Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 26 mins S&P 500 2,400.67 -1.65 (-0.07%) Dow 30 20,979.75 -2.19 (-0.01%) Nasdaq 6,169.87 +20.20 (+0.33%) JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon: 'I'm a patriot' so I'll help Trump Dawn Giel CNBC May 16, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Andrew Harrer | Bloomberg | Getty Images. The JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO felt the need to address his willingness to support the president at the bank's annual shareholder meeting Tuesday.More JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM) Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon highlighted several critical issues confronting the United States during the bank's annual shareholder meeting Tuesday and urged the business community and the Trump administration to come together to find meaningful solutions to these problems. During Q&A with shareholders, Dimon was asked multiple questions related to his willingness to support President Trump . The CEO is on Trump's Strategic and Policy Forum. In the answer to a question related to Trump's tighter immigration policy, Dimon took a moment to address the elephant in the room that kept coming up. "He is the President of the United States. I believe he is the pilot flying our airplane," Dimon said, "I would try to help any President of the United States because I'm a patriot." Dimon emphasized the areas he believes are in serious need of fixing, including education, infrastructure, and tax reform. "Our corporate tax system is driving capital and brains overseas and excessive regulation is reducing growth and business formation particularly for small businesses." Dimon also added that it doesn't mean he supports all of the policies that the administration comes up with. Dimon, who became JPMorgan Chase's chairman on Dec. 31, 2006 and has been CEO and president since Dec. 31, 2005 also reiterated his position on the need to roll back some of the regulation of the big banks. "We are not looking to throw out the entirety of Dodd-Frank or other rules, it is however appropriate to open up the rulebook in the light of day and rework the rules and regulations that don't work well or are unnecessary," Dimon said. "We believe that changes can and should be made to preserve the safety and soundness of the financial system". Dimon also highlighted JPMorgan Chase's "breakout year" despite operating in a period of "profound political and economic change" around the world. JPM has delivered record results in six of the last seven years, with 2016 being no exception, earning $24.7 billion in net income on revenue of $99.1 billion. The CEO was optimistic on the growth continuing with the "underlying growth of the U.S. and the global economy" providing the necessary fuel to drive the future growth of JPMorgan. The bank's shareholder meeting was held in Delaware, where JPM is the largest private employer in the state and is also home to the company's credit card business. Shareholders voted to reelect all twelve of the directors, with no director receiving less than 96% of the votes cast. More From CNBC New bank regulator is a lawyer who helped banks hike fees Rough year for hedge funds: Only two managers topped $1 billion GIC halves UBS stake Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next U.S. Officials ‘Warned Israel’ Not to Share Sensitive Intel With Trump Newsweek The Latest: Mattis 'not worried' about Trump sharing intel Associated Press Leading Constitutional Scholar: Comey Firing Legal, but Trump Has Committed Impeachable Offenses Newsweek U.S. court rejects Georgia inmate's bid to die by firing squad Reuters ‘Don’t Read the U.S. Press’: Russia Laughs Off Trump Intel Report Newsweek What It Really Costs to Go to Walt Disney World Money Why one couple feels like they're scraping by on $500K a year Yahoo Finance Steve Kerr yells the same thing every time Draymond Green shoots a 3 as part of the unusual way he manages the Warriors star Business Insider Why Republicans aren’t ready to abandon Donald Trump despite the Comey Memo Newsweek What to Watch in the Markets Wednesday, May 17 Yahoo Finance Video ‘Injustice 2’ review: Kneel before this sublime superhero fighter Yahoo Finance Trump is the wrong kind of businessperson to be president Yahoo Finance Watch the US Marine Corps' F-35 run and gun for the first time Business Insider YouTubers are drilling holes in iPhones to turn them into $5 fidget spinners Business Insider Trump reportedly told James Comey to consider jailing reporters for publishing classified information Business Insider Stocks take latest Trump drama in stride Yahoo Finance Video Clapper: US govt 'under assault' by Trump after Comey firing Dan: At least the tide has turned against Trump. That was a necessary and important beginning. A majority of Americans neither believe him, trust him, nor support him. With each passing week of idiocy from this White House, that power against him grows. It will be a juggernaut that will not be stopped, and Trump will spiral into greater anger, bitterness and loathing toward the majority of America's citizenry. He and his stalwart supporters are an increasing minority, and in time will be swept aside by more rational thinking. It takes a while to straighten out a big ship travelling stormy waters, but it will be righted. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.3k
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Watts Water Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Watts Water Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Watts Water Technologies Inc (WTS) Position Maintained by State of Wisconsin Investment Board State of Wisconsin Investment Board Maintains Position in Mueller Water Products, Inc. (MWA) State of Wisconsin Investment Board Increases Stake in Atmos Energy Co. (ATO) PC Tel Inc (PCTI) CEO David A. Neumann Purchases 3,000 Shares Mackinac Financial Co. (MFNC) Director Dennis Bittner Sells 1,000 Shares Zacks: Merus NV (MRUS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” from Analysts AXT Inc (AXTI) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for LTC Properties (LTC) CIBC World Markets Inc. Decreases Position in Ebix Inc (EBIX) State of Tennessee Treasury Department Has $5,315,000 Position in Orbital ATK Inc (OA) State of Tennessee Treasury Department Has $5.177 Million Stake in Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) State of Tennessee Treasury Department Has $5.293 Million Position in DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Shares Bought by CIBC World Markets Inc. CarMax, Inc (KMX) Stake Boosted by CIBC World Markets Inc. WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Position Cut by State of Tennessee Treasury Department eGain Corp (EGAN) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Investar Holding Corp (ISTR) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.23 Wells Fargo Income Opportunities Fund (EAD) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.16 Fenix Parts (FENX) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Western Asset Mrtg Defined Oppn Fund (DMO) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.32 Watts Water Technologies Inc (WTS) Position Maintained by State of Wisconsin Investment Board May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State of Wisconsin Investment Board continued to hold its stake in shares of Watts Water Technologies Inc (NYSE:WTS) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 159,384 shares of the technology company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. State of Wisconsin Investment Board owned 0.47% of Watts Water Technologies worth $9,938,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Welch & Forbes LLC raised its stake in shares of Watts Water Technologies by 70.2% in the third quarter. Welch & Forbes LLC now owns 21,758 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $1,411,000 after buying an additional 8,975 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Watts Water Technologies by 66.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 46,308 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $3,002,000 after buying an additional 18,548 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Watts Water Technologies during the fourth quarter worth about $1,454,000. BlackRock Inc. raised its stake in shares of Watts Water Technologies by 40.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 21,148 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $1,371,000 after buying an additional 6,062 shares during the period. Finally, State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Watts Water Technologies by 7.0% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 600,012 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $39,120,000 after buying an additional 39,018 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 81.74% of the company’s stock. Shares of Watts Water Technologies Inc (NYSE:WTS) traded down 0.16% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $63.30. 66,641 shares of the company were exchanged. Watts Water Technologies Inc has a one year low of $54.22 and a one year high of $71.05. The stock has a market cap of $2.17 billion, a PE ratio of 24.35 and a beta of 1.15. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $61.87 and its 200-day moving average is $64.22. Watts Water Technologies (NYSE:WTS) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 4th. The technology company reported $0.65 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.60 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $347.20 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $343.79 million. Watts Water Technologies had a net margin of 6.02% and a return on equity of 12.51%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up .9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.57 EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that Watts Water Technologies Inc will post $2.92 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 16th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be issued a dividend of $0.19 per share. This represents a $0.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.20%. This is an increase from Watts Water Technologies’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.18. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 31st. Watts Water Technologies’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 29.51%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/watts-water-technologies-inc-wts-position-maintained-by-state-of-wisconsin-investment-board.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on WTS shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Watts Water Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. TheStreet lowered shares of Watts Water Technologies from a “b” rating to a “c” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. restated a “hold” rating on shares of Watts Water Technologies in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc started coverage on shares of Watts Water Technologies in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $66.00 target price on the stock. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $62.25. In other news, General Counsel Kenneth Robert Lepage sold 10,147 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.00, for a total transaction of $659,555.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the general counsel now directly owns 39,102 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,541,630. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider Elie Melhem sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $61.75, for a total transaction of $61,750.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 30,039 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,854,908.25. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 1.40% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Watts Water Technologies Watts Water Technologies, Inc is a supplier of products and solutions that manage and conserve the flow of fluids and energy into, through and out of buildings in the residential and commercial markets. The Company, through its subsidiary, Watts Regulator Co, is engaged in manufacturing products and systems focused on the control, conservation and quality of water, and safety of the people using it. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WTS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Watts Water Technologies Inc (NYSE:WTS). Receive News & Ratings for Watts Water Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Watts Water Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Seven banks said to be focus of Mexico bond collusion probe Dimon defends his role as Trump adviser Silicon Valley Bank CFO promoted to president Cross-selling isn’t dead and other takeaways from Wells Fargo’s investor day Four Oaks in N.C. freed from regulatory order search goes here Seven banks said to be focus of Mexico bond collusion probe Published May 16 2017, 6:13pm EDT More in Enforcement Bonds Commercial banking Print Email Share Share on Mexican authorities have zeroed in on seven banks, including three from the U.S., as part of a widening investigation into price manipulation in the nation’s bond market, according to a person with knowledge of the matter. Local units of Banco Santander SA, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA, JPMorgan Chase, HSBC Holdings Plc, Barclays Plc, Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp. have become the focus of the probe, according to the person, who asked not to be identified because the information is private. None of the banks has been accused of wrongdoing. The investigation, first made public April 19 in an attempt to attract informants, threatens to upend trading in Mexico’s $400 billion market for local bonds from government entities. At issue is whether players known as market makers, which buy the notes at auctions, colluded in order to suppress prices. The probe follows long-running cases over interest-rate rigging in the U.K. and after U.S. prosecutors in January charged workers from some of the world’s biggest banks with conspiring to coordinate trading of dollars and euros to manipulate prices. Some of the banks have already received requests for information related to Mexico’s investigation, which could also extend to other participants in the primary and secondary bond markets, the person said. One institution has agreed to cooperate with the probe in exchange for a lighter punishment, according to two people familiar with the matter. Cofece, as the antitrust regulator is known, hasn’t publicly identified the banks under investigation but said in April that the damage to public finances from the alleged manipulation could be “serious.” By suppressing prices, buyers would be able to get higher yields on the bonds, making interest payments more expensive for the borrowers. The probe comes weeks after Cofece fined the country’s biggest pension funds as well as 11 individuals for colluding to make it difficult for clients to transfer their accounts. JPMorgan spokeswoman Tasha Pelio, Bank of America spokesman Bill Halldin, Barclays spokesman Marc Hazelton and HSBC spokeswoman Lyssette Bravo declined to comment on the investigation or say whether their banks had been contacted by authorities. Press offices of Citibanamex, BBVA and Santander Mexico also declined to comment. Cofece’s highest fine for monopolistic practices is 10% of a company’s annual income, a limit that likely means the damage from the market manipulation may be much larger than any penalty the government would collect. Individuals found colluding could face from five to 10 years in prison. Finance Minister Jose Antonio Meade told reporters on Tuesday the ministry has not been provided with details of the investigation and is willing to cooperate. Bloomberg News Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
X Close with photo without photo Print     Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper ECONOMY CATEGORIES Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper ECONOMY Daily Sabah > Business > Economy Close Saudi sale of the century lures foreign investment banks, PE firms REUTERS DUBAI Published Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Permalink Share via e-mail TO ADD A MESSAGE 
 YOUR E-MAIL VERIFICATION CODE The King Abdullah Financial District north of Riyadh, Saudi Arabia,. A new era of low oil prices led the Saudis to initiate new investment programs that are welcoming major foreign investment banks and private equity firms, yet regulatory deficiencies still poses hindrance One of the world's largest privatization programs is drawing foreign investment banks and private equity (PE) firms to Saudi Arabia, despite the prospect of low fees and an uncertain regulatory environment. KKR is among the U.S.-based PE firms joining regional companies such as Abu Dhabi's Gulf Capital in the search for opportunities from the government's plan to sell off around $200 billion in assets on top of a stake in oil giant Saudi Aramco. Banks are also beefing up their operations. Citigroup obtained a Saudi investment banking license last month and Goldman Sachs is looking into obtaining a Saudi equities license. Credit Suisse intends to apply for a full banking license and JPMorgan is adding bankers. "We see a lot more opportunities in Saudi Arabia because for the first time the government is looking to partner with firms like ourselves and others," said Kaveh Samie, who heads the Middle East and North Africa region for KKR. For decades, many foreign financial companies kept a minimal presence in Riyadh or shunned it entirely. They chased business related to Saudi Arabia's investment of billions of petrodollars abroad, but saw few opportunities in the Saudi domestic economy. The kingdom had a reputation for offering low fees to investment banks, while PE firms found few prospects in an economy dominated by wealthy state enterprises and family conglomerates which jealously guarded control of their assets. But the mood has begun changing since last year's announcement of a privatization drive to help the economy diversify in an era of low oil prices. A vast range of assets will be offered via methods ranging from public offers of shares to PE deals. Vice economy minister Mohammed al-Tuwaijri told Reuters last month that Riyadh aimed to raise around $200 billion over several years - not including an expected tens of billions of dollars for the Saudi Aramco stake. Karim El Solh, chief executive of Abu Dhabi's Gulf Capital, said it had become more proactive seeking Saudi investments and its pipeline of potential deals had grown in three years. JPMorgan, which has around 70 bankers in Saudi Arabia, is adding about 10 across its investment banking, equities and custody businesses. "With economic transformation comes a need for transactional services, capital markets access and advice," said Sjoerd Leenart, JPMorgan's head of Middle East, Africa and Turkey. HSBC has made staffing changes to help its Saudi business, including the secondment last month of Samer Deghaili, co-head of equity capital markets in the region, to its Saudi subsidiary. Foreign firms will still tread carefully in Saudi Arabia, and many may try to limit costs and risk by flying in staff from Dubai rather than basing personnel in Riyadh. Productivity levels among the local population are low and hiring foreigners has become increasingly difficult as Saudi Arabia restricts entry for workers. Also, some Westerners are reluctant to move there due to social restrictions. Investors have also been put off by the legal system which does not have laws on bankruptcy. The government has paid fees as low as 0.1 percentage point of deal value for past privatizations, compared to about 1 percent in developed markets. Riyadh is keen to show it is not being exploited by foreign firms, so fees may not rise much. But the volume of business - HSBC estimates 100 companies will be listed on the stock market in sectors including mining, healthcare and retail - is too large for bankers to neglect. "Saudi will be probably be a volumes market given the depth of the economy. Plus being the largest economy in the Gulf Cooperation Council, it is not one we can ignore," said Aasim Qureshi, managing director at QNB Capital, the investment banking arm of Qatar National Bank (QNB). QNB said this month it plans to apply for a Saudi license for its investment bank. One key for PE firms is how much control they will be given to manage their acquisitions. The government has not clarified its position on the size of stakes it will sell in state-owned companies but if it only sells minority stakes this could be unattractive for some PE firms as they generally like to have control. The government says it welcomes foreign investors but it could balk at measures they might take, such as staff cuts. "There is growing interest among GCC PEs in Saudi deals, but entering the kingdom is not easy for any PE firm, be it international or GCC," said one industry executive. "Most of the privatizations are expected in education and healthcare, and these sectors have strict national ownership rules." Nevertheless, many PE firms think there are bound to be lucrative deals given the wide range of sectors which Saudi Arabia's economic reforms aim to develop, including tourism, entertainment and auto manufacturing. "It is exactly the same kind of transformation that China and India went through," said Iqbal Khan, chief executive at Dubai's Fajr Capital. "We see this as a very big opportunity." Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous in Economy A burgeoning asset of Turkey, the Sovereign Wealth Fund, has recently... Next in Economy CentralBank of the Republic of Turkey Governor Murat Çetinkaya has... DAILY SABAH RECOMMENDS Wall Street closes mixed as oil prices retreat An imminent new page in Turkey-US economic relations Homepage Turkey Istanbul Ankara Education Investigations Minorities Expat Corner Politics Diplomacy Legislation War On Terror EU Affairs Elections World Mid-East Balkans Europe Americas Asia Pacific Africa Syrian Crisis İslamophobia Business Real Estate Automotive Economy Energy Finance Tourism Tech Defense Today’s Paper Illustration Gallery RSS Sports Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life Feature Health Environment Travel Food Fashion Science Religion History Arts Cinema Music Events Books Portrait Opinion Columns Op-Ed Reader's Corner Editorial Subscriptions Advertise Privacy About Us Contact Us
News & Features Latest News▶ Opinion▶ Features▶ Galleries▶ Topics▶ Investments Alternative Investments Bonds / Fixed Income International Investing REITs Socially Conscious Investing Insurance Annuities Health Care Life Insurance Variable Annuities Broker-dealers Independent Broker-dealers Regional Brokerages Wirehouses Retirement 401(k) Defined Benefit Plans Defined Contribution Plans IRAs Social Security Your Practice Client Prospecting Client Servicing Staffing / Personnel Succession Planning Video INTV Ed Slott: The real reason your clients may be saying no to your advice Events Michigan's Harbaugh: My advice for advisers Smarter in 60 Seconds Factor Investing: Experience Counts Gadget Girl Gadget Girl: The case of airborne efficiency Secrets Behind Success A financial planning pioneer Data & Resources Fiduciary Focus The DOL rule from all angles. Fiduciary Focus is your one-stop resource for learning how the DOL's fiduciary rule is changing the advice business. B-D Data Center Find out which firms offer the highest payouts, have the most reps in the field and generate the most revenue - or create your own custom rankings. The Adviser Center Before you change firms, make a new hire or explore an acquisition, visit the new InvestmentNews Adviser Center. Advisers on the Move Track the latest teams of advisers and brokers changing firms and view recruiting activity at wirehouses, regional brokerages, RIAs and IBDs. More White Paper Library RIA Data Center Data Library Research Adviser Research Dashboard This interactive, customizable tool allows you to view detailed data on compensation, staffing and financial performance practices from across the industry. Adviser Technology A comprehensive study highlighting the best technology practices of both your peers and top-performing advisory firms. Financial Performance Benchmark your business against the industry's best practices with the 2016 InvestmentNews Financial Performance Study of Advisory Firms. Data Store Visit the InvestmentNews Data Store to purchase adviser tools, studies and data spreadsheets. More Compensation & Staffing Succession Planning Custom Research Events Womens Forum: Focus on Leadership June 20, 2017 | New York Prepare to be inspired at this event tailored to women working in the financial services industry. Women Adviser Summit July 11, 2017 Boston | Nov. 9, 2017 San Francisco | For sophisticated female advisers who want to take their personal and professional self to the next level. Innovations in Investing Summit September 18-19, 2017 | Chicago For advisers providing the differentiated investment approaches demanded by todays savvy investors. Webcasts Check out the latest webcasts available covering the most important topics in the industry. Many qualify for CE credits. More Best Practices Retirement Income Summit Women to Watch Icons & Innovators Subscribe Author: - All - Jeff Benjamin Mary Beth Franklin Greg Iacurci Bruce Kelly Mark Schoeff Jr. Liz Skinner John Waggoner  Sections News & Features Latest News Opinion Features Galleries Topics Video INTV ETF Exchange Events Practice Makeover Wealthtrack Data & Resources Fiduciary Focus B-D Data Center The Adviser Center Advisers on the Move White Paper Library RIA Data Center Data Library Research & Studies Adviser Research Dashboard Adviser Technology Financial Performance Data Store Compensation & Staffing Succession Planning Custom Research Events All Events Womens Forum: Focus on Leadership Women Adviser Summit Innovations in Investing Summit Webcasts Best Practices Retirement Income Summit Women to Watch Icons & Innovators Outside-INblog Outside voices and views for advisers Archives » Contact » Courts' interpretations of 401(k) fiduciary laws are changing The prudence requirement in being gauged based on the portfolio in aggregate but also on individual investment options May 16, 2017 @ 1:39 pm By Marcia S. Wagner + Zoom It appears that laws of fiduciary prudence under ERISA are evolving. A recent district court decision, in Lorenz v. Safeway, demonstrates this point. "What is good for the goose is good for the gander" is not a common legal maxim, but the District Court in the Northern District of California essentially used it when determining whether certain fees were excessive and resulted in a breach of the duty of prudence. The court began its analysis by holding that the failure of the defendant, Safeway Inc., to offer the investment option with the lowest expense ratio wasn't sufficient, on its… Most Popular 1 Top financial advisers' tips for landing seven-figure clients 2 Fidelity's approach to DOL fiduciary rule rankles some 401(k) advisers 3 Will the fiduciary rule shrink the ever-expanding world of share classes? Sponsored financial news X Subscribe and Save 60% Premium Access Print + Digital Learn more Subscribe to Print Newsletter Sign-up Register Now in print This week's issue To download the full contents of this week's issue, click here. Past Issues May 6, 2017 April 29, 2017 April 22, 2017 Subscribe to Print Get daily news & intel The pulse of the financial advisory industry. Breaking news and in-depth coverage of essential topics delivered straight to your inbox. view all newsletters Connect with us Register to access our archive of leading investment information and data Follow @newsfromIN Follow @eventsfromIN Follow @statsfromIN Follow InvestmentNews Financial Adviser Group Retirement Income Summit Group Alternative Investments Conference 40 Under 40 Like us on Facebook Like our fan page to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews. Latest News & Opinion Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews. About Contact Staff Help Center Editorial Calendar Media Kit Reprints Content Strategy Studio Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc. Use of editorial content without permission is strictly prohibited. Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions are applicable to you. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/16/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/16/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: When Will JPMorgan Chase Split Its Stock Again? JPMorgan Chase has split its stock four times since 1982. When will it happen again? Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) May 16, 2017 at 2:26PM At a recent share price of $87.37, JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) is the most expensive of the U.S. big bank stocks on a per-share basis. The company has split its stock several times in the past, so another stock split in the near future isn't totally out of the question. Here's JPMorgan Chase's stock split history and the benefits that could come if the bank decides to split its stock again. Image source: Getty Images. JPMorgan Chase's stock split history Date Split Declared Ex-Date Type of Split Stock Price at Time of Split (Declared) Inflation-Adjusted Pre-Split Price March 21, 2000 June 12, 2000 3-for-2 $92.00 $131.40 March 17, 1998 June 15, 1998 2-for-1 $134.76 $203.16 February 9, 1984 April 16, 1984 3-for-2 $48.01 $114.64 February 11, 1982 April 16, 1982 3-for-2 $52.96 $136.89 Data source: JPMorgan Chase. Stock prices at time of split are adjusted for inflation using the Bureau of Labor Statistics inflation calculator. As I mentioned, JPMorgan Chase has split its stock several times -- four in the past four decades, to be exact. While the company's next stock split is anyone's guess, the general idea behind a stock split is to keep the share price in a certain range. And aside from the 1998 split, which occurred after a massive bull run (JPMorgan Chase's stock price roughly quadrupled from 1995 to 1998), it seems the bank's historic stock splits have all occurred in a pretty narrow price range when adjusting for inflation. The reasons behind a stock split, and how a split could benefit JPMorgan Chase's investors Despite the common misconception, especially among new investors, a stock split does nothing to add value for shareholders all by itself. For example, if you own 100 shares of a stock that trades for $100, and the stock splits 2 for 1, you'll now own 200 shares of a stock that trades for $50. As I briefly mentioned earlier, the basic idea behind a stock split is to keep the stock's price at a certain level, generally to keep shares accessible for smaller investors. As a more extreme example, Apple's stock was trading for nearly $700 before it split 7 for 1 in 2014. Before the split, if a smaller investor had say, $500 to invest, he or she couldn't afford to buy a single share. While JPMorgan Chase's stock isn't in the "unaffordable" realm just yet, at least in my opinion, a split would allow smaller investors to put more of their money to work. To illustrate this, let's say an investor had $500 to invest and wanted to buy some shares of JPMorgan Chase. At the current share price, this investor would be able to afford five shares and would have $63.15 left over uninvested, ignoring the effects of trading commissions. However, if JPMorgan Chase decided to split its stock 2 for 1, the share price would be roughly $43.69, and our investor would be able to buy 11 shares with $500 and would only be leaving $19.41 on the sidelines. The Foolish bottom line While there's no way to know for sure if and when JPMorgan Chase will split its stock again, if history is any indicator, the bank could split its stock in the not-too-distant future -- especially if bank stocks continue to rise by another 30% or more. A split would help keep the share price low for smaller investors, who would be able to put more of their money to work in JPMorgan stock. Matthew Frankel owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage! Follow @TMFMathGuy Article Info May 16, 2017 at 2:26PM Financials Stocks JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $87.61 up $0.27 (0.31%) Read More A Very Interesting Chart About Bank Stocks Will JPMorgan Chase Raise Its Dividend in 2017? A Foolish Take: An Ominous Sign for the Economy The 4 Most Popular Bank Stocks Held by Hedge Funds Which Bank Has the Best Dividend Stock? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current When Will JPMorgan Chase Split Its Stock Again? @themotleyfool #stocks $JPM
null
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT SPONSORED CONTENT What's this?Barron’s news organization was not involved in the creation of this content. Email Print Facebook Share Twitter Google+ LinkedIn smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. Another “Alternative” to Diversifying Your Portfolio By Yazann Romahi, Chief Investment Officer of Quantitative Beta Strategies and Lead Portfolio Manager of JPMorgan Diversified Alternatives ETF at J.P. Morgan Asset Management May 16, 2017 With investment returns around the world declining, investors have increasingly been looking beyond traditional asset classes to diversify their existing portfolios and to potentially pick up incremental returns. That’s where the potential of alternatives comes in, says Yazann Romahi, Chief Investment Officer of Quantitative Beta Strategies at J.P. Morgan JPM 0.30913670712159375% JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE USD87.61 0.27 0.30913670712159375% /Date(1494968404665-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 9036469 AFTER HOURS USD87.03 -0.58 -0.6620248830042232% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 758499 P/E Ratio 13.499229583975346 Market Cap 310301884425.767 Dividend Yield 2.282844424152494% Rev. per Employee 440858 More quote details and news » JPM in Your Value Your Change Short position Asset Management and Lead Portfolio Manager of JPMorgan Diversified Alternatives ETF JPHF 0.0759589821496392% JPMorgan Diversified Alternatives ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca 26.35 0.02 0.0759589821496392% /Date(1494967569409-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 8503 P/E Ratio N/A Market Cap N/A Dividend Yield N/A Rev. per Employee N/A More quote details and news » JPHF in Your Value Your Change Short position (JPHF). Once only available to institutional investors, alternative strategies are becoming more mainstream and accessible to individual investors through more cost-efficient and liquid vehicles, such as mutual funds and exchange-traded funds. A new take on diversification Alternative strategies are a very important source of diversification in investor portfolios. A typical balanced investor can look at investments such as alternatives in two different ways: • First, as a return-enhancing diversifier where traditional diversifiers may no longer be effective. For example, an investor could reduce exposure to low-risk assets such as fixed income, which has historically been a diversifier of choice. We believe that going forward, fixed income’s ability to diversify and deliver attractive returns is likely to be diminished given rising rates and low yields. Therefore, replacing some fixed income exposure with alternatives allows for increased diversification and potentially enhanced returns at a similar level of risk. • Second, as a risk diversifier. Reducing one’s equity exposure to allocate to alternatives can help mitigate overall portfolio risk – and, just as important, drawdowns – while achieving an enhanced Sharpe ratio, or risk-adjusted return. The chart below illustrates how alternatives (as represented by a broad hedge fund index) work. Historically, when the stock market was up, hedge fund strategies captured 44% of the upside. But when the market was down, hedge funds participated to a lesser degree. Similarly, when bonds performed well, hedge funds captured much of the upside; when bonds were down, hedge funds were actually slightly up. Alternative beta: A rules-based approach Alternative beta is a new category that allows investors to access the systematic components of hedge fund strategies. In other words, it provides a rules-based approach to capturing various hedge fund styles, in contrast to active hedge fund strategies. Because they are rules based, these types of strategies can enable investors to access the same type of returns in a more transparent, and consequently cost-efficient, fashion than was historically the case. More specifically, the rules-based approach to capturing hedge fund styles is referred to as hedge fund beta. It should be noted that this is very different from what are referred to as hedge fund replication approaches. Hedge fund replication approaches tend to be top-down, regression-based analyses that are fundamentally backward-looking. Alternative beta, on the other hand, is bottom-up, investing in the same way as a hedge fund – by going long or short individual securities in a systematic fashion. Risk management is core to the investment process. In a strategy designed to act as a diversifier to traditional asset classes, it is important to continuously monitor incidental or idiosyncratic risk, which refers to the risk that is uncorrelated to the overall market risk, such as company-specific risk. For example, the investment team monitors market beta, sector beta and duration on a daily basis and adjusts when necessary. This is the approach we take in managing the JPMorgan Diversified Alternatives ETF (JPHF). The Fund provides hedge fund exposure by diversifying across three hedge fund strategies: equity long/short, event-driven and global macro strategies. JPHF: A diversified approach to hedge fund exposure JPHF’s allocations across the equity long/short, event-driven and global macro strategies are dynamic and reflect the opportunity within each strategy. Over a market cycle, each strategy is designed to contribute an equal amount of risk to the overall portfolio. However, at any one point in time, these risks can differ substantially from the equal risk case. For example, the event-driven strategy’s allocation is based on the number of opportunities (events) identified. The strategy may have a lower allocation at times when there are simply not many merger deals going on between companies; the fewer the deals, the more limited opportunity there is for an event-driven strategy like merger arbitrage. Each of these strategies has its own set of dynamics and the strength of the whole comes from diversification benefits across several levels – within the strategies themselves, within the Fund and within an investor’s overall portfolio level. Implementing JPHF for investor portfolios JPHF can be used as a core diversifier to a traditional portfolio. Investors seeking enhanced returns at a similar level of risk to their bond portfolios may want to fund an investment in JPHF from their fixed income allocation. Alternatively, investors seeking enhanced risk-adjusted returns, but less risk – and, crucially – improved drawdown characteristics, may want to fund an investment in JPHF from their equity allocation. Looking for an alternative to enhance diversification in your portfolio? For investors looking to further diversify their overall portfolio, JPMorgan Diversified Alternatives ETF (JPHF) seeks to increase diversification and reduce overall portfolio volatility through direct, diversified exposure to hedge fund strategies using a bottom-up, rules-based approach. Learn more about JPHF and J.P. Morgan’s suite of ETFs: here. Call 1-844-4JPM-ETF or visit www.jpmorganetfs.com to obtain a prospectus. Carefully consider the investment objectives and risks as well as charges and expenses of the ETF before investing. The summary and full prospectuses contain this and other information about the ETF. Read them carefully before investing. This document is a general communication being provided for informational purposes only. It is educational in nature and not designed to be a recommendation for any specific investment product, strategy, plan feature or other purpose. Any examples used are generic, hypothetical and for illustration purposes only. Prior to making any investment or financial decisions, an investor should seek individualized advice from personal financial, legal, tax and other professional advisors that take into account all of the particular facts and circumstances of an investor’s own situation. RISK SUMMARY • Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. Shares are bought and sold at market price, and are not individually redeemed from a fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. • The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and financial industry regulatory authorities in other countries may impose prohibitions, restrictions or other regulatory requirements on short sales, which could inhibit the ability of the adviser to enter into short sale transactions on behalf of the Fund. • The Fund’s investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops. The Fund may also invest in securities including junk bonds, loans and instruments that are issued by companies that are highly leveraged, less creditworthy or financially distressed. These investments are considered to be speculative and are subject to greater risk of loss, greater sensitivity to interest rate and economic changes, valuation difficulties and potential illiquidity. Loans are subject to additional risks including subordination to other creditors, no collateral or limited rights in collateral, lack of a regular trading market, extended settlement periods, liquidity risks and lack of publicly available information. • International investing involves a greater degree of risk and increased volatility. Changes in currency exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can raise or lower returns. Also, some overseas markets may not be as politically and economically stable as the United States and other nations. Emerging markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors as well as increased volatility and decreased trading volume. • Investing in alternative assets involves higher risks than traditional investments and is suitable only for sophisticated investors. Alternative investments involve greater risks than traditional investments and should not be deemed a complete investment program. They are not tax efficient and an investor should consult with his/her tax advisor prior to investing. Alternative investments have higher fees than traditional investments and they may also be highly leveraged and engage in speculative investment techniques, which can magnify the potential for investment loss or gain. The value of the investment may fall as well as rise and investors may get back less than they invested. • Alternative investment strategies use a variety of complicated investment techniques and involve complex securities transactions that include risks in addition to those risks with direct investments in securities described in the prospectus. • The Fund may invest in futures contracts, options, swaps, forwards and other derivatives. Many derivatives create leverage, thereby causing the Fund to be more volatile than it would be if it had not used derivatives. Derivatives may be more sensitive to changes in economic and market conditions and could result in losses that significantly exceed the Fund’s original investment. • The Fund may use derivatives in connection with its investment strategies. Derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments because they may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments and could result in losses that significantly exceed the Fund’s original investment. Many derivatives will give rise to a form of leverage. Derivatives are also subject to the risk that changes in the value of a derivative may not correlate perfectly with the underlying asset, rate or index. The use of derivatives may not be successful, resulting in losses to the Fund, and the cost of such strategies may reduce the Fund’s returns. Derivatives also expose the Fund to the credit risk of the derivative counterparty. In addition, the Fund may use derivatives for non-hedging purposes which increases the Fund’s potential for loss. • The Fund could experience a loss and its liquidity may be negatively impacted when selling securities to meet redemption requests by shareholders. The risk of loss increases if the redemption requests are unusually large or frequent or occur in times of overall market turmoil or declining prices. Similarly, large purchases of Fund shares may adversely affect the Fund’s performance to the extent that the Fund is delayed in investing new cash and is required to maintain a larger cash position than it ordinarily would. • There is no guarantee that the use of long and short positions will succeed in limiting an investment’s exposure to domestic stock market movements, capitalization, sector swings or other risk factors. Investments in a portfolio involved in long and short selling may have higher portfolio turnover rates. This will likely result in additional tax consequences. Short selling involves certain risks, including additional costs associated with covering short positions and a possibility of unlimited loss on certain short sale positions. • The Fund will likely engage in active and frequent trading leading to increased portfolio turnover, higher transaction costs, and the possibility of increased capital gains. • There is no guarantee the Fund will meet its investment objective. • Diversification may not protect against market loss. Opinions and statements of market trends that are based on current market conditions constitute our judgment and are subject to change without notice. These views described may not be suitable for all investors. References to specific securities, asset classes and financial markets are for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to be, and should not be interpreted as, recommendations. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment returns and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when sold or redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. ETF shares are bought and sold throughout the day on an exchange at market price (not NAV) through a brokerage account, and are not individually redeemed from the fund. Shares may only be sold or redeemed directly from a fund by Authorized Participants, in very large creation/redemption units. For all products, brokerage commissions will reduce returns. J.P. Morgan Asset Management is the marketing name for the investment management business of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates worldwide. J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Funds are distributed by SEI Investments Distribution Co, One Freedom Valley Dr., Oaks, PA 19456, which is not affiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any of its affiliates. For additional disclosure: https://am.jpmorgan.com/us/en/asset-management/gim/adv/site-disclaimer Barron’s news organization was not involved in the creation of this content. MORE FROM J.P. MORGAN FUNDS •  What Smart Beta Means for Diversification •  How to Manage Bond Market Pain and Seek the Gain When Rates Are Rising •  3 Things to Know about DC Plan Participants Under 30 •  Top picks in asset allocation For additional disclosure: http://www.bit.ly/1PCGvXH Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Banks Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon: 'I'm a patriot' so I'll help Trump During Q&A with shareholders, Dimon reiterated his support for 'any' U.S. president. Dimon also added that it doesn't mean he supports all of the policies that the administration comes up with. JPMorgan has delivered record results in six of the last seven years, with 2016 being no exception, earning $24.7 billion in net income on revenue of $99.1 billion. Dawn Giel 14 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Andrew Harrer | Bloomberg | Getty Images Jamie Dimon, CEO, JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon highlighted several critical issues confronting the United States during the bank's annual shareholder meeting Tuesday and urged the business community and the Trump administration to come together to find meaningful solutions to these problems. During Q&A with shareholders, Dimon was asked multiple questions related to his willingness to support President Trump. The CEO is on Trump's Strategic and Policy Forum. In the answer to a question related to Trump's tighter immigration policy, Dimon took a moment to address the elephant in the room that kept coming up. "He is the President of the United States. I believe he is the pilot flying our airplane," Dimon said, "I would try to help any President of the United States because I'm a patriot." Dimon emphasized the areas he believes are in serious need of fixing, including education, infrastructure, and tax reform. "Our corporate tax system is driving capital and brains overseas and excessive regulation is reducing growth and business formation particularly for small businesses." Dimon also added that it doesn't mean he supports all of the policies that the administration comes up with. Dimon, who became JPMorgan Chase's chairman on Dec. 31, 2006 and has been CEO and president since Dec. 31, 2005 also reiterated his position on the need to roll back some of the regulation of the big banks. "We are not looking to throw out the entirety of Dodd-Frank or other rules, it is however appropriate to open up the rulebook in the light of day and rework the rules and regulations that don't work well or are unnecessary," Dimon said. "We believe that changes can and should be made to preserve the safety and soundness of the financial system". Dimon also highlighted JPMorgan Chase's "breakout year" despite operating in a period of "profound political and economic change" around the world. JPM has delivered record results in six of the last seven years, with 2016 being no exception, earning $24.7 billion in net income on revenue of $99.1 billion. The CEO was optimistic on the growth continuing with the "underlying growth of the U.S. and the global economy" providing the necessary fuel to drive the future growth of JPMorgan. The bank's shareholder meeting was held in Delaware, where JPM is the largest private employer in the state and is also home to the company's credit card business. Shareholders voted to reelect all twelve of the directors, with no director receiving less than 96% of the votes cast. Dawn GielProducer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM ---
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES ECONOMY May 17, 2017 | Last updated 13 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: IPL Business Podcast UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Business Podcast Data Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Why gold fans should brace for higher prices Gold hits biggest fall since March Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Gold Rate Sectors20 Markets14 Automotives2 Banking1 Construction Employment Features General Investment1 Media4 Careers Energy57 Retail4 Shipping Technology7 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Dirhams & Dollars: Return of the ransomware... Dubai’s 3-day Super Sale begins on May 18 Barbara Bates takes reins as new CEO of Hotwire Aviation3 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Airports should rethink use of technology Dubai airports to see 100m passengers in 2017 EasyJet eyes bigger planes to keep costs down Economy5 Property1 GN Property top stories in Property Watch: Peak into Dubai's newest megaproject Hot investment prospect in Dubai: serviced homes Corporate clients drive demand for serviced apartments Money1 Dirhams and Dollars1 Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Saudi sale of the century lures foreign investment banks, PE firms Riyadh aims to raise around $200b via privatisation scheme Image Credit: Reuters King Abdullah Financial District north of Riyadh. JPMorgan, which has around 70 bankers in Saudi Arabia, is adding 10 across its investment banking, equities and custody businesses. Published: 17:57 May 16, 2017 Reuters   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE DUBAI One of the world’s largest privatisation programmes is drawing foreign investment banks and private equity (PE) firms to Saudi Arabia, despite the prospect of low fees and an uncertain regulatory environment. KKR is among the US-based PE firms joining regional companies such as Abu Dhabi’s Gulf Capital in the search for opportunities from the government’s plan to sell off around $200 billion (Dh734 billion) in assets on top of a stake in oil giant Saudi Aramco. Banks are also beefing up their operations. Citigroup obtained a Saudi investment banking licence last month and Goldman Sachs is looking into obtaining a Saudi equities licence. Credit Suisse intends to apply for a full banking licence and JPMorgan is adding bankers. “We see a lot more opportunities in Saudi Arabia because for the first time the government is looking to partner with firms like ourselves and others,” said Kaveh Samie, who heads the Middle East and North Africa region for KKR. For decades, many foreign financial companies kept a minimal presence in Riyadh or shunned it entirely. They chased business related to Saudi Arabia’s investment of billions of petrodollars abroad, but saw few opportunities in the Saudi domestic economy. The kingdom had a reputation for offering low fees to investment banks, while PE firms found few prospects in an economy dominated by wealthy state enterprises and family conglomerates which jealously guarded control of their assets. But the mood has begun changing since last year’s announcement of a privatisation drive to help the economy diversify in an era of low oil prices. A vast range of assets will be offered via methods ranging from public offers of shares to PE deals. Vice-economy minister Mohammad Al Tuwaijri told Reuters last month that Riyadh aimed to raise around $200 billion over several years — not including an expected tens of billions of dollars for the Saudi Aramco stake. Karim Al Solh, chief executive of Abu Dhabi’s Gulf Capital, said it had become more proactive seeking Saudi investments and its pipeline of potential deals had grown in three years. JPMorgan, which has around 70 bankers in Saudi Arabia, is adding about 10 across its investment banking, equities and custody businesses. “With economic transformation comes a need for transactional services, capital markets access and advice,” said Sjoerd Leenart, JPMorgan’s head of Middle East, Africa and Turkey. HSBC has made staffing changes to help its Saudi business, including the secondment last month of Samer Deghaili, co-head of equity capital markets in the region, to its Saudi subsidiary. Foreign firms will still tread carefully in Saudi Arabia, and many may try to limit costs and risk by flying in staff from Dubai rather than basing personnel in Riyadh. Productivity levels among the local population are low and hiring foreigners has become increasingly difficult as Saudi Arabia restricts entry for workers. Also, some Westerners are reluctant to move there due to social restrictions. Investors have also been put off by the legal system which does not have laws on bankruptcy. The government has paid fees as low as 0.1 percentage point of deal value for past privatisations, compared to about 1 percent in developed markets. Riyadh is keen to show it is not being exploited by foreign firms, so fees may not rise much. But the volume of business — HSBC estimates 100 companies will be listed on the stock market in sectors including mining, healthcare and retail — is too large for bankers to neglect. “Saudi will be probably be a volumes market given the depth of the economy. Plus being the largest economy in the Gulf Cooperation Council, it is not one we can ignore,” said Aasim Qureshi, managing director at QNB Capital, the investment banking arm of Qatar National Bank (QNB). QNB said this month it plans to apply for a Saudi licence for its investment bank. One key for PE firms is how much control they will be given to manage their acquisitions. The government has not clarified its position on the size of stakes it will sell in state-owned companies but if it only sells minority stakes this could be unattractive for some PE firms as they generally like to have control. The government says it welcomes foreign investors but it could balk at measures they might take, such as staff cuts. “There is growing interest among GCC PEs in Saudi deals, but entering the kingdom is not easy for any PE firm, be it international or GCC,” said one industry executive. “Most of the privatisations are expected in education and healthcare, and these sectors have strict national ownership rules.” Nevertheless, many PE firms think there are bound to be lucrative deals given the wide range of sectors which Saudi Arabia’s economic reforms aim to develop, including tourism, entertainment and auto manufacturing. “It is exactly the same kind of transformation that China and India went through,” said Iqbal Khan, chief executive at Dubai’s Fajr Capital. “We see this as a very big opportunity.” More from Economy Dubai Department of Finance structure okayed Nestle opens Dh530m factory in Dubai South Egypt’s central bank may hold key interest rates Saudi sale lures foreign investment banks Air fares, energy prices drive up UK inflation UAE non-oil growth to hit 3.3% in 2017 Xi ends China world trade summit Shaikh Maktoum receives CII president tags from this storyHSBC follow this tag on MGNIndia follow this tag on MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGNDubai follow this tag on MGNSaudi Arabia follow this tag on MGNChina follow this tag on MGNGulf Cooperation Council follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessEconomy tagsHSBC follow this tag on MGN+ MGNIndia follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDubai follow this tag on MGN+ MGNSaudi Arabia follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In EconomyDubai Department of Finance structure okayed Business Gallery Mohammad launches Marsa Al Arab project China’s home-grown C919 passenger jet takes off Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosGalleries 01UAE non-oil growth to hit 3.3% in 2017 02S&P cuts Oman debt to junk as oil reserves erode 03UAE salary guide 2015: Are you getting enough? Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 13Images Mohammad launches Marsa Al Arab project May 15, 2017 2Images China’s home-grown C919 passenger jet takes off May 05, 2017 8Images Dubai’s next big mall gets into project mode Mar 16, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Watch out: New UAE traffic fines soon How to get residence visa for parents What Mohammad said to Donald Trump Couple jailed for washroom hug and kiss Bad chicken taken off Dubai shelves No fine for drinking tea while driving: Police Dubai’s 3-day Super Sale begins on May 18 Why Abu Dhabi motorists won't have black points Cash-grabber arrested by Sharjah expats Close Recommended For You QIB initial price guidance for dollar sukuk PUBLISHED ON May 16, 2017 Dubai government gets $3b for airports expansionPUBLISHED ON May 14, 2017 Couple jailed for washroom hug and kissPUBLISHED ON May 16, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2017. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Snap Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Snap Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank JPMorgan Chase & Co. Trims Snap Inc (SNAP) Target Price to $20.00 May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Snap Inc (NYSE:SNAP) had its price target decreased by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $24.00 to $20.00 in a report released on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts have also issued reports on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a buy rating and issued a $30.00 price target on shares of Snap in a report on Monday, April 17th. Summit Research reissued a sell rating and issued a $17.00 price target on shares of Snap in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Bank of America Corp initiated coverage on shares of Snap in a report on Monday, March 27th. They issued a neutral rating and a $25.00 price target on the stock. CIBC reissued a market perform rating on shares of Snap in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Finally, Vetr raised shares of Snap from a strong sell rating to a sell rating and set a $20.40 price target on the stock in a report on Monday, March 13th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have given a hold rating, sixteen have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $21.93. Shares of Snap (NYSE:SNAP) traded down 0.3014% on Thursday, reaching $20.6775. 11,739,835 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Snap has a 52 week low of $17.59 and a 52 week high of $29.44. The firm’s market capitalization is $19.77 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average is $21.55 and its 200-day moving average is $21.68. Snap (NYSE:SNAP) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 10th. The company reported ($2.31) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($2.05) by $0.26. The business had revenue of $149.60 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $158.32 million. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 285.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts anticipate that Snap will post ($0.54) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/jpmorgan-chase-co-trims-snap-inc-snap-target-price-to-20-00.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. US Bancorp DE bought a new position in shares of Snap during the first quarter valued at about $101,000. WFG Advisors LP bought a new position in shares of Snap during the first quarter valued at about $109,000. Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. bought a new position in shares of Snap during the first quarter valued at about $158,000. Pacer Advisors Inc. bought a new position in shares of Snap during the first quarter valued at about $205,000. Finally, Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Snap during the first quarter valued at about $223,000. Snap Company Profile Snap Inc, formerly Snapchat, Inc, is a camera company. The Company’s flagship product, Snapchat, is a camera application that helps people to communicate through short videos and images known as a Snap. The Company offers three ways for people to make Snaps: the Snapchat application, Publishers Tools that help its partners to create Publisher Stories, and Spectacles, its sunglasses that make Snaps. Receive News & Ratings for Snap Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Snap Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: May 17, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest BusinessNow Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Budget 2017 Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport Netball The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Snap Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Snap Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank JPMorgan Chase & Co. Trims Snap Inc (SNAP) Target Price to $20.00 May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Snap Inc (NYSE:SNAP) had its price target decreased by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $24.00 to $20.00 in a report released on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts have also issued reports on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a buy rating and issued a $30.00 price target on shares of Snap in a report on Monday, April 17th. Summit Research reissued a sell rating and issued a $17.00 price target on shares of Snap in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Bank of America Corp initiated coverage on shares of Snap in a report on Monday, March 27th. They issued a neutral rating and a $25.00 price target on the stock. CIBC reissued a market perform rating on shares of Snap in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Finally, Vetr raised shares of Snap from a strong sell rating to a sell rating and set a $20.40 price target on the stock in a report on Monday, March 13th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have given a hold rating, sixteen have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $21.93. Shares of Snap (NYSE:SNAP) traded down 0.3014% on Thursday, reaching $20.6775. 11,739,835 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Snap has a 52 week low of $17.59 and a 52 week high of $29.44. The firm’s market capitalization is $19.77 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average is $21.55 and its 200-day moving average is $21.68. Snap (NYSE:SNAP) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 10th. The company reported ($2.31) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($2.05) by $0.26. The business had revenue of $149.60 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $158.32 million. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 285.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts anticipate that Snap will post ($0.54) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/jpmorgan-chase-co-trims-snap-inc-snap-target-price-to-20-00.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. US Bancorp DE bought a new position in shares of Snap during the first quarter valued at about $101,000. WFG Advisors LP bought a new position in shares of Snap during the first quarter valued at about $109,000. Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. bought a new position in shares of Snap during the first quarter valued at about $158,000. Pacer Advisors Inc. bought a new position in shares of Snap during the first quarter valued at about $205,000. Finally, Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Snap during the first quarter valued at about $223,000. Snap Company Profile Snap Inc, formerly Snapchat, Inc, is a camera company. The Company’s flagship product, Snapchat, is a camera application that helps people to communicate through short videos and images known as a Snap. The Company offers three ways for people to make Snaps: the Snapchat application, Publishers Tools that help its partners to create Publisher Stories, and Spectacles, its sunglasses that make Snaps. Receive News & Ratings for Snap Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Snap Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Impact at Work: Communities in Schools San Antonio Project Spotlight SOURCE: Common Impact DESCRIPTION: Impact at Work: Communities in Schools San Antonio Project Spotlight By Marjie Bland, Common Impact Common Impact has partnered with JPMorgan Chase since 2014 on the Virtual Service Corps (VSC), a skills-based volunteering program where employees utilize their talents and expertise virtually to support JPMorgan Chase’s nonprofit grantees in building capacity to serve the community. Recently, a team of JPMorgan Chase technologists supported Communities In Schools of San Antonio (CIS-SA), a San Antonio-based nonprofit dedicated to keeping kids in school and helping them succeed in life. The JPMorgan Chase volunteers worked with CIS-SA to assess their technology infrastructure and create a set of recommendations for improvements. Melissa Kazen, Executive Vice President of CIS-SA, shares her take on this project and how it has informed the organization’s future planning. Why does this project matter? Specifically, why was the assessment piece a high priority for your organization? We’ve had a lot of growth – from 5 sites when we started to 99 currently. As we grew, many resources were spent on serving more students through our programs, but not much on building our internal capacity. Even after such rapid growth, we still remained an IT department of 1. Because of the small size, our IT department was often reactive to the work that came up. As an organization, we didn’t have the expertise on hand to be able to put much thought into the future of our technology infrastructure. We needed some external evaluation to either validate our current processes or raise the alarms. The JPMorgan Chase volunteers supported us in highlighting our gaps and developing an actionable roadmap for our IT structure. They broke the project down to separate components and reported out on their findings along the way. The team also really empathized with our nonprofit realities and our budget constraints. They focused on small work streams with minimal cost dependencies and changes in culture for the organization that would achieve the intended results in the roadmap. Can you tell us more about your process for understanding how to take a step back and realize that an assessment was critical before diving into implementation? The assessment process is part of our DNA and mindset on how we serve our clients. For our students, we identify where they are struggling, asking: is it attendance, behavior, academics? We also assess our school partners, identifying what resources the school already has, what assets are in the community, and how can we bridge any gaps. As we’ve grown as an organization we brought that mentality back to our internal infrastructure and applied it on a bigger scale. We can assume that IT should look a certain way, but unless we complete that initial assessment piece, we don’t have a full picture. We also had to recognize our own budget constraints and look outside our walls for the needed external expertise. Sometimes it can be a board member, existing volunteers, or capacity building grants. You can’t always hire that expertise, so you have to be creative and think about the other resources available to you. How has this project impacted your organization? Have you identified how this will improve your IT infrastructure in the future? The resources the volunteer team provided for us were very clear and easy to understand. Almost immediately after the project, we convened our whole staff and reviewed the findings. We also sent instructions to staff with some of the simple solutions outlined in the roadmap from our volunteers to instruct them on how to better secure their data. While it will take a while to train the entire staff on these processes, we know it’s going to make a tremendous impact. In the short term, this project has fundamentally changed the way we handle basic security with our data. The team also helped us identify how to get to that next level and to budget and plan to move our all of our data online to the cloud. In the long-term, we will continue to keep data security in mind, and entrenched in our culture. We have realized that one data breach could have a significant negative impact on our work, and this simple investment of our time can mitigate a significant amount of that risk.  _____________ Interested in learning more about the impact of our work? Join us next week at the Sustainable Brands conference in Detroit! Click here to register and email us at info@commonimpact.org for our partner discount codes!  Tweet me: .@CommonImpact interviews @CISSanAntonio about the impact of their #probono #tech assessment project w/ @jpmorgan http://bit.ly/2rixmfo KEYWORDS: Social Impact & Volunteering, Community Involvement, Communities in Schools San Antonio, CIS-SA, JPMorgan Chase, Virtual Service Core, impact, nonprofit, Common Impact CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious April Pennsylvania Table Games Revenue Increase Exceeds 10% Next PostNext New Frictionless Wi-Fi Solutions From Cambium Networks Provide Fast And Affordable Indoor And Outdoor Coverage Search Recent Posts Middle East High-density Polyethylene (HDPE) Market Segmented by Product Type, Services, Size, Shares, Applications, Growth Rate and Forecast by 2022 Alternators Market Share Worldwide Industry Growth, Size, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Global Fire Retardant Plywood Market Sales, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share Forecast to 2022 Find a happier, healthier, shiner new you at the Melbourne MindBodySpirit Festival! When a Competitive Freight Quote and Great Customer Service Is Not Enough Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 38-52 We set you thinking Wednesday 17 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Gunmen attack state TV station in Afghanistan 1495003808 Singapore Celebrating #OneNationTogether in NDP 2017 1494993600 World Greeks join nationwide strike over new round of bailout reforms 1495003054 Lifestyle Why you should experience budget travel at least once 1495003619 World Shariah court in Indonesia sentences gay couple to caning 1495003619 World Australia considers banning laptops from airliner cabins 1495003617 Business U.S. stock futures, dollar fall on rising concerns over Trump 1495002484 Lifestyle ‘Vending machine’ in Singapore dispenses super cars 1495002715 Business Chinese state media says U.S. should take some blame for cyber attack 1495001465 China&India China installs rocket launchers on disputed South China Sea island: Report 1494999420 World Merkel's conservatives extend lead over Social Democrats: poll 1494999733 Business VW's JV in China to recall nearly 600,000 vehicles over fuse fault 1494997486 World Venezuela death toll rises to at least 42 1494978440 World Malaysia’s sole North Korean restaurant closes down 1494995813 World Honduras moves 773 gang members to complete prison shake-up 1494994414 World Trump asked Comey to end investigation of Michael Flynn: source 1494985364 Sports After beating UFC in Asia, ONE Championship chief says he’s just getting started 1494994080 Business Fewer than 10 U.S. organizations say were hit by ransomware attack: official 1494993801 World German government can save IP addresses to help stop cyber attacks, court rules 1494993801 World Mexican journalists mourn, protest after deadly day 1494968062 World Iran's re-engagement with the world at stake in Friday presidential vote 1494968171 World Teacher bikes 135km daily to teach Orang Asli kids 1494986760 Singapore Local bakery fined S$90,000 for unsafe working conditions leading to employee’s death 1494991915 World Japan restaurants spruce up uniforms to attract female hall staff 1494991011 World South Korea says it wants to reopen communications with North amid missile crisis 1494989992 World Babies from skin cells? Prospect is unsettling to some experts 1494988314 World At a besieged White House, tempers flare and confusion swirls 1494979560 World ‘Pay Trump bribes here’ projected on Trump hotel in Washington 1494987712 Sports Sentosa Golf Club raises S$200,000 for Arc Children's Centre, Assisi Hospice 1494986700 World Princess Mako, granddaughter of Japan emperor, getting engaged to commoner 1494987412 World Eight more corrupt policemen arrested in shakedown: Malaysia police 1494986818 World Factbox: Lawmakers want to see Comey memo on Trump meeting 1494986102 Singapore Man who left luggage unattended at Hougang Station charged with causing public nuisance 1494985200 Sports French Open had "moral responsibility" to deny Sharapova wildcard: federation chief 1494982500 World Malaysia should follow Singapore’s tripartite system in combating wage stagnation: Think-tank 1494985010 Sports Tennis star Eugenie Bouchard's lawyers accuse USTA of destroying footage of her fall 1494983640 China&India Chinese mother who refused to give up disabled son nurtures him all the way to Harvard 1494983880 World Malaysia eyes sale of Proton as Mahathir’s auto power dream dies 1494984112 Daily Focus US teen dies of caffeine overdose 1494982315 Singapore Apple store along Orchard Road to open May 27 1494971340 Business Singapore exports dip in April, ending growth streak 1494981000 World U.S., Mexico bolster efforts to combat deadly tide of fentanyl 1494974136 Singapore Slow immigration clearance at Woodlands, Tuas not due to cyber attack: ICA 1494940020 World Trump asked then-FBI director Comey to end Flynn investigation in February: Memo 1494979009 Business S&P 500, Dow end session flat, tech boosts Nasdaq 1494967262 Singapore Spain police find Singapore ship captain drifting at sea 1494976980 World Mexico expects NAFTA talks by late August: economy minister 1494976814 Business World's rich confident they can scale wall of global risk: survey 1494976164 World Trump trade officials prefer tri-lateral NAFTA deal: U.S. senators 1494974675 Singapore Fire at Changi T2 leaves thousands stranded 1494931500 Business Saudi sale of the century lures foreign investment banks, PE firms FILE PHOTO: A view shows the King Abdullah Financial District north of Riyadh. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 9:15 PM, May 16, 2017 Updated: 9:35 PM, May 16, 2017 DUBAI - One of the world's largest privatization programs is drawing foreign investment banks and private equity (PE) firms to Saudi Arabia, despite the prospect of low fees and an uncertain regulatory environment. KKR is among the U.S.-based PE firms joining regional companies such as Abu Dhabi's Gulf Capital in the search for opportunities from the government's plan to sell off around $200 billion in assets on top of a stake in oil giant Saudi Aramco. Banks are also beefing up their operations. Citigroup <C.N> obtained a Saudi investment banking license last month and Goldman Sachs <GS.N> is looking into obtaining a Saudi equities license. Credit Suisse <CSGN.S> intends to apply for a full banking license and JPMorgan <JPM.N> is adding bankers. "We see a lot more opportunities in Saudi Arabia because for the first time the government is looking to partner with firms like ourselves and others," said Kaveh Samie, who heads the Middle East and North Africa region for KKR. For decades, many foreign financial companies kept a minimal presence in Riyadh or shunned it entirely. They chased business related to Saudi Arabia's investment of billions of petrodollars abroad, but saw few opportunities in the Saudi domestic economy. The kingdom had a reputation for offering low fees to investment banks, while PE firms found few prospects in an economy dominated by wealthy state enterprises and family conglomerates which jealously guarded control of their assets. But the mood has begun changing since last year's announcement of a privatization drive to help the economy diversify in an era of low oil prices. A vast range of assets will be offered via methods ranging from public offers of shares to PE deals. Vice economy minister Mohammed al-Tuwaijri told Reuters last month that Riyadh aimed to raise around $200 billion over several years - not including an expected tens of billions of dollars for the Saudi Aramco stake. (For a list of privatizations underway, click) Karim El Solh, chief executive of Abu Dhabi's Gulf Capital, said it had become more proactive seeking Saudi investments and its pipeline of potential deals had grown in three years. JPMorgan <JPM.N>, which has around 70 bankers in Saudi Arabia, is adding about 10 across its investment banking, equities and custody businesses. "With economic transformation comes a need for transactional services, capital markets access and advice," said Sjoerd Leenart, JPMorgan's head of Middle East, Africa and Turkey. HSBC <HSBA.L> has made staffing changes to help its Saudi business, including the secondment last month of Samer Deghaili, co-head of equity capital markets in the region, to its Saudi subsidiary. OBSTACLES Foreign firms will still tread carefully in Saudi Arabia, and many may try to limit costs and risk by flying in staff from Dubai rather than basing personnel in Riyadh. Productivity levels among the local population are low and hiring foreigners has become increasingly difficult as Saudi Arabia restricts entry for workers. Also, some Westerners are reluctant to move there due to social restrictions. Investors have also been put off by the legal system which does not have laws on bankruptcy. The government has paid fees as low as 0.1 percentage point of deal value for past privatizations, compared to about 1 percent in developed markets. Riyadh is keen to show it is not being exploited by foreign firms, so fees may not rise much. But the volume of business - HSBC estimates 100 companies will be listed on the stock market in sectors including mining, healthcare and retail - is too large for bankers to neglect. "Saudi will be probably be a volumes market given the depth of the economy. Plus being the largest economy in the Gulf Cooperation Council, it is not one we can ignore," said Aasim Qureshi, managing director at QNB Capital, the investment banking arm of Qatar National Bank (QNB) <QNBK.QA>. QNB said this month it plans to apply for a Saudi license for its investment bank. One key for PE firms is how much control they will be given to manage their acquisitions. The government has not clarified its position on the size of stakes it will sell in state-owned companies but if it only sells minority stakes this could be unattractive for some PE firms as they generally like to have control. The government says it welcomes foreign investors but it could balk at measures they might take, such as staff cuts. "There is growing interest among GCC PEs in Saudi deals, but entering the kingdom is not easy for any PE firm, be it international or GCC," said one industry executive. "Most of the privatizations are expected in education and healthcare, and these sectors have strict national ownership rules." Nevertheless, many PE firms think there are bound to be lucrative deals given the wide range of sectors which Saudi Arabia's economic reforms aim to develop, including tourism, entertainment and auto manufacturing. "It is exactly the same kind of transformation that China and India went through," said Iqbal Khan, chief executive at Dubai's Fajr Capital. "We see this as a very big opportunity." REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble Yahoo to buy back $3 billion shares in tender offer World's rich confident they can scale wall of global risk: survey Workers say Wal-Mart discriminated against thousands of pregnant women Whole Foods names new CFO, directors Whole Foods in board shake-up amid investor pressure: source Whole Foods board overhaul fails to satisfy activist Jana: source Western Digital takes legal action to block sale of Toshiba's chip unit Wells Fargo eyes return to mortgage deals shunned since crisis Wells Fargo doubles cost-cut goal but offers soft revenue outlook Wells Fargo bogus accounts balloon to 3.5 million: lawyers Inside Today World Gunmen attack state TV station in Afghanistan Shariah court in Indonesia sentences gay couple to caning Australia considers banning laptops from airliner cabins Greeks join nationwide strike over new round of bailout reforms Merkel's conservatives extend lead over Social Democrats: poll Business U.S. stock futures, dollar fall on rising concerns over Trump Chinese state media says U.S. should take some blame for cyber attack Oil drops on rising U.S. crude inventories, defies expected supply cut extension VW's JV in China to recall nearly 600,000 vehicles over fuse fault Dollar pressured by U.S. political turmoil, strong eurozone data Sports After beating UFC in Asia, ONE Championship chief says he’s just getting started Sentosa Golf Club raises S$200,000 for Arc Children's Centre, Assisi Hospice Tennis star Eugenie Bouchard's lawyers accuse USTA of destroying footage of her fall French Open had "moral responsibility" to deny Sharapova wildcard: federation chief Plazibat salvages away draw for Home in AFC Cup match against Global Entertainment Interactive art to feature at new kids’ Biennale Arab TV series dramatises life under IS Zac Efron to star as serial killer Ted Bundy in new movie﻿ Mandopop singer Show Luo to perform in S’pore on Aug 12 Foo Fighters to perform at National Stadium on Aug 26 About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Saudi sale of the century lures foreign investment banks, PE firms Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Saudi sale of the century lures foreign investment banks, PE firms Advertisement Business Saudi sale of the century lures foreign investment banks, PE firms One of the world's largest privatization programs is drawing foreign investment banks and private equity (PE) firms to Saudi Arabia, despite the prospect of low fees and an uncertain regulatory environment. FILE PHOTO: A view shows the King Abdullah Financial District north of Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, May 12, 2016. REUTERS/Faisal Al Nasser/File Photo 2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery. 16 May 2017 09:10PM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail DUBAI: One of the world's largest privatization programs is drawing foreign investment banks and private equity (PE) firms to Saudi Arabia, despite the prospect of low fees and an uncertain regulatory environment. KKR is among the U.S.-based PE firms joining regional companies such as Abu Dhabi's Gulf Capital in the search for opportunities from the government's plan to sell off around US$200 billion in assets on top of a stake in oil giant Saudi Aramco. Banks are also beefing up their operations. Citigroup obtained a Saudi investment banking license last month and Goldman Sachs is looking into obtaining a Saudi equities license. Credit Suisse intends to apply for a full banking license and JPMorgan is adding bankers. "We see a lot more opportunities in Saudi Arabia because for the first time the government is looking to partner with firms like ourselves and others," said Kaveh Samie, who heads the Middle East and North Africa region for KKR. For decades, many foreign financial companies kept a minimal presence in Riyadh or shunned it entirely. They chased business related to Saudi Arabia's investment of billions of petrodollars abroad, but saw few opportunities in the Saudi domestic economy. Advertisement Advertisement The kingdom had a reputation for offering low fees to investment banks, while PE firms found few prospects in an economy dominated by wealthy state enterprises and family conglomerates which jealously guarded control of their assets. But the mood has begun changing since last year's announcement of a privatization drive to help the economy diversify in an era of low oil prices. A vast range of assets will be offered via methods ranging from public offers of shares to PE deals. Vice economy minister Mohammed al-Tuwaijri told Reuters last month that Riyadh aimed to raise around US$200 billion over several years - not including an expected tens of billions of dollars for the Saudi Aramco stake. (For a list of privatizations underway, click) Karim El Solh, chief executive of Abu Dhabi's Gulf Capital, said it had become more proactive seeking Saudi investments and its pipeline of potential deals had grown in three years. JPMorgan , which has around 70 bankers in Saudi Arabia, is adding about 10 across its investment banking, equities and custody businesses. "With economic transformation comes a need for transactional services, capital markets access and advice," said Sjoerd Leenart, JPMorgan's head of Middle East, Africa and Turkey. HSBC has made staffing changes to help its Saudi business, including the secondment last month of Samer Deghaili, co-head of equity capital markets in the region, to its Saudi subsidiary. OBSTACLES Foreign firms will still tread carefully in Saudi Arabia, and many may try to limit costs and risk by flying in staff from Dubai rather than basing personnel in Riyadh. Productivity levels among the local population are low and hiring foreigners has become increasingly difficult as Saudi Arabia restricts entry for workers. Also, some Westerners are reluctant to move there due to social restrictions. Investors have also been put off by the legal system which does not have laws on bankruptcy. The government has paid fees as low as 0.1 percentage point of deal value for past privatizations, compared to about 1 percent in developed markets. Riyadh is keen to show it is not being exploited by foreign firms, so fees may not rise much. But the volume of business - HSBC estimates 100 companies will be listed on the stock market in sectors including mining, healthcare and retail - is too large for bankers to neglect. "Saudi will be probably be a volumes market given the depth of the economy. Plus being the largest economy in the Gulf Cooperation Council, it is not one we can ignore," said Aasim Qureshi, managing director at QNB Capital, the investment banking arm of Qatar National Bank (QNB) . QNB said this month it plans to apply for a Saudi license for its investment bank. One key for PE firms is how much control they will be given to manage their acquisitions. The government has not clarified its position on the size of stakes it will sell in state-owned companies but if it only sells minority stakes this could be unattractive for some PE firms as they generally like to have control. The government says it welcomes foreign investors but it could balk at measures they might take, such as staff cuts. "There is growing interest among GCC PEs in Saudi deals, but entering the kingdom is not easy for any PE firm, be it international or GCC," said one industry executive. "Most of the privatizations are expected in education and healthcare, and these sectors have strict national ownership rules." Nevertheless, many PE firms think there are bound to be lucrative deals given the wide range of sectors which Saudi Arabia's economic reforms aim to develop, including tourism, entertainment and auto manufacturing. "It is exactly the same kind of transformation that China and India went through," said Iqbal Khan, chief executive at Dubai's Fajr Capital. "We see this as a very big opportunity." (Editing by Andrew Torchia and Anna Willard) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Saudi sale of the century lures foreign investment banks, PE firms Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Tue May 16, 2017 | 9:29am EDT Saudi sale of the century lures foreign investment banks, PE firms left right FILE PHOTO: A view shows the King Abdullah Financial District north of Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, May 12, 2016. REUTERS/Faisal Al Nasser/File Photo 1/2 left right FILE PHOTO: Cars drive past the King Abdullah Financial District, north of Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, March 1, 2017. REUTERS/Faisal Al Nasser/File Photo 2/2 By Saeed Azhar and Tom Arnold | DUBAI DUBAI One of the world's largest privatization programs is drawing foreign investment banks and private equity (PE) firms to Saudi Arabia, despite the prospect of low fees and an uncertain regulatory environment. KKR is among the U.S.-based PE firms joining regional companies such as Abu Dhabi's Gulf Capital in the search for opportunities from the government's plan to sell off around $200 billion in assets on top of a stake in oil giant Saudi Aramco. Banks are also beefing up their operations. Citigroup (C.N) obtained a Saudi investment banking license last month and Goldman Sachs (GS.N) is looking into obtaining a Saudi equities license. Credit Suisse (CSGN.S) intends to apply for a full banking license and JPMorgan (JPM.N) is adding bankers. "We see a lot more opportunities in Saudi Arabia because for the first time the government is looking to partner with firms like ourselves and others," said Kaveh Samie, who heads the Middle East and North Africa region for KKR. For decades, many foreign financial companies kept a minimal presence in Riyadh or shunned it entirely. They chased business related to Saudi Arabia's investment of billions of petrodollars abroad, but saw few opportunities in the Saudi domestic economy. The kingdom had a reputation for offering low fees to investment banks, while PE firms found few prospects in an economy dominated by wealthy state enterprises and family conglomerates which jealously guarded control of their assets. But the mood has begun changing since last year's announcement of a privatization drive to help the economy diversify in an era of low oil prices. A vast range of assets will be offered via methods ranging from public offers of shares to PE deals. Vice economy minister Mohammed al-Tuwaijri told Reuters last month that Riyadh aimed to raise around $200 billion over several years - not including an expected tens of billions of dollars for the Saudi Aramco stake. (For a list of privatizations underway, click) Karim El Solh, chief executive of Abu Dhabi's Gulf Capital, said it had become more proactive seeking Saudi investments and its pipeline of potential deals had grown in three years. JPMorgan (JPM.N), which has around 70 bankers in Saudi Arabia, is adding about 10 across its investment banking, equities and custody businesses. "With economic transformation comes a need for transactional services, capital markets access and advice," said Sjoerd Leenart, JPMorgan's head of Middle East, Africa and Turkey. HSBC (HSBA.L) has made staffing changes to help its Saudi business, including the secondment last month of Samer Deghaili, co-head of equity capital markets in the region, to its Saudi subsidiary. OBSTACLES Foreign firms will still tread carefully in Saudi Arabia, and many may try to limit costs and risk by flying in staff from Dubai rather than basing personnel in Riyadh. Productivity levels among the local population are low and hiring foreigners has become increasingly difficult as Saudi Arabia restricts entry for workers. Also, some Westerners are reluctant to move there due to social restrictions. Investors have also been put off by the legal system which does not have laws on bankruptcy. The government has paid fees as low as 0.1 percentage point of deal value for past privatizations, compared to about 1 percent in developed markets. Riyadh is keen to show it is not being exploited by foreign firms, so fees may not rise much. But the volume of business - HSBC estimates 100 companies will be listed on the stock market in sectors including mining, healthcare and retail - is too large for bankers to neglect. "Saudi will be probably be a volumes market given the depth of the economy. Plus being the largest economy in the Gulf Cooperation Council, it is not one we can ignore," said Aasim Qureshi, managing director at QNB Capital, the investment banking arm of Qatar National Bank (QNB) QNBK.QA. QNB said this month it plans to apply for a Saudi license for its investment bank. One key for PE firms is how much control they will be given to manage their acquisitions. The government has not clarified its position on the size of stakes it will sell in state-owned companies but if it only sells minority stakes this could be unattractive for some PE firms as they generally like to have control. The government says it welcomes foreign investors but it could balk at measures they might take, such as staff cuts. "There is growing interest among GCC PEs in Saudi deals, but entering the kingdom is not easy for any PE firm, be it international or GCC," said one industry executive. "Most of the privatizations are expected in education and healthcare, and these sectors have strict national ownership rules." Nevertheless, many PE firms think there are bound to be lucrative deals given the wide range of sectors which Saudi Arabia's economic reforms aim to develop, including tourism, entertainment and auto manufacturing. "It is exactly the same kind of transformation that China and India went through," said Iqbal Khan, chief executive at Dubai's Fajr Capital. "We see this as a very big opportunity." (Editing by Andrew Torchia and Anna Willard) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Deals Yahoo to buy back $3 billion shares in tender offer Yahoo Inc said on Tuesday it would buy back up to $3 billion shares through a tender offer to provide liquidity to stockholders looking to sell the stock ahead of the company's pending deal with Verizon Communications Inc. Australia's Wesfarmers pulls office unit's IPO amid Amazon jitters SYDNEY Australia's Wesfarmers Ltd canceled a potential $1.1 billion IPO of its office supplies unit, underscoring uncertainty in a retail sector hit by weak spending and the slated arrival of online shopping giant Amazon.com Inc . Merck KGaA considers making divisions legally separate subsidiaries FRANKFURT Germany's Merck KGaA is considering shifting its chemicals, healthcare and biotech supplies operations into separate subsidiaries next year to better manage its diversified businesses. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse A Smart Idea Among Europe ETFs Todd Shriber, ETF Professor , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 16, 2017 8:49am   Comments Share: Related JPMorgan Expands ETF Lineup With 2 Currency-Hedged Funds A New ETF Avenue To Europe Europe exchange-traded funds continue receiving well-deserved attention, as many of the region's equity markets are among this year's best-performing developed markets. Here in the U.S., there are plenty of Europe ETFs for investors to consider. An alternative for investors looking for a fund that emphasizes fundamentals over the traditional cap-weighted methodology found on so many ETFs is the JPMorgan Diversified Return Europe Equity ETF (NYSE: JPEU). When JPEU debuted in December 2015, it was the fifth ETF from JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM)'s JPMorgan Asset Management unit. A Smart Idea Among Europe ETFs At the end of the first quarter, the value of JPEU's investments was nearly $62.5 million, indicating the ETF has acquired a decent following in about a year and a half on the market, but also confirmation that there is plenty of room for growth. JPEU follows “the FTSE Developed Europe Diversified Factor Index, which is rebalanced on a quarterly basis and was thoughtfully constructed based on J.P. Morgan's active insights and risk management expertise,” according to a statement issued by New York-based JPMorgan Asset Management. JPEU's underlying index is based on a methodology that targets multiple factors, including low volatility, attractive relative valuation, positive momentum and smaller market capitalization, according to FTSE Russell. JPEU's Unique Methodology Said another way, JPEU is not the run-of-the-mill Europe ETF. Importantly, the ETF's performance is validating its unique methodology. JPEU is up 16 percent year-to-date and was one of roughly 100 ETFs hitting all-time highs Monday. In many cases, JPEU is beating rival diversified, cap-weighted Europe ETFs. At worst, it is performing mostly in line with its rivals from the cap-weighted Europe ETF space. JPEU's geographic lineup is similar to other diversified Europe ETFs that are not dedicated Eurozone funds. The U.K. accounts for almost a quarter of the fund's weight and there is a more than 11 percent allocation to Swiss stocks. Germany, France, Italy and Spain – the Eurozone's four largest economies, combine for 38.5 percent of JPEU's lineup. The ETF holds nearly 300 stocks, including some well-known U.S.-listed names such as SAP SE (ADR) (NYSE: SAP), Novartis AG (ADR) (NYSE: NVS), Total SA (ADR) (NYSE: TOT) and Eni SpA (ADR)(NYSE: E). JPEU is consumer heavy as staples and discretionary names combine for over 22 percent of the fund's weight. Financial services and industrial stocks also combine for over 22 percent of JPEU's roster. JPEU charges 0.43 percent per year, or $43 on a $10,000 investment. Related Links: Which Companies Are Poised To Win From Melting Of Arctic Circle? Analyst: Kite Pharma's CAR-T Patient Death, Stock Selloff Is A Buying Opportunity Posted-In: Europe ETFsLong Ideas Specialty ETFs Eurozone Top Stories Markets Trading Ideas ETFs Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (E + JPEU) View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on JPEU Trending Recent 1 CYRN, FEYE: 22 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 TWLO, AMAT: Jim Cramer Shares His Thoughts On Twilio And Applied Materials 3 TGT, HD: Retail Earnings Expectations: Home Depot And Target 4 WLB, PGR: 5 Stocks To Watch For May 15, 2017 5 FMCC, FNMA: Will The FHFA Suspend Fannie &... 6 NTWK, VIPS: Earnings Scheduled For Ma... 7 EXAS: Exact Sciences Plunge... 1 TTWO, GAMR: Not Playing Around: Video Game ETF Is On A Tear 2 IBB, XLK: Cornell's Eccentric Robot Genius Gets New Ideas From Infa... 3 SPHS, ETRM: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 4 GOOG, GOOGL: Retail Wars Move From Online To In-Store... 5 BURL, HD: Fast Money Traders Share Their Pi... 6 SPLS, HD: A Peek Into The Markets:... 7 PTHN, TMO: Wall Street'... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products New Disney Film May Be In The Hands Of WannaCry Hackers
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc (HIK) Price Target to GBX 1,800 May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc (LON:HIK) had its price objective cut by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 2,400 ($30.98) to GBX 1,800 ($23.23) in a report released on Friday. The firm presently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s target price would indicate a potential upside of 3.57% from the company’s previous close. Several other equities analysts also recently issued reports on HIK. Jefferies Group LLC upped their price objective on shares of Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc from GBX 2,065 ($26.66) to GBX 2,162 ($27.91) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Peel Hunt started coverage on shares of Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. They set a “buy” rating and a GBX 2,340 ($30.21) price objective on the stock. Numis Securities Ltd downgraded shares of Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc to an “add” rating and set a GBX 2,350 ($30.33) price target on the stock. in a research note on Friday, March 10th. HSBC Holdings plc downgraded shares of Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc to a “reduce” rating and set a GBX 1,800 ($23.23) price target on the stock. in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 2,550 ($32.92) price target on shares of Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of GBX 2,313.30 ($29.86). Shares of Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc (LON:HIK) opened at 1751.00 on Friday. The stock’s market cap is GBX 4.22 billion. Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc has a 52-week low of GBX 1,575.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 2,703.00. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 1,921.12 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 1,890.58. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be given a €0.22 ($0.24) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a dividend yield of 0.78%. This is a positive change from Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc’s previous dividend of $0.21. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc (HIK) Price Target to GBX 1,800” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/jpmorgan-chase-co-lowers-hikma-pharmaceuticals-plc-hik-price-target-to-gbx-1800.html. About Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc is a pharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on developing, manufacturing and marketing a range of both branded and non-branded generic and in-licensed products. The Company’s segments include Branded, Injectables, Generics and Others. It sells branded generics and in-licensed patented products across the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region and other markets. Receive News & Ratings for Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 17 May 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Nestle opens third factory in Dubai Oman's TRA to announce third mobile operator Danube sees demand for more projects: Group chairman Dubai airports likely to see 100m passengers in 2017 Danube sees demand for more projects: Group chairman Law to allow expats to own property in Oman awaits approval Misr Italia buys land for $113.8mln at Egypt's new capital site DAMAC predicts Dubai property supply rise as market turns corner China's Norinco and Saudi Aramco line up $10bln refinery plan Turkey's TAV talking with banks to finance development of Saudi airports UAE's TALEX in talks with banks for working capital facility Saudi's KAEC Industrial Valley Phase 3 development to cost $35mln Oman: Major role for investment funds in Solar PV project Glencore, Carlyle team up to rescue bankrupt Moroccan refinery Egypt's Sisi: Newly-discovered oil fields to save about $3.6bln yearly Egypt will make $750mln debt payment to oil companies on June 1 Turkey's TAV seeks $250mln bank loan for Saudi airports Noon.com 'on track' to launch this year: Alabbar Egypt central bank to cancel $100,000 individual bank transfer limit Saudi sale of the century lures foreign banks, private equity Bank Muscat's Meethaq to float OMR25m sukuk on May 21 Qatar Islamic Bank sets final spread for dollar sukuk Qatar Islamic Bank gives initial price guidance for dollar sukuk Qatar International Islamic Bank appoints banks for dollar sukuk Oman's TRA to announce third mobile operator Noon.com 'on track' to launch this year: Alabbar Facebook adds Snapchat-like camera filters to Instagram UK's Notion increased funding for EU software start-ups Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudis may have option to work on hourly basis Top Saudi businessmen upbeat over Trump's visit U.S. signs new defense accord with UAE Open data to add $2.83bln annually to Dubai’s economy U.S. signs new defense accord with UAE Saudi soldier killed, five wounded in restive Qatif province Noon.com 'on track' to launch this year: Alabbar Saudi sale of the century lures foreign banks, private equity Arab Bank settlement over attacks may hit snag in U.S. appeals court International Committee of Red Cross warns of total collapse in Gaza One in four children in Arab world live in poverty: UNICEF Lebanon FX reserves fine for now, future intervention possible Glencore, Carlyle team up to rescue bankrupt Moroccan refinery Egypt's Sisi: Newly-discovered oil fields to save about $3.6bln yearly Egypt central bank to cancel $100,000 individual bank transfer limit Egypt will make $750mln debt payment to oil companies on June 1 New Nestle CEO ditches elusive sales target US allies seen cooperating despite alleged Trump secrets leak Iran's re-engagement with the world at stake in Friday presidential vote Did North Korea play a role in global cyber-attacks? Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Gulf may follow crude oil, global shares down Iraq in favour of extending any OPEC-led oil output cut-PM Abadi Dubai DFM achieves 100% compliance in Q1 results disclosure Egypt central bank to cancel $100,000 individual bank transfer limit Gulf may follow crude oil, global shares down Dubai DFM achieves 100% compliance in Q1 results disclosure Emirates Transport announces profits of $50mln in 2016 Saudi sale of the century lures foreign banks, private equity Egypt to issue $1.5bln-$2bln Eurobond within one week Lebanon FX reserves fine for now, future intervention possible Dollar starts week under shadow of underwhelming data, N. Korea Palestinian officials hope to launch e-currency in 5 years Iraq in favour of extending any OPEC-led oil output cut-PM Abadi Oil drops on rising US crude inventory Iran likely to back longer OPEC-led oil cut if all on board China's Norinco and Saudi Aramco line up $10bln refinery plan Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law New Saudi GACA policies to protect rights of travelers Worker protests come down by two-third in Dubai Arab Bank settlement over attacks may hit snag in U.S. appeals court Top Bahrain activist denied bail - rights group New Saudi GACA policies to protect rights of travelers UAE's Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed meets Donald Trump at White House Saudi touts Trump's Islamic summit as "new partnership" Egypt official expects stock market stamp duty next month Top Bahrain activist denied bail - rights group UAE working to protect children from online threats Cyber attack could spark lawsuits but not against Microsoft UAE arrested 106 human traffickers last year Arab Bank settlement over attacks may hit snag in U.S. appeals court Law to allow expats to own property in Oman awaits approval UAE's Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed meets Donald Trump at White House Saudi launches pre-Ramadan inspection campaign More than 22,000 deported from Saudi Arabia in six months Dubai Crown Prince issues resolution regulating use of recreational motorcycles Drivers beware: New traffic rules, new fines in UAE soon Muslims abroad must respect local law on veils Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Dubai’s 3-day Super Sale begins on May 18 Pop star Katy Perry to join ABC's 'American Idol' reboot Tennis-No French Open wild card for snubbed Sharapova Ride-through cafe is home-from-home for Cairo bikers UAE ministry lays down rule for organ transplant Will UAE food import ban affect Ramadan? Yemen declares state of emergency in Sanaa over cholera Surgery won't help degenerative knee problems 180 Palestinian teachers vetted to work in Kuwait Excellent performance allowance: Kuwait hikes number of attendance days for teachers Despite low funding, literacy spread among women in past 50 years Pricey schools in Dubai indifferent to new parents: Survey Dubai’s 3-day Super Sale begins on May 18 Ride-through cafe is home-from-home for Cairo bikers Ramadan Night Market starts on June 1 VAT may impact price strategy at GCC hotels New Saudi GACA policies to protect rights of travelers Ramadan Night Market starts on June 1 VAT may impact price strategy at GCC hotels Dubai plans $1.7bln tourist project on new artificial islands Pop star Katy Perry to join ABC's 'American Idol' reboot UAE, a magnet for Bollywood filmmakers Palestinian film festival opens in Gaza Oscars chief Boone Isaacs steps down from governors board Tennis-No French Open wild card for snubbed Sharapova NASCAR driver Almirola fractures back vertebra in crash Pakistan bowl out Windies in penultimate over to win series Olympics-Serena Williams, Biles join LA's 2024 Games bid Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Saudi Transformation Article equities Saudi sale of the century lures foreign investment banks, PE firms 16 May, 2017 Photo used for illustrative purpose only. Kingdom tower on December 22, 2009 in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Kingdom tower is a business and convention center, shoping mall and one of the main landmarks of Riyadh city. Photo used for illustrative purpose only. shutterstock By Saeed Azhar and Tom Arnold DUBAI, May 16 (Reuters) - One of the world's largest privatisation programmes is drawing foreign investment banks and private equity (PE) firms to Saudi Arabia, despite the prospect of low fees and an uncertain regulatory environment. KKR is among the U.S.-based PE firms joining regional companies such as Abu Dhabi's Gulf Capital in the search for opportunities from the government's plan to sell off around $200 billion in assets on top of a stake in oil giant Saudi Aramco. Banks are also beefing up their operations. Citigroup obtained a Saudi investment banking licence last month and Goldman Sachs is looking into obtaining a Saudi equities licence. Credit Suisse intends to apply for a full banking licence and JPMorgan is adding bankers. "We see a lot more opportunities in Saudi Arabia because for the first time the government is looking to partner with firms like ourselves and others," said Kaveh Samie, who heads the Middle East and North Africa region for KKR. Advertisement For decades, many foreign financial companies kept a minimal presence in Riyadh or shunned it entirely. They chased business related to Saudi Arabia's investment of billions of petrodollars abroad, but saw few opportunities in the Saudi domestic economy. The kingdom had a reputation for offering low fees to investment banks, while PE firms found few prospects in an economy dominated by wealthy state enterprises and family conglomerates which jealously guarded control of their assets. But the mood has begun changing since last year's announcement of a privatisation drive to help the economy diversify in an era of low oil prices. A vast range of assets will be offered via methods ranging from public offers of shares to PE deals. Vice economy minister Mohammed al-Tuwaijri told Reuters last month that Riyadh aimed to raise around $200 billion over several years - not including an expected tens of billions of dollars for the Saudi Aramco stake. Karim El Solh, chief executive of Abu Dhabi's Gulf Capital, said it had become more proactive seeking Saudi investments and its pipeline of potential deals had grown in three years. JPMorgan , which has around 70 bankers in Saudi Arabia, is adding about 10 across its investment banking, equities and custody businesses. "With economic transformation comes a need for transactional services, capital markets access and advice," said Sjoerd Leenart, JPMorgan's head of Middle East, Africa and Turkey. HSBC has made staffing changes to help its Saudi business, including the secondment last month of Samer Deghaili, co-head of equity capital markets in the region, to its Saudi subsidiary. OBSTACLES Foreign firms will still tread carefully in Saudi Arabia, and many may try to limit costs and risk by flying in staff from Dubai rather than basing personnel in Riyadh. Productivity levels among the local population are low and hiring foreigners has become increasingly difficult as Saudi Arabia restricts entry for workers. Also, some Westerners are reluctant to move there due to social restrictions. Investors have also been put off by the legal system which does not have laws on bankruptcy. The government has paid fees as low as 0.1 percentage point of deal value for past privatisations, compared to about 1 percent in developed markets. Riyadh is keen to show it is not being exploited by foreign firms, so fees may not rise much. But the volume of business - HSBC estimates 100 companies will be listed on the stock market in sectors including mining, healthcare and retail - is too large for bankers to neglect. "Saudi will be probably be a volumes market given the depth of the economy. Plus being the largest economy in the Gulf Cooperation Council, it is not one we can ignore," said Aasim Qureshi, managing director at QNB Capital, the investment banking arm of Qatar National Bank (QNB) . QNB said this month it plans to apply for a Saudi licence for its investment bank. One key for PE firms is how much control they will be given to manage their acquisitions. The government has not clarified its position on the size of stakes it will sell in state-owned companies but if it only sells minority stakes this could be unattractive for some PE firms as they generally like to have control. The government says it welcomes foreign investors but it could balk at measures they might take, such as staff cuts. "There is growing interest among GCC PEs in Saudi deals, but entering the kingdom is not easy for any PE firm, be it international or GCC," said one industry executive. "Most of the privatisations are expected in education and healthcare, and these sectors have strict national ownership rules." Nevertheless, many PE firms think there are bound to be lucrative deals given the wide range of sectors which Saudi Arabia's economic reforms aim to develop, including tourism, entertainment and auto manufacturing. "It is exactly the same kind of transformation that China and India went through," said Iqbal Khan, chief executive at Dubai's Fajr Capital. "We see this as a very big opportunity." (Editing by Andrew Torchia and Anna Willard) ((andrew.torchia@thomsonreuters.com; +9715 6681 7277; Reuters Messaging: andrew.torchia.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net)) © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: ipo financial services saudi arabia energy Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Sidra Appoints Abdulrazaq Al Kuwari as Chief of Corporate Services 29 minutes ago US's GE appoints KDU as value-added re seller for dynamic positioning systems to enhance marine operational efficiency KDU Worldwide reseller for product range of SeaStream and Sealyte dynamic positioning (DP) systems. 20 hours ago Barbara Bates takes reins as new Hotwire Group CEO 20 hours ago US's Welbilt kitchen equipment announces Vice President sales for EMEA Jean-Paul Roudier has been appointed as Vice President of Sales for the EMEA region. 2 days ago Oman's Ooredoo appoints New Chief business & wholesale Officer 2 days ago Atelier EPJ Food and Beverage appoints Ryan Hattingh as partner Ryan Hattingh joins Atelier EPJ as partner. 14 May 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
ALL SECTIONS Wednesday May 17, 2017 HIDE NEWS TOP STORIES NATIONAL WORLD NEWS PINOY ABROAD FEATURES OPINION EDITORIAL COLUMNS SOUNDBYTES LGUs NCR LUZON VIZAYAS MINDANAO BUSINESS CORPORATE ECONOMY & TRADE STOCKS MONEY AGRI & MINING POWER & TECH BIZ PLUS COLUMNS SPORTS BASKETBALL VOLLEYBALL FIGHTSPORTS ACTIVE SPORTS PLUS STUFFS COLUMNS ENTERTAINMENT TV & MOVIES CELEBRITY PROFILES MUSIC & CONCERTS DIGITAL MEDIA COLUMNS LIFESTYLE FOOD CULTURE & MEDIA FASHION HEALTH AND HOME LEISURE SHOPPING COLUMNS POP.LIFE NEWSMAKERS HANGOUTS A-POP POST ITS PERFORMANCES MALLS & BAZAARS HOBBIES & COLLECTIONS TECHNOLOGY GADGETS COMPUTERS BUSINESS TECH PLUS WHEELS & MORE SEDAN SUV TRUCK BIKE ACCESSORIES MOTORING PLUS COMMUTER'S CORNER HOME & DESIGN RESIDENTIAL COMMERCIAL CONSTRUCTION INTERIOR SPOTLIGHT GALLERY PHOTOS VIDEOS EVENTS SEMINARS EXHIBITS COMMUNITY ADVERTISE WITH US The Standard NEWS OPINION LGUs BUSINESS SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE POP.LIFE TECHNOLOGY WHEELS & MORE HOME & DESIGN SPOTLIGHT GALLERY EVENTS Advertise With Us ALL SECTIONS Wednesday May 17, 2017 Advertisement Home   /   BUSINESS   /   BIZ PLUS JPMorgan moving to Dublin on Brexit posted May 16, 2017 at 08:16 pm by  AFP DUBLIN, Ireland―JPMorgan on Monday announced a deal to buy a bigger Dublin office to accommodate more than 1,000 employees as the US banking giant seeks to relocate London staff over Brexit. The bank, which employs 500 people in the Irish capital, had already said that it would relocate hundreds of workers from London to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg because of Britain’s vote in favor of exiting the European Union.  “Dublin has the vibrant business and technology communities that suit a global firm like ours,” Carin Bryans, senior country officer for JPMorgan in Ireland, said in a statement Monday.  “Given the momentum of our local businesses, this new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union.” Britain’s financial sector fears the loss of “passporting” rights that allow EU member states to trade across national borders. US investment bank Goldman Sachs and HSBC have also spoken of switching staff out of London because of Brexit. On the other hand, Germany’s Deutsche Bank recently picked a site for its new British headquarters, highlighting its commitment to London. A consortium comprising Kennedy Wilson, Fairfax Financial Holdings and Irish state-run National Asset Management Agency on Monday said that it had sold the 12,000 square-meter Capital Dock office building, due for completion in the final quarter of 2018, for an undisclosed amount. “We are excited to welcome JPMorgan, through its acquisition of 200 Capital Dock, as the first major office occupier to commit to this best-in-class, mixed-use, campus development, to grow its existing business and meet its long-term plans in Ireland,” said William McMorrow, chairperson and CEO of property group Kennedy Wilson. The Irish government welcomed the deal, describing it as “a huge vote of confidence in our economic policies.” “This announcement by a leading investment bank will create a large number of high-quality jobs and this is very positive and very welcome,” Minister for Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation Mary Mitchell O’Connor said in a statement.  Topics: JPMorgan , Dublin , Ireland , Brexit , Britain , European Union Related stories: Gift of training uplifts 3 individuals Bayan Academy, JPMorgan boost Filipino animators’ skills More from this Category: Coca-Cola FEMSA withdraws court petition, seeks win-win solution  Govt opens rice imports to foreign private firms Bangko Sentral warns banks against ransomware attacks COMMENT DISCLAIMER: Reader comments posted on this Web site are not in any way endorsed by The Standard. Comments are views by thestandard.ph readers who exercise their right to free expression and they do not necessarily represent or reflect the position or viewpoint of thestandard.ph. While reserving this publication’s right to delete comments that are deemed offensive, indecent or inconsistent with The Standard editorial standards, The Standard may not be held liable for any false information posted by readers in this comments section. Share this story: facebook twitter email print Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement LATEST NEWS TRENDING Michael Moore filming new documentary on Donald Trump  0 |  1 hour ago High crime rate a shadow over Caribbean tourism: study  0 |  1 hour ago Trump defends 'absolute right' to share 'facts' with Russia  0 |  1 hour ago Jimmy Kimmel to return as Oscars host  0 |  1 hour ago Ubial faces opposition during confirmation hearing  0 |  2 hours ago NBA: Warriors coach Brown stopped by traffic cops  0 |  2 hours ago PAGASA: Weather to remain hot and humid despite some rains  0 |  2 hours ago Curry shines as Warriors crush Spurs, lead series 2-0  0 |  3 hours ago UN Arbitral Tribunal’s ruling won’t be raised in PH-China talks  0 |  3 hours ago Cayetano to deliver farewell speech in Senate after getting CA nod  0 |  4 hours ago More On Latest News TOP STORIESWarning on P8-t buildup ignored Govt counsel vows to unmask Noy's 'daan'  0 |  3 days ago Sino loan to finance weapons’ buy—DND  0 |  1 day ago ICC: The real audience  0 |  1 day ago Duterte can deliver on promises—SWS  0 |  3 days ago Mindanao veteran new AFP chief  0 |  4 days ago A tale of two Ombudsmen  0 |  15 hours ago Sereno, the law, and creeping impunity  0 |  4 days ago First of many: The ASEAN RoRo launch  0 |  2 days ago Gaming lord owes P25-b taxes—PCSO  0 |  4 days ago Advertisement STAY TUNED Be the first to recieve the latest news. Follow @MStandardToday Manila Standard 6th Floor Universal Re Bldg., 106 Paseo De Roxas cor. Perea Street, Legaspi Village, 1226 Makati City Philippines Trunklines: 832-5554, 832-5556, 832-5558 QUICK LINKS Home Mobile About Us Advertise Contact Info Privacy Policy Link Policy User Agreement Article Index Subscribe SECTIONS NEWS OPINION LGUs BUSINESS SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE POP.LIFE TECHNOLOGY WHEELS & MORE HOME & DESIGN SPOTLIGHT GALLERY EVENTS FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Don't worry we also hate spam just like you. © 2017 manilastandard.net. All rights reserved.Powered by LEENTech Network Solutions
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Kapil Mishra Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Donald Trump News Business MIDEAST MONEY-Saudi sale of the century lures foreign investment banks, PE firms Shares1 Tue, 16 May 2017-05:47pm , Reuters One of the world's largest privatisation programmes is drawing foreign investment banks and private equity (PE) firms to Saudi Arabia, despite the prospect of low fees and an uncertain regulatory environment. KKR is among the U.S.-based PE firms joining regional companies such as Abu Dhabi's Gulf Capital in the search for opportunities from the government's plan to sell off around $200 billion in assets on top of a stake in oil giant Saudi Aramco. Banks are also beefing up their operations. Citigroup obtained a Saudi investment banking licence last month and Goldman Sachs is looking into obtaining a Saudi equities licence. Credit Suisse intends to apply for a full banking licence and JPMorgan is adding bankers. "We see a lot more opportunities in Saudi Arabia because for the first time the government is looking to partner with firms like ourselves and others," said Kaveh Samie, who heads the Middle East and North Africa region for KKR. For decades, many foreign financial companies kept a minimal presence in Riyadh or shunned it entirely. They chased business related to Saudi Arabia's investment of billions of petrodollars abroad, but saw few opportunities in the Saudi domestic economy. The kingdom had a reputation for offering low fees to investment banks, while PE firms found few prospects in an economy dominated by wealthy state enterprises and family conglomerates which jealously guarded control of their assets. But the mood has begun changing since last year's announcement of a privatisation drive to help the economy diversify in an era of low oil prices. A vast range of assets will be offered via methods ranging from public offers of shares to PE deals. Vice economy minister Mohammed al-Tuwaijri told Reuters last month that Riyadh aimed to raise around $200 billion over several years - not including an expected tens of billions of dollars for the Saudi Aramco stake. (For a list of privatisations underway, click ) Karim El Solh, chief executive of Abu Dhabi's Gulf Capital, said it had become more proactive seeking Saudi investments and its pipeline of potential deals had grown in three years. JPMorgan, which has around 70 bankers in Saudi Arabia, is adding about 10 across its investment banking, equities and custody businesses. "With economic transformation comes a need for transactional services, capital markets access and advice," said Sjoerd Leenart, JPMorgan's head of Middle East, Africa and Turkey. HSBC has made staffing changes to help its Saudi business, including the secondment last month of Samer Deghaili, co-head of equity capital markets in the region, to its Saudi subsidiary. OBSTACLES Foreign firms will still tread carefully in Saudi Arabia, and many may try to limit costs and risk by flying in staff from Dubai rather than basing personnel in Riyadh. Productivity levels among the local population are low and hiring foreigners has become increasingly difficult as Saudi Arabia restricts entry for workers. Also, some Westerners are reluctant to move there due to social restrictions. Investors have also been put off by the legal system which does not have laws on bankruptcy. The government has paid fees as low as 0.1 percentage point of deal value for past privatisations, compared to about 1 percent in developed markets. Riyadh is keen to show it is not being exploited by foreign firms, so fees may not rise much. But the volume of business - HSBC estimates 100 companies will be listed on the stock market in sectors including mining, healthcare and retail - is too large for bankers to neglect. "Saudi will be probably be a volumes market given the depth of the economy. Plus being the largest economy in the Gulf Cooperation Council, it is not one we can ignore," said Aasim Qureshi, managing director at QNB Capital, the investment banking arm of Qatar National Bank (QNB). QNB said this month it plans to apply for a Saudi licence for its investment bank. One key for PE firms is how much control they will be given to manage their acquisitions. The government has not clarified its position on the size of stakes it will sell in state-owned companies but if it only sells minority stakes this could be unattractive for some PE firms as they generally like to have control. The government says it welcomes foreign investors but it could balk at measures they might take, such as staff cuts. "There is growing interest among GCC PEs in Saudi deals, but entering the kingdom is not easy for any PE firm, be it international or GCC," said one industry executive. "Most of the privatisations are expected in education and healthcare, and these sectors have strict national ownership rules." Nevertheless, many PE firms think there are bound to be lucrative deals given the wide range of sectors which Saudi Arabia's economic reforms aim to develop, including tourism, entertainment and auto manufacturing. "It is exactly the same kind of transformation that China and India went through," said Iqbal Khan, chief executive at Dubai's Fajr Capital. "We see this as a very big opportunity." (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < Check Pic: Deepika Padukone ARRIVES in Cannes for her debut Cannes Red Carpet!   Comments   Also Read Business Forbes Global Game Changers: Mukesh Ambani tops the list Business DNA Money Edit: Focus on electric vehicles a step in right direction Business Luxury apartments in Mumbai record 1.1% price growth Business Avoid ques, reduce turnaround time by claiming EPF online Business Biyani's fbb first Indian retail brand to venture overseas Business Where viewers go, brands will follow < Previous ArticleNext Article > Check Pic: Deepika Padukone ARRIVES in Cannes for her debut Cannes Red Carpet! Live Cricket Score Bangladesh vs New Zealand Wed, 17 May 2017, 03:15 PM IST Related HSBC wins mandate for $100 billion Saudi Aramco IPO: CEO Indians spent over Rs 21,000 crore buying property in UAE in 2016 India gaining at global energy market, to replace Russia as third largest refiner: IEA Video WATCH| World's first drone jump: Latvian skydiver takes drone 1,082 feet into the air before diving WATCH | Silk Road Summit: Putin plays anthems of Russia's capitals on piano at China Premier Xi's residence WATCH: DNA plays Antakshari with Meri Pyaari Bindu stars Ayushmann Khurrana and Parineeti Chopra View all Tags Saudi Arabia Riyadh Gulf Cooperation Council HSBC Middle East North Africa Saudi Aramco China Citigroup Credit Suisse Goldman Sachs Iqbal Khan Reuters Turkey PE KKR Qatar National Bank U. S. SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Gurgaon police announces Rs 2 lakh reward for gang-rape clues Gun battle underway near government and state TV compound in Nangarhar Projecting Pak as terrorism hub devoid of ground reality- Envoy CG ship evacuates injured crew member from motor tanker UK Labour's main union backer can't see party winning election -report Sport IPL 2017: Manoj Tiwari credits MS Dhoni's death-over heroics as turning point Cricket-Australia's Stoinis cleared for Champions Trophy Rugby-All Blacks confirm 2018 Japan test prior to Europe trip Soccer-Arsenal players keen on Sanchez stay, says Koscielny We have accomplished what teams across the world only dream of, says Misbah Entertainment Nach Baliye 8: Bharti Singh and Haarsh Limbaachiya EVICTED from the dance show! Salman charms with his innocence in 'The Radio Song' Check Pics: It's Deepika Padukone's FIRST DAY at Cannes and THIS is what the beauty is up to! Radhe Maa to play herself in her debut web series! Here's what Salman Khan has to say about the Radio Song from 'Tubelight' Money Ahead of IPO opening, India Grid Trust raises over Rs 1,012 crore from anchor investors Lendingkart Finance targets 300 pct growth by FY'18; aims nearly 650 cities Edelweiss Financial Q4 net rises 40 pc to Rs 170 cr Ezetap named #16 on CNBC disruptor 50 list @ 5/17/2017 11:44:50 AM Relief for employees? IBM India denies 'rumours' of mass layoffs Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad MIDEAST MONEY-Saudi sale of the century lures foreign investment banks, PE firms By Reuters Published: 08:11 EDT, 16 May 2017 | Updated: 08:11 EDT, 16 May 2017 e-mail By Saeed Azhar and Tom Arnold DUBAI, May 16 (Reuters) - One of the world's largest privatisation programmes is drawing foreign investment banks and private equity (PE) firms to Saudi Arabia, despite the prospect of low fees and an uncertain regulatory environment. KKR is among the U.S.-based PE firms joining regional companies such as Abu Dhabi's Gulf Capital in the search for opportunities from the government's plan to sell off around $200 billion in assets on top of a stake in oil giant Saudi Aramco. Banks are also beefing up their operations. Citigroup obtained a Saudi investment banking licence last month and Goldman Sachs is looking into obtaining a Saudi equities licence. Credit Suisse intends to apply for a full banking licence and JPMorgan is adding bankers. "We see a lot more opportunities in Saudi Arabia because for the first time the government is looking to partner with firms like ourselves and others," said Kaveh Samie, who heads the Middle East and North Africa region for KKR. For decades, many foreign financial companies kept a minimal presence in Riyadh or shunned it entirely. They chased business related to Saudi Arabia's investment of billions of petrodollars abroad, but saw few opportunities in the Saudi domestic economy. The kingdom had a reputation for offering low fees to investment banks, while PE firms found few prospects in an economy dominated by wealthy state enterprises and family conglomerates which jealously guarded control of their assets. But the mood has begun changing since last year's announcement of a privatisation drive to help the economy diversify in an era of low oil prices. A vast range of assets will be offered via methods ranging from public offers of shares to PE deals. Vice economy minister Mohammed al-Tuwaijri told Reuters last month that Riyadh aimed to raise around $200 billion over several years - not including an expected tens of billions of dollars for the Saudi Aramco stake. (For a list of privatisations underway, click ) Karim El Solh, chief executive of Abu Dhabi's Gulf Capital, said it had become more proactive seeking Saudi investments and its pipeline of potential deals had grown in three years. JPMorgan, which has around 70 bankers in Saudi Arabia, is adding about 10 across its investment banking, equities and custody businesses. "With economic transformation comes a need for transactional services, capital markets access and advice," said Sjoerd Leenart, JPMorgan's head of Middle East, Africa and Turkey. HSBC has made staffing changes to help its Saudi business, including the secondment last month of Samer Deghaili, co-head of equity capital markets in the region, to its Saudi subsidiary. OBSTACLES Foreign firms will still tread carefully in Saudi Arabia, and many may try to limit costs and risk by flying in staff from Dubai rather than basing personnel in Riyadh. Productivity levels among the local population are low and hiring foreigners has become increasingly difficult as Saudi Arabia restricts entry for workers. Also, some Westerners are reluctant to move there due to social restrictions. Investors have also been put off by the legal system which does not have laws on bankruptcy. The government has paid fees as low as 0.1 percentage point of deal value for past privatisations, compared to about 1 percent in developed markets. Riyadh is keen to show it is not being exploited by foreign firms, so fees may not rise much. But the volume of business - HSBC estimates 100 companies will be listed on the stock market in sectors including mining, healthcare and retail - is too large for bankers to neglect. "Saudi will be probably be a volumes market given the depth of the economy. Plus being the largest economy in the Gulf Cooperation Council, it is not one we can ignore," said Aasim Qureshi, managing director at QNB Capital, the investment banking arm of Qatar National Bank (QNB). QNB said this month it plans to apply for a Saudi licence for its investment bank. One key for PE firms is how much control they will be given to manage their acquisitions. The government has not clarified its position on the size of stakes it will sell in state-owned companies but if it only sells minority stakes this could be unattractive for some PE firms as they generally like to have control. The government says it welcomes foreign investors but it could balk at measures they might take, such as staff cuts. "There is growing interest among GCC PEs in Saudi deals, but entering the kingdom is not easy for any PE firm, be it international or GCC," said one industry executive. "Most of the privatisations are expected in education and healthcare, and these sectors have strict national ownership rules." Nevertheless, many PE firms think there are bound to be lucrative deals given the wide range of sectors which Saudi Arabia's economic reforms aim to develop, including tourism, entertainment and auto manufacturing. "It is exactly the same kind of transformation that China and India went through," said Iqbal Khan, chief executive at Dubai's Fajr Capital. "We see this as a very big opportunity." (Editing by Andrew Torchia and Anna Willard) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS She certainly has a type! Taylor Swift has been 'secretly dating' rising star Joe Alwyn for months... after doomed romance from fellow Brit Tom Hiddleston PICTURED: Anna Friel, 40, getting close with Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23, at TV BAFTAs... amid reports the duo shared 'electric chemistry' Incredible shrinking man: Brad Pitt looks thinner than ever in oversized suit as he poses next to Netflix exec at War Machine premiere in NYC 'These are actually Cheryl's trousers!': Liam Payne confesses the £1,500 designer gear he is wearing belong to his 'fashionista' girlfriend 'Sex addict' Scott Disick, 33, takes Bella Thorne, 19, to dinner then whisks her off to two hot spots... as Kourtney Kardashian gets closer to a model   10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED Meet Taylor Swift's new beau Joe Alwyn: The London-born rising star who has won over big-name directors with his 'disarming humility'... and still lives at home  Pretty in pink! Kourtney Kardashian wears casual hoodie with sky high heels as she takes son Mason out in Beverly Hills Miley Cyrus shows off toned tummy in black crop top and tight jeans while promoting her new album... after revealing Katy Perry is her oldest friend Having a spliff-ing time! Khloe Kardashian 'WAS holding marijuana joint on Costa Rica episode of KUWTK' Supposedly a non-smoker  Rita Ora commands attention in striking black evening dress ahead of ABC presentation... as she is unveiled as host of new talent show Boy Band Mark Ronson and wife Josephine de La Baume 'divorce after five and a half years together... citing irreconcilable differences as reason for their split' 'There's real chemistry': Coronation Street's Daniel Brocklebank 'is dating co-star Rob Mallard'... after duo sweep LGBT Award arm-in-arm MIC's Louise Thompson continues to exhibit envy-inducing abs in yet ANOTHER bikini-clad snap taken from her sixth holiday in just five months Eva Longoria oozes golden glamour in dazzling flapper-style frock as she leads superstar red carpet arrivals at her Parisian Global Gift Gala Age-defying Pamela Anderson, 49, goes braless as she teases abs and famous cleavage in chic separates at Global Gift Gala in Paris Recovered from the weekend? Anna Friel, 40, looks spring-chic in flowing floral dress... after getting close with Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23 Sex acts on TV, rehab, boozy hot tub antics: WILD reality stars Frankie Cocozza, Charlotte Dawson and James Argent join Celebs Go Dating Something to tell us? Liam Payne calls Cheryl his WIFE during radio interview... as he speaks about dealing with 'diaper duty' following birth of baby son Bear Back on the battlefield! Michelle Keegan returns as Lance Corporal Georgie Lane in first glimpse at Our Girl series three... as show is expanded  'She was suddenly removed from the plane': Danniella Westbrook 'KICKED OFF a flight to Spain after altercation with a stag party onboard' 'I'm happy when things are simple': Anne Hathaway reveals she is more 'satisfied' with life since welcoming son Jonathan She's loving motherhood 'J-Lo would marry A-Rod if he asked': Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are 'already talking marriage' after two months of dating Is she finally dating? Caitlyn Jenner heads out for coffee in Malibu with mystery blonde Caitlyn Jenner, 67, looked like she was enjoying some company on Tuesday  Bumping along! Pregnant Whitney Port shows off her growing baby belly as she runs errands in LA...and complains about her swollen feet Former EastEnders star Samantha Womack ditches the glamour in favour of tattered jeans and a tee as she wraps up performance in The Addams Family Musical Megan McKenna 'scoops reality show documenting attempt at COUNTRY music career'... after failed bids for singing stardom on TOWIE, BGT and two-time X Factor try Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves arrives for consultation at Harley Street... after being refused risky operation to alter his eye colour in India She's doing something white! Kady McDermott flaunts her enviably toned physique in racy plunging swimsuit as she documents sexy photo shoot SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt is urged into a sordid threesome by paedophile boyfriend Nathan Curtis... after severing ties with worried mother Sarah on Coronation Street Busty Lisa Snowdon looks more loved-up than ever with fiancé George Smart as they make stylish arrival at the House of Fraser AW17 press day James 'Arg' Argent continues to display his slimmer physique... as he makes an unlikely entrance at A-list film screening attended by Naomi Campbell  Always chic! Cindy Crawford hits fashion high note in sophisticated figure-hugging black dress at LA bash World's top model Jessica Simpson's father Joe is 'free of prostate cancer' six months after diagnosis was confirmed He had radiation treatment in February 'He is gutted': Anton du Beke is 'disappointed he was overlooked' for Strictly head judge role in favour of Shirley Ballas... as he felt 'the panel needed a Brit' Amicable exes! Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana sent singer 100 flowers for her 51st birthday Need a training day? Denzel Washington is unrecognizable in what appears to be a fat suit on set of new movie The 62-year-old was almost unrecognisable Do you have a permit? Kanye West resurfaces in Malibu and parks in handicap spot... after spending weeks in Wyoming mountains Making the cut! Vanessa Hudgens shows off tum in striped crop top while leaving hair salon after chopping her dark locks Katy Perry CONFIRMS she will become a judge on American Idol reboot adding she's 'honored' to be a part of the iconic show Giving her lip! Black-ish star Anthony Anderson smooches on-screen wife Tracee Ellis Ross' shoulder at ABC Upfront event in New York Hailee Steinfeld flashes flesh in semi-sheer cutout dress at Billboard's Women in Music event Epitome of sophistication on the night Feeding us The Leftovers! Jimmy Kimmel and Justin Theroux team up to create new live show reviving classic sitcom scripts 'We were all Edward Norton the whole time': Brad Pitt and Stephen Colbert contemplate existential conundrums on the Late Show Feeling contemplative 'He was drugged up': Eamonn Holmes admits he had believed Ruth Langsford was an angel after waking up from his gruelling double hip replacement White hot! Shanina Shaik flaunts taut torso in flirty two-piece at reality star Nicole Williams' bridal shower White to a bridal shower in West Hollywood  Star in stripes! Christina Milian cuts a stylish figure emerging from Nicole Williams' bridal shower Leaving Hyde Sunset Kitchen + Cocktails She's not shy! Samara Weaving STRIPS DOWN to lingerie in Charlie Puth's steamy music video... weeks after denying nude photo leak Recent nude photo leak 'I just like this better': Gwyneth Paltrow explains why she put acting career on hold to dedicate time to her lifestyle empire Goop Business empire Sex abuse story that's relentless, brutal and - tragically - 100% true: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  Salma Hayek shows off quirky style in structured leather jacket and green plaid skirt as she arrives at P. Diddy film screening in London And so it begins! Emily Ratajkowski flashes her abs in tiny black crop top as she leads the A-list arrivals in Nice ahead of the 70th Cannes Film Festival Ellie Goulding steals the show in daring hotpants as she delivers energetic performance at Moroccan music festival Beauty in blue! Youthful Naomi Watts, 48, shows off her slender figure in silk dress as she heads to New York gala Alesha Dixon wows in tight green vest with her black lacy bra on show as she gets cosy with boyfriend Azuka Ononye at Can't Stop, Won't Stop, A Bad Boy Story film screening Naomi Campbell looks chic in semi-sheer lace top and black trouser suit as she supports friend P. Diddy at star-studded London screening of his documentary film What a difference a wig makes! Penelope Cruz gets into character as Donatella Versace with help of long hairpiece on American Crime Story set Pretty in peach! Demi Lovato hits the runway in trenchcoat with matching silk midi skirt at LAX His clothes are too big now! Newly slender Brad Pitt swims in his togs as he hits The Late Show... after denying he is 'suicidal' after Angelina split Lucky girl! Gina Rodriguez is gorgeous in green as she arrives for talk show appearance... before cuddling up to fellow guest Brad Pitt Their hips don't lie! Shakira and Becky G flash the flesh at Univision's 2017 Upfront in NYC The 40-year-old singer showcased her stunning figure  Oops they did it again! Britney Spears' sons spook her with another on-camera prank  Jayden, 10 and Sean Preston, 11, teamed up to scare their mum Regrets! Kim Kardashian swears off pizza and ice cream after epic chow down with Jonathan Cheban in NYC as she's back to working out in LA Kerry Washington sizzles in bold red and hot pink mini dress...as it's revealed why Shonda Rhimes decided it was time to end Scandal Casual cool! Margot Robbie gives a peek at her toned tum in white crop top and patchwork denim as she hits market in Hawaii Poppy Delevingne swaps her glamour for varsity jacket as she and husband James Cook casually celebrate their wedding anniversary at P. Diddy film screening Supermodel Winnie Harlow oozes elegance in silk robe layered over a tiny bralet for P Diddy film screening Heating things up! Hollywood heartthrob Zac Efron arrives in Sydney with co-star Alexandra Daddario ahead of Baywatch film premiere In her party dress! Mandy Moore sports flirty animal print skirt and chic black blouse at star-studded bash The 33-year-old cut a seriously stylish figure Ricky Martin takes a break from American Crime Story set as he shows off banging body in tiny swim shorts Thrones fit for (the sister of) a Queen! If you thought bride-to-be Pippa's £100,000 glass marquee was over the top, wait until you see the luxury PORTALOOS at her £330,000 wedding Pippa is set to wear her hair up for the big day - with the help of Kate's personal hairdresser  She's got a lot to smile about! Reese Witherspoon looks summer ready in jeans and a floral top from her clothing line Draper James 'South Africa is incredible!' VIP Justin Bieber SKIPS line at Table Mountain's Cableway in Cape Town Gigi Hadid's stalker grins in court two years after his repeated attempts to break into supermodel's NYC pad forced her to sell the $2.5M property  Lily Collins explains how her role as an anorexia sufferer enabled her to see how she looked to others when she struggled with the disorder in the past  Roseanne Barr reunites with TV husband John Goodman as reboot of classic show is announced Celebrated its revival in style Roseanne reboot featuring Barr, John Goodman and Sara Gilbert officially greenlit for eight episodes at ABC Bethenny Frankel called the Real Housewives of Atlanta reunion 'disgusting' and 'gross' Cold-shoulder chic! Jenna Dewan dazzles in cut-out top and midi skirt for New York outing The actress is currently doing promotional rounds  'I've actually kissed many of these people!' Katy Perry reveals 'who she would rather' in a Hollywood matchmaker game on Ellen Hollywood's main men 'She's always watching': Liam Payne confirms to fans that the tattoo on his arm IS of Cheryl's eye... after revealing true feelings on baby Bear's name On his best behaviour! Queen Mathilde gives son Prince Emmanuel a stern look as he accompanies her to a cello competition in Belgium Her royal shyness! Crown Princess Mary reduces a nervous toddler to tears as she attends the opening of a food centre in Aarhus Series creator Shonda Rhimes confirms Scandal will end after seven seasons but promises they will 'leave nothing on the table' Dancing With The Stars pro Anna Trebunskaya reveals she is expecting a baby boy with boyfriend Nevin Millan Harry Judd's pregnant wife Izzy shares sweet snap of her daughter pecking her growing bump during their first family holiday 'The men were getting paid more': Kirsten Dunst reflects on Spider-Man salary and reveals was asked to lose weight for her latest movie role The jury's out! Jessica Chastain complements her trademark flame-red tresses with chic crimson gown as she joins fellow Cannes judges for lunch  'Everybody knows you make the best actors': Jeff Goldblum praises stars Down Under as actor says Australia produces the greatest talent Robin Thicke vs. stepmom: Alan Thicke's sons go to war with late actor's wife as they claim she's threatening them with bad press to get more of his estate Tyga's rumoured former fling Demi Rose flaunts her ample cleavage in an array of raunchy skin-flashing snaps Left it seductively open Kim Kardashian's assistant says Kris Jenner 'can get on the phone and change the world' and admits she once ran all over San Francisco looking for a CARD GAME for Kanye Cigs And The City: Bella Hadid smokes cigarettes as she flashes a rare smile while dining at Eden Roc in France She's arrived for Cannes That's not A$AP! Kendall Jenner leaves cosy Italian restaurant with mystery man after partying with rapper Rocky at West Hollywood club 'Bad human kill apes': Gun-toting Woody Harrelson attacks apes as epic violence erupts in War For The Planet Of The Apes final trailer 'She's the sweetest!' Holly Willoughby gets broody as she cradles First Dates' first baby... as she admits being a mum made it hard to have date nights Brooklyn Beckham displays his typically grungy style in a beanie and gold chain as he larks around with crew members outside a photo shoot in London Elle Fanning dazzles in sparkly statement shades as she goes makeup-free for her arrival in Nice ahead of the Cannes Film Festival So much for basic black and white! Ariel Winter steps out in a tight structured bodice as she heads to a daytime meeting He's not called Harry STYLES for nothing! FEMAIIL breaks down the summer fashion trends and tricks inspired by the solo-going One Direction star Feisty Emma Stone serves up plenty of feminist spirit as tennis hero Billie Jean King in new trailer for Battle Of The Sexes with Steve Carell 'She's the ultimate pop star': Miley Cyrus gushes about little sister Noah as she cuts stylish figure in midi dress and fedora Rebellious years gone Girls just wanna have fun! Love Island's Katie Salmon and Ex On The Beach's ZaraLena Jackson flaunt their enviable figures in TINY beachwear as they put on a racy display in Ibiza Tallia Storm displays her fit physique in a patterned blue bikini as she her sun-soaked getaway to Ibiza continues In shape Imogen Thomas showcases her ample assets and endless curves in sizzling plunging black bikini in sultry Instagram snap Taking a break from mom duties! Irina Shayk touches her tummy two months after welcoming baby with Bradley Cooper as she's seen solo in NYC Don't stop 'til you get enough (coffee): Paris Jackson cuts a casual figure with a friend in LA after stunning on Teen Vogue cover Curvy Amber Rose causes a commotion in a LBD in Miami... but then opts for a relaxed look to jet back to LA Bill Cosby says he will NOT testify at his upcoming sexual assault trial next month, saying he's worried he might mess up his own defense while being questioned Only the best! Kylie Jenner, 19, rents stunning clifftop mansion in Beverly Hills for $125k a month She's renting out a property while she gets work done  'She's just as bad as he is': Courtney Love gets murdered by her sons in first Menendez: Blood Brothers trailer Jude Law's limited series The Young Pope gets spinoff as HBO greenlights The New Pope HBO has ordered a follow-up to acclaimed limited series She sure looks happy to be with the guy! Drew Barrymore beams in NYC with ex-husband Will Kopelman... after honoring him on Mother's Day New mum Paloma Faith goes casual in flared jeans and a maroon jacket as she steps out for solo stroll... five months after giving birth to daughter Lorde dons Dior and Daisy Dukes in ELLE... and reveals Kiwi pals call her a 'weird old dowager with a nice house' Is THIS Pippa's wedding dress? Stylists are seen arriving at the bride-to-be's house carrying white garment bags - and the Duchess' hairdresser is there too Royals turn out for Queen's first garden party of the season - as Kate reveals she's 'nervous' about how George and Charlotte will behave at her sister's wedding  Private Moss! Model Kate channels a military vibe in khaki green as she steps out in London... after rare insight into romance with beau Nikolai  'I'm back in my skinny jeans': Billie Faiers credits her post-baby weight-loss to breastfeeding as she snaps back into shape just 10 weeks after birth 'It was an internal battle': Liam Payne, 23, on why Cheryl, 33, chose 'Bear' when he 'wasn't really having it'... as he reveals baby's secret middle name 'Who knew there were so many eligible bachelors?' Tinashe shows off her abs and ample assets in racy crop top as she admits she's on the look out for love during candid Radio 1 interview Fashion favourite Alexa Chung is 'dropped' as the face of Longchamp due to her association with 'countless other brands' She wears heels everywhere! Hilaria Baldwin poses on a slide with four-inch pumps as she plays at NYC park with Alec and her three kids 'She's feeling terrible': Pregnant Danielle Lloyd 'has been forced to clear her schedule after being left bed-ridden by gestational diabetes' She's suffering She Cannes do no wrong! Bella Hadid dazzles in a silver jacket and chic patchwork jeans as she makes a stylish arrival at Film Festival in France  Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves shares a kiss with female companion during night out... after doctor rejects his bid to alter eye colour in India Jimmy Kimmel will return as host of 90th Academy Awards for second consecutive year... as comedian is lauded as 'one of the finest emcees in Oscar history' Saving the glamour for Cannes! Make-up free Marion Cotillard does low-key chic in plaid shirt dress as she touches down in Nice for the film festival Wheelie not ideal! Kendall Jenner hilariously falls flat on her face after she takes a tumble off her bike in side-splitting social media clip 'It was beautiful': Newly engaged Emily VanCamp reveals fiance Josh Bowman proposed to her in the forest during a hike 'We were in nature' Workout hard with a vengeance! Scout Willis is trim toned and terrific as she heads to a pilates class in a stomach-flaunting look  Samantha Harris is closer to her dream job at Victoria's Secret as she prepares to model swimwear at Fashion Week... a year after reuniting with her jailbird husband Luke Hunt Made In Chelsea's Frankie Gaff flaunts her sensational figure in an array of skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sunshine in Dubai Romantic getaway  'Enjoy the book, you're the one writing it': Jon Bon Jovi surprises New Jersey college graduates with live commencement show Scott Disick enjoys a night out with gorgeous rumoured girlfriend Ella Ross... after admitting he is a 'f**ked up sex addict' Partying hard, again Vogue Williams poses in a tiny white bikini to lament her 'post holiday blues' as she continues to hog the limelight in Pippa Middleton's wedding week 'We love you!': Teresa Giudice offers a prayer for RHONJ co-star Dina Manzo after she's beaten and bound during home invasion robbery Hayden Panettiere's childhood home goes on the market for $1.75M after parents' bitter divorce battle finally comes to an end Palisades, New York Ferry dramatic! Tom Cruise takes to the River Seine to shoot spectacular stunt sequence as he continues Mission Impossible 6 filming Hear her Roar! Katy Perry showcases her vocal abilities as she's spotted by a fan filming Carpool Karaoke alongside James Corden Made In Chelsea's Louise Thompson shows off tanned six-pack in a hot pink bikini as she enjoys her sixth holiday of the year in Mexico Make-up free Nigella Lawson shows off her svelte frame and tiny waist as she goes low-key in all black for a stroll  Effortlessly chic Did Trump steal from Legally Blonde? Jimmy Fallon compares president's motivational commencement address to Elle Woods' speech in spoof  'I want to conceive on Joey's day release': 'Celibate' Lauren Goodger is planning a baby with jailbird beau BEFORE 2018 and says she 'doesn't go out' EastEnders star Lacey Turner gets huge elephant tattoo on her spine... and shares the painful process on social media A long session  Topless Chantelle Connelly and Jemma Lucy get VERY hands-on as they pucker up for a passionate kiss in the shower on Spanish sunshine break Jet setter! Eva Longoria dresses down for her flight to Paris to host Global Gift Gala Celebrating her first anniversary with third husband José Make-up free Patsy Palmer looks sartorially savvy in chunky shawl and denims as she hits the town in London Duke of York's Theatre evening 'Another day another bikini': Former TOWIE bombshell Kate Wright flaunts her enviable figure and tiny waist in a coral two-piece Ferdinand's 'girlfriend' 'I was born with a platform, and I didn't want to waste it': Paris Jackson reveals why she's building a career in the public eye Modelling portfolio 'I eat chips for breakfast': Charlotte Dawson admits to VERY unhealthy diet and has nicknamed her chins Bob and Belinda after gorging on sweets Ivanka Trump barely cracks a smile as she steps out in a ladylike floral frock amid controversy about her dad sharing intelligence with Russia 'Don't give up. Don't quit. Persist!' Chelsea Clinton echoes mom Hillary's words as she encourages young women to play SPORTS and keep active 'Walking into adulthood': Tiffany Trump cheers on Ross Mechanic as he graduates from University of Pennsylvania A new Brand of man: Russell and his fiancée Laura Gallacher enjoy a stroll in New York with daughter Mabel   He's had a hedonistic past Who needs Orlando Bloom when you have Paris? Katy Perry parties at Ms Hilton's mansion with Bella Thorne, Sofia Richie and Iggy Azalea 'I don't want anything to ruin this time!' Pregnant Jennifer Metcalfe discusses welcoming her first child with 'best mate' Greg Lake 'Fashion should never make you feel bad!': Reese Witherspoon says 'rude, snotty' salespeople alienate shoppers... but her stores are 'fun' Bye bye, bling: The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell 'will need to RETURN her 95k engagement ring to ABC' following split from Ben Higgins 'You've got to earn this': Michael Phelps is put through his paces by Dwayne Johnson as he tries out for Baywatch in funny promo Funny clip  'Not a good example': Elle Macpherson urges Rosie Huntington-Whiteley to lose post-baby weight slowly after shedding hers in just THREE WEEKS Jamie O'Hara and bikini-clad girlfriend Elizabeth-Jayne Tierney can't keep their hands off one another as she frolics in a thong on the beach in Ibiza From lovers to friends! Former Geordie Shore star Vicky Pattison reunited with ex 'Fit Dan' Conn as he congratulates her on finding love 'I can't depend on Hollywood for jobs': Kim Cattrall, 60, hits out at ageism in the acting industry as she laments being cast as 'grotesque older women' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taylor Swift heads home to Nashville to visit her mother... as she's seen for the first time in three months after laying low Dodging the drama 'Your passing has left me destroyed forever but I know you are at peace': Rosario Dawson 'finds her 26-year-old cousin dead in her Los Angeles home' 'It's an emotional time for me': Love Island's Nathan Massey breaks his silence following ex-girlfriend Cara De La Hoyde's shock pregnancy news Red alert! Ravishing redheads Jessica Chastain, Julianne Moore and Susan Sarandon arrive for Cannes Film Festival in style J'Adore: Natalie Portman wears blue velvet gown as she cosies up to husband Benjamin Millepied at Dior perfume launch She's a new mum Ore Oduba and wife Portia can't contain their excitement as they jet off to Cannes for This Morning... days after his raucous night out with Laura Whitmore Prince of hearts! William follows in his mother's footsteps as he bonds with a six-year-old cancer patient on a visit to the Royal Marsden Hospital  Blooming lovely! Duchess of Cornwall is presented with a pretty bouquet as she joins Prince Charles on a visit to Oxford's historic covered market  'They need to do a whole reboot!' Paula Abdul rules out returning to American Idol Se will not be part of the ABC Network reboot SPOILER ALERT: Maria Connor and Aidan Turner caught leaving hotel after a secret tryst... as Eva Price finally finds out the truth on Coronation Street James Matthews apologises to an old lady after his dog relieves himself in the street... as Pippa's fiancé shows off a buff physique ahead of their wedding Slimmed down Blac Chyna flaunts her tiny waist and bodacious derriere in tiny pink skirt and matching cropped bomber for night out On her finest form 'He picks single mothers and vulnerable women': Heartbroken Josie Gibson lashes out at 'manipulative' ex Sam Player after discovering he 'cheated five times' Just the ticket! Emily MacDonagh, 27, sports leather trousers as she jets out of London with Peter Andre, 44... after admitting 'motherhood can be lonely' Here comes the A-list bridesmaid! Margot Robbie wears ethereal frock and flowers in her hair for best friend's wedding in Hawaii PICTURED: Zoe Ball picks up a coffee as she is seen for the first time since boyfriend Billy Yates was tragically found hanged at his home Victoria Beckham stuns in a loose patterned shirtdress before changing into chic velvet skirt as she turns heads at fashion launch in Hong Kong This is one you auto see! Harry Styles dons a brightly coloured shirt as he joins James Corden to announce brand new Carpool Karaoke session How Demelza gets her dazzle! £12,000 earrings, a VERY daring designer, scarlet hair dye - and ambition so fierce she bagged an agent at 11 'There was an electric chemistry between them': Anna Friel, 40, and Charlie Heaton, 23, 'couldn't keep their hands off each other' at TV BAFTAs 'It fizzled out': Cricket ace Stuart Broad 'splits' from lingerie model girlfriend Bealey Mitchell after three years of dating Split amicably 'Our thoughts are with David': Piers Morgan ridicules Beckham over King Arthur box office flop as he says his movie career has come to a 'shuddering halt' Grime superstar Stormzy donates £9,000 to an Oxford University student so she can go to Harvard... before her friends thank him with a Nando's  'Am I in heaven?': Model Taylor Hill shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini during beach break The 20-year-old model was in her element  'I did something unforgivable because I was out of my mind': Sinead O'Connor apologises for 'vicious' attack on family during breakdown 'He's destined for Hollywood': Charlie Higson praises 'fantastic' co-star James Norton as he discusses joining the cast of Grantchester Purple reign: Jennifer Hudson looks leggy in very short floral dress with plunging neckline for TV network junket Pulled out all the stops for the cameras 'It keeps my mind at ease': Pregnant Binky Felstead hits out at anti-exercise critics as she insists maintaining her fitness has helped her 'anxiety' Busty Bianca Gascoigne oozes glamour as she flaunts her more than ample assets in an extremely plunging bodycon dress for London night out Nicole Richie turns heads in a plunging white gown with thigh-high slit as she celebrates renewal of her brand new sitcom Great News 'Health is much more important than stuff': Joan Collins reveals how 'upsetting' she has found auctioning off $3m worth of her late sister Jackie's items Margot Robbie flaunts her toned pins in thigh-grazing bardot dress as she enjoys a helicopter ride with pals... following bridesmaid duties in Hawaii Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Trump burned by his devotion to Flynn White House rocked by allegation Trump tried to shut down FBI's Flynn probe North Korean hackers test China’s patience Trump's intelligence gaffe creates tension with Israel Will U.S. intelligence officials start holding back from Trump? ‘America’s reliability is now in question’ Politico Playbook POLITICO's must-read briefing on what's driving the day in Washington Get the Playbook Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print TRUMP’S WASHINGTON: ‘CHAOS AT ALL TIMES’ -- What Washington thinks Trump needs -- REPUBLICANS cool on Cornyn as FBI director -- BROOKS: When the world is led by a child -- B’DAY: Tucker Carlson By JAKE SHERMAN (sherman@politico.com; @JakeSherman) and ANNA PALMER (anna@politico.com; @apalmerdc) with DANIEL LIPPMAN (daniel@politico.com; @dlippman) 05/16/17 06:48 AM EDT Driving the Day Listen to the Playbook Audio Briefing http://bit.ly/2rlOX7n ... Subscribe on iTunes http://apple.co/2eX6Eay ... Visit the online home of Playbook http://politi.co/2f51Jnf Good Tuesday morning and welcome to another edition of what we’re now calling Washington Whiplash. CONSIDER WHAT IS HAPPENING. Senior U.S. officials dimed out the president of the United States, telling the Washington Post that he passed classified information to Russians. BuzzFeed quotes one U.S. official who says “It’s far worse than what has already been reported.” If anyone else -- besides the president -- did this, they’d probably be out of a job, and possibly prosecuted. Story Continued Below THE STORY -- WAPO’S GREG MILLER AND GREG JAFFE: “Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian foreign minister and ambassador”: “President Trump revealed highly classified information to the Russian foreign minister and ambassador in a White House meeting last week, according to current and former U.S. officials, who said Trump’s disclosures jeopardized a critical source of intelligence on the Islamic State. The information the president relayed had been provided by a U.S. partner through an intelligence-sharing arrangement considered so sensitive that details have been withheld from allies and tightly restricted even within the U.S. government, officials said. “The partner had not given the United States permission to share the material with Russia, and officials said Trump’s decision to do so endangers cooperation from an ally that has access to the inner workings of the Islamic State. After Trump’s meeting, senior White House officials took steps to contain the damage, placing calls to the CIA and the National Security Agency. ‘This is code-word information,’ said a U.S. official familiar with the matter, using terminology that refers to one of the highest classification levels used by American spy agencies. Trump ‘revealed more information to the Russian ambassador than we have shared with our own allies.’” http://wapo.st/2rlDeWj -- THE LAST SEVEN DAYS: Trump fired the FBI director, surprising most of his communications staff and bucking some senior aides. He mused aloud about surreptitiously taping his conversations in the White House, alarming official Washington. Republicans have quickly turned against the president, saying he needs to fork over the recordings or else. The White House, inexplicably, has no answer. He then met with the Russian foreign minister and ambassador, where we now hear he at least mentioned highly classified information. **SUBSCRIBE to Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh DUH -- THIS IS GOING TO BE A PROBLEM FOR REPUBLICANS. Sure, the White House can dismiss this. And they have: National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster said that the president didn’t discuss “intelligence sources or methods” -- but he did not address the crux of the story, which is that Trump shared sensitive intelligence with the Russian ambassador and foreign minister. THERE ARE LOADS OF CLIPS of Republicans saying Hillary Clinton should be denied classified information because she mishandled it. And, Trump, himself, hasn’t been shy about criticizing others of mishandling classified documents. See Cristiano Lima’s story on “9 times Trump criticized others for mishandling classified information”: http://politi.co/2pPLjkO -- JOSH DAWSEY on “Trump’s Trust Problem”: “‘Their credibility is completely shattered. They’ve engaged in serial lying to the American people on issues big and small --beginning with the crowd size photos. It’s unprecedented for an administration, from the top on down, to embrace a strategy of deception and lying,’ said Steve Schmidt, a Republican consultant and former campaign manager for John McCain. ‘Even people who have built up reputations for integrity over a lifetime of public service, they risk squandering it in this administration,’ Schmidt said.” http://politi.co/2pQ2T8d -- CHAOS: “Trump’s handling of classified info brings new chaos to White House,” by Josh Dawsey and Eliana Johnson: “‘It never stops,’ one White House official said via text message Monday night. ‘Basically chaos at all times.’ ... One adviser who often speaks to the president said the conversation was likely freewheeling in the Oval Office, and he probably wanted to impress the officials. ‘He doesn’t really know any boundaries. He doesn't think in those terms,’ this adviser said. ‘He doesn’t sometimes realize the implications of what he's saying. I don't think it was his intention in any way to share any classified information. He wouldn't want to do that.’ ... A former senior Defense Department official in the George W. Bush administration emailed, simply, ‘WTF!!!!!!!’” http://politi.co/2pRkJXQ BEING THERE -- BuzzFeed’s Adrian Carrasquillo (@Carrasquillo): “Per @TreyYingst, Bannon, Mike Dubke, Sarah Sanders and Spicer walked into cabinet room just now. They did not look happy.” ... “Can now hear yelling coming from room where officials are.” Jim Acosta (@Acosta): “Sarah H. Sanders told reporters she didn’t know anything about yelling.” … @Carrasquillo: “WH comms staffers just put the TVs on super loud after we could hear yelling coming from room w/ Bannon, Spicer, Sanders” BULLETIN -- 6:30 a.m.: "MOSCOW (AP) - Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman denies reports that Trump revealed classified information to senior officials." FROM 30,000 FEET -- “Trump’s trampling of political norms spurs strongman comparisons,” by Michael Crowley: “On a recent visit to Washington, members of an official Chinese delegation told their congressional hosts that Jared Kushner, with his murky mix of business and political interests, reminded them of a wealthy young communist ‘princeling’ in their own country. When Capitol Hill aides warned officials from another repressive foreign government that they could pay a political price for human rights abuses, their visitors scoffed: President Donald Trump had just called their leader, they said, and told him he was doing a great job. “In addition to those interactions, recounted by people who were present, in the days after Trump fired FBI Director James Comey, one diplomat from an undemocratic nation told POLITICO he was taking a guilty pleasure in the spectacle. ‘Now you guys can’t lecture everyone else anymore,’ he said. Trump has delighted in trampling political norms — from attacks on the judiciary and the media to groundless accusations about his political opponents — in ways that critics say resemble the behavior of foreign autocrats whom the United States has long condemned.” http://politi.co/2pREG0K ...BUT HERE’S HOW SOME REPUBLICANS WILL DEFEND THIS. The president is, generally speaking, allowed to do what he wants with classified information, and can change the classification. Republicans will express concern and caution with trying to improve relations with Russia. Many will decline comment until they’ve heard from the president himself -- or from top White House aides. Good NYT primer: “How Government Secrets Are Declassified and Disclosed,” by Charlie Savage. http://nyti.ms/2pFsPHO SOON ENOUGH, another political reality will begin to set in for Trump: survival. A top Republican involved in House and Senate races was texting us last night, saying that the closer we get to the 2018 primary season, the less patience Republicans are going to have for these kinds of missteps. At some point -- and some point soon -- the GOP will begin to worry about winning elections and self preservation. ONE THING TO WATCH -- Trump’s Twitter feed has been virtually silent over the last 24 hours besides two tweets about the annual Police Officers’ Memorial Day. ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Investing over $100 million in Detroit, JPMorgan Chase is supporting drivers of economic opportunity: workforce readiness, small business development and neighborhood revitalization. Thanks to promising results and collaboration among city, community and business leaders, the company is expanding its commitment to $150 million by 2019 to help accelerate Detroit’s recovery: http://politi.co/2pGLpKB ****** GOP FISSURES ALREADY STARTING -- @sahilkapur: “BOB CORKER: ‘The White House has got to do something soon to bring itself under control and in order. It’s got to happen’ … More Corker: ‘Obviously they’re in a downward spiral right now and they’ve got to figure out a way to come to grips w all that’s happening.’” The Washington Post rundown of Hill reaction http://wapo.st/2qqWkdz OK SENATOR, here are some ideas, culled from top Republican minds in town. A CHEAT SHEET FOR TRUMP -- WHAT WASHINGTON THINKS YOU NEED … -- NEW COMMUNICATORS: Forget Sean Spicer for a second. Keep him, ditch him -- whatever you want. Yes, the press secretary is an important public face of the administration. But even more than a new public face, what this White House needs is someone who understands what it means to communicate with Washington in mind. Trump needs someone who speaks the language of D.C. and Capitol Hill. Someone who is going to craft a strategy and message to bring elected officials on Trump’s side and someone who has credibility with the reporters who cover them. Right now, Trump has GOP detractors for almost every move he makes. He should hire someone who understands inside-the-Beltway coalition politics, and understands what makes members of Congress happy. We’re not saying they’d take this job, but people like Josh Holmes, Michael Steel, Kevin Madden, Alex Conant, among others, would add some serious gravitas to their operation. They also would know where to go to look for people who are willing to take this job. -- A TRAFFIC COP: One thing we hear constantly from Trump allies and detractors alike is that the president needs someone who can control the flow of information and people to the Oval Office. For example, Shane Goldmacher’s excellent story yesterday about how Trump gets fake news is a prime example about how the White House is broken. An aide like K.T. McFarland, who is on her way to Singapore to become the U.S. ambassador, should not be permitted in the Oval Office with a phony Time Magazine cover. Someone should be filtering that information -- or at least trying. Someone should be coaching the president on what he can say -- and what he absolutely should not say. If that’s happening, it’s not evident. That all being said, Trump has to be willing to limit his intake, and there’s no evidence he is. -- LONG-TERM STRATEGY: We sound like a broken record on this subject, but the White House needs someone who can lay out to Washington some sort of realistic roadmap for what they’d like to get done, and how they plan to do it. OK, so Trump wants to complete tax reform? What are the specific principles he is not willing to compromise on? What is he willing to do to achieve this? How many districts and states is he willing to visit to get this done? You actually want a border wall, Mr. President? OK, well, government funding is up again in a few months, how are you planning to get what you want, and what are you willing to settle for short of the wall? FLASHBACK – HALLEY TOOSI on Jan. 21, 2017 (the day after Trump’s inauguration): “U.S. spies fear allies will stop sharing intel under Russia-friendly Trump” http://politi.co/2rlAxnK BEHIND THE SCENES -- HOW TRUMP IS PREPPING FOR HIS TRIP -- “Trump will have to navigate diplomatic land mines abroad. Here’s how he’s preparing,” by WaPo’s Phil Rucker and Ashley Parker: “As the White House was engulfed by a crisis of its own making -- the abrupt firing of the FBI director -- President Trump received an unlikely visitor: Henry Kissinger, the Republican Party’s leading elder statesman, who came to deliver a tutorial on foreign affairs last Wednesday ahead of the president’s first overseas trip. “Kissinger was not alone. In the days leading up to Trump’s high-risk debut on the world stage -- a nine-day, five-stop, four-nation tour -- the Oval Office has morphed into a graduate seminar room, with a rotating roster of policy experts briefing the president…. “Trump’s advisers say the president understands the stakes and is taking his preparation seriously. His team deliberately scaled back his public schedule in the two weeks leading up to his planned Friday departure, even though much of his time last week was eaten up by the Comey drama and talks about shaking up his West Wing staff. … The process largely is being overseen by Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law and a senior adviser, as well as McMaster and deputy national security adviser Dina Powell.” http://wapo.st/2qn81nb -- JARED KUSHNER must be taking time off from his duties in hiring for the White House, reforming government, working on criminal justice reform, repairing the relationship with China, serving as an emissary to Mexico, working on a solution to the opioid epidemic and reworking how the U.S. cares for veterans. -- WSJ: “Gulf States Offer Better Relations If Israel Makes New Bid for Peace: Potential steps include direct telecommunications links and allowing over-flight rights to Israeli aircraft,” by Jay Solomon and Gordon Lubold in D.C. and Rory Jones in Jerusalem: “Arab Gulf states have offered to take concrete steps to establish better relations with Israel if Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will make a significant overture aimed at restarting the Middle East peace process, according to people briefed on the discussions. “The potential steps include establishing direct telecommunications links with Israel, allowing overflight rights to Israeli aircraft, and lifting restrictions on some trade, said these people. … The Gulf countries, in turn, would require Mr. Netanyahu to make what they would consider to be a peace overture to the Palestinians. Such steps could include stopping construction of settlements in certain areas of the West Bank and allowing freer trade into the Gaza Strip.” http://on.wsj.com/2rlJcGr -- QUICK THOUGHT… You do kind of get the sense that Trump has a decent chance for some sort of peace accord between Israel and the Palestinians. Of course, we should all be skeptical of solving one of the most intractable cycles of tension and violence ever. But in the last few weeks, Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has signaled openness, and behind the scenes, Trump officials -- and even some longtime Obama officials -- have been surprised at the positive body language on the two sides. REMEMBER WHEN -- Trump selecting Comey’s replacement was the top agenda item before he left for his first foreign trip? It’s hard to see how the White House will move forward quickly on that now that they are completely swamped with trying to pushback against Trump’s leaking of classified intel to Russia. The recent drama has got to only add to the difficulty in getting someone to take on the job. Although Trump might see an announcement as a good distraction. He leaves Friday. -- GOP SPLIT ON CORNYN -- “Republicans wary of Cornyn as FBI chief,” by Seung Min Kim and Burgess Everett: “Senate Republicans love John Cornyn. But not all of them are sold on him being the next FBI director. It’s nothing personal toward the affable Senate majority whip from Texas, who has built up loyalty during his years in the Senate, particularly as a two-term chairman of the GOP’s campaign arm and a high-ranking member of leadership. But with Trump’s sacking of James Comey still reverberating on Capitol Hill, some Republicans want to make sure that the next FBI director is highly credentialed, unimpeachable - and completely apolitical. “Other GOP lawmakers are confident Cornyn would leave his partisan biases at the Senate exit if he's offered the job and accepts. The debate over the No. 2 Senate Republican potentially succeeding Comey - he is reportedly high on the list of contenders for the post - has divided the GOP conference in a way that didn't occur earlier this year, when former colleagues were elevated to other high-ranking national security roles.” http://politi.co/2qqIN5v -- IF CORNYN is offered and accepts this slot, it will cause a power shuffle atop the Senate GOP. First of all, it would be a clear sign Mitch McConnell is running again in 2020 -- something he has indicated he’d do. Cornyn’s departure would push Sen. John Thune (R-S.D.) up on the leadership ladder, essentially making him the odds-on favorite for Republican leader after McConnell eventually departs. HAPPENING TODAY -- Trump will meet with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan at the White House. He’ll also speak with the king of Jordan, per an AP story that moved on the wire around 3:45 a.m. THE JUICE… -- HILLARY CLINTON LAUNCHES ONWARD TOGETHER -- by Anna Palmer: “Clinton sent a blast email to supporters Monday afternoon asking people to sign up for her next venture Onward Together … Specifically, Clinton mentioned groups like Swing Left, Emerge America, Color of Change, Indivisible and Run for Something as the initial five groups Onward Together will support.” http://politi.co/2pRtwci -- TREASURY SECRETARY STEVEN MNUCHIN will head downtown to meet Tuesday afternoon with Retail Industry Leaders Association member CEOs in town for the group’s board meeting. Top agenda items for the group: Tax reform and pushing against a border adjustment tax. CEOs expected to be in the meeting include: AutoZone’s Bill Rhodes (RILA chair), Chico’s FAS, Inc.’s Shelley Broader, Coca-Cola’s Jim Dinkins, Dollar General’s Todd Vasos, Energizer’s Alan Hoskins, IKEA North America Services’ Lars Petersson, JCPenney’s Marvin Ellison, PetSmart Inc.’s Michael Massey, PVH’s Manny Chirico, Tractor Supply Company’s Greg Sandfort and VF Corporation’s Steve Rendle. The CEOs will also meet with House members on the Ways and Means Committee, Financial Services and leadership. -- FIRST IN PLAYBOOK: CHRISTINA REYNOLDS is joining Global Strategy Group’s Washington office as senior vice president. The former deputy communications director for Hillary for America is expected to work on public affairs and advocacy campaigns. She previously worked as director of media affairs and special assistant to President Barack Obama and for the Glover Park Group. -- PLAYBOOK EXCLUSIVE: Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), Condi Rice and Rep. Eric Swalwell (D-Calif.) are making their debuts on Snapchat’s “Good Luck America” on Tuesday with host Peter Hamby, for an episode about Vladimir Putin and Russia’s role in 2016. McCain calls Putin a “thug and a murderer” and Rice talks about Putin’s desire for control. The series reached more than 6 million Snapchat users in its second season premiere. The latest episode is available on Snapchat as of 6 a.m. Preview http://bit.ly/2pDShxm -- LATE-NIGHT BEST: Stephen Colbert on Trump sharing intel with Russia: “Trump found the leaker.” http://bit.ly/2rllrxB TV TODAY – Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is sitting down with Bloomberg Television’s Kevin Cirilli for an exclusive interview this morning at 9 a.m. WELP -- Wizards lost last night in Game 7 to the Celtics in Boston. It was a good game, and the Wiz kept it close all along.It’s fun watching John Wall and Bradley Beal, the two Wiz guards who played out-of-their-mind good for much of the game. (The Post’s game story from Boston http://wapo.st/2pPZgzc). Now, if the Nationals can get their bullpen straight, we might have something to look forward to this fall. Playbook Reads PHOTO DU JOUR: President Donald Trump pumps his fist during the 36th annual National Peace Officers Memorial Service on Capitol Hill on May 15. | Evan Vucci/AP Photo GOOD TO KNOW -- “In Computer Attacks, Clues Point to Frequent Culprit: North Korea,” by NYT’s Nicole Perlroth and David E. Sanger: “Security experts at Symantec, which in the past has accurately identified attacks mounted by the United States, Israel and North Korea, found early versions of the ransomware, called WannaCry, that used tools that were also deployed against Sony Pictures Entertainment, the Bangladesh central bank last year and Polish banks in February.” http://nyti.ms/2qMp6Z5 COMING ATTRACTIONS -- “Cruz, Paul want to go ‘nuclear’ on Obamacare repeal,” by Jen Haberkorn and Seung Min Kim: “Conservative GOP Sens. Ted Cruz and Rand Paul are pushing to test the limits of how much of Obamacare can be repealed under Senate rules, setting up a potential ‘nuclear’ showdown. The firebrands want to overturn long-standing precedent for what can be done under reconciliation, the fast-track budget process the GOP is using to dismantle the Affordable Care Act. They argue Republicans are allowing stale Senate norms to tie their hands and are forfeiting a chance to completely abolish the law.” http://politi.co/2rly24K -- IT’S IMPORTANT TO NOTE: Cruz and Paul are completely alone in their belief that Vice President Mike Pence -- instead of the nonpartisan Senate parliamentarian -- should make the decision about whether certain parts of Obamacare would have a direct impact on the budget. Not only is this unlikely to get much traction among rank-and-file Republican senators, it’s hard to see that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) would ever seriously consider this strategy. FOR YOUR RADAR -- “AP Exclusive: Chinese spent $24B on US, other ‘golden visas’,” by Nomaan Merchant in Beijing: “When the sister of President Donald Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner promoted investment in her family’s new skyscraper from a Beijing hotel ballroom stage earlier this month, she was pitching a controversial American visa program that’s proven irresistible to tens of thousands of Chinese. More than 100,000 Chinese have poured at least $24 billion in the last decade into ‘golden visa’ programs across the world that offer residence in exchange for investment, an Associated Press analysis has found. Nowhere is Chinese demand greater than in the United States, which has taken in at least $7.7 billion and issued more than 40,000 visas to Chinese investors and their families in the past decade, the AP found.” http://apne.ws/2qmRShW ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: “The same attributes that drive business success –innovation, ingenuity and the ability to efficiently marshal human and financial capital – also offer tremendous promise to help solve pressing societal challenges.” – Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon. Learn how this thinking fueled the firm’s expanded commitment to Detroit: http://politi.co/2qB85AU ****** DAVID BROOKS in the NYT, “When the World Is Led by a Child”: “First, most adults have learned to sit still. But mentally, Trump is still a 7-year-old boy who is bouncing around the classroom. ... Second, most people of drinking age have achieved some accurate sense of themselves, some internal criteria to measure their own merits and demerits. But Trump seems to need perpetual outside approval to stabilize his sense of self, so he is perpetually desperate for approval, telling heroic fabulist tales about himself. ... Third, by adulthood most people can perceive how others are thinking. For example, they learn subtle arts such as false modesty so they won’t be perceived as obnoxious. But Trump seems to have not yet developed a theory of mind.” http://nyti.ms/2qn4LIB SCHOCK UPDATE -- Former Illinois Republican Rep. Aaron Schock’s scheduled July 10 trial start date is looking like it may be postponed. Government lawyers and Schock’s attorneys will attend a “telephonic scheduling hearing” on Friday morning to discuss the status of the case with U.S. District Court Judge Colin Bruce. The newly appointed judge, the government and defense are wrestling over a series of procedural questions in the case. OFF MESSAGE PODCAST: Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel thinks that Washington is too focused on the craze around President Trump and unable to see what’s actually going on---and what’s not. In the latest episode of Off Message, Isaac Dovere dissects what’s really going on in the West Wing with the former Chief of Staff for President Obama. http://politi.co/2rbB2U3 ... Listen and subscribe http://apple.co/2nEa7y0 MEDIAWATCH -- HERE COME THE SALLY YATES SIT-DOWNS -- per Joe Pompeo’s Morning Media: “Two big interviews with the acting attorney general sacked by Trump are due to land today. One is with CNN's Anderson Cooper in what he’s billing as Yates’ ‘first and only television interview since being fired.’ The other is with The New Yorker’s Ryan Lizza, who tweeted yesterday, ‘I sat down w/Sally Yates for 4 hrs, her first intv since Trump fired her. Highlights at NewYorker.com Tues, profile in next issue.’” – “Pro-Trump media dismisses bombshell report the president shared classified info,” by CNN’s Oliver Darcy: Some “hosts on Fox News, the cable news network which provides the most favorable coverage to Trump, ... appeared to downplay the story. During the shows hosted by Martha MacCallum and Tucker Carlson, several segments strayed from the bombshell news and were instead devoted to controversies on college campuses, an unusual editorial decision given the magnitude of the Post’s story. On the Fox News website, the news was buried low on the homepage. ... ‘DEEP STATE STRIKES,’ blared a headline on Breitbart ... ‘MORE LEAKS SMEAR PRESIDENT,’ declared a headline on the Drudge Report.” http://cnnmon.ie/2qmRIqj --Sheera Frenkel (@sheeraf): “~Personal News time~ After nearly 4 fantastic years at BuzzFeed, I’ll be joining the New York Times covering cybersecurity out of SF.” Playbookers SPOTTED: former Sen. George Mitchell (D-Maine) yesterday on the 3 p.m. Acela leaving Penn Station ... Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) and former Rep. Jack Kingston (R-Ga.) last night dining in a private room at Charlie Palmer. OUT AND ABOUT -- THE UBER PIT STOP. Guests last night had Ubertinis and checked out the self-driving Uber. SPOTTED: Mike Steel, Alex Conant, House E&C’s Adam Fromm, Zeke Miller, David McCabe, Polson Kanneth, Peter Comstock, Commerce’s Grant Gardner, Brian Jones, Paul Balmer, Ali Breland, DOT’s Kirk Bell and Anthony Pugliese and Uber’s Federal Affairs Team. TRANSITIONS -- CHRIS FRATES is joining CQ Roll Call as an executive analyst for Enlighten, a new product focused on senior executives. He is a CNN and Politico alum. http://politi.co/2qroZPP … Melissa Quinn starts at the Washington Examiner on Wednesday covering general assignment stories and breaking news. She previously was at the Heritage Foundation’s Daily Signal. ... Graeme Trayner, formerly of Greenberg Quinlan Rosner Research, is joining Glover Park Group as managing director of insight. ... Mike Biagi is joining The Rotunda Group as a partner in June. He has most recently worked as executive director of the Republican Party of Kentucky since 2015. http://bit.ly/2pE2ZDW ... Chris Sarley has started as a VP at Cornerstone Government Affairs. He previously was policy director for Rep. John Shimkus (R-Ill.) and policy coordinator for the Energy and Commerce environment subcommittee. ... ... Whitaker Askew is joining the government relations team of Subject Matter on June 5th. He most recently was VP of government relations at the American Gaming Association and is a John Boehner alum. http://politi.co/2qn4hlS … BerlinRosen has named Andre Banks as the executive vice president of its social impact and philanthropy practice. He is an alum of Amnesty International and Color Of Change. ... Longtime Thune aide and South Dakota native Jessica McBride was recently promoted to legislative director. Danielle Janowski, a former legislative staffer for Sen. Joni Ernst (R-Iowa) and former Rep. Rick Berg (R-N.D.), joined Thune’s staff this week to handle health care policy. ENGAGED -- Quinn Bradlee, founder and CEO of friendsofquinn.com, a website for young adults with learning disabilities for the National Center for Learning Disabilities, got engaged on Saturday night to Fabiola Roman, executive assistant to the president and CEO of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. They met on a blind date a year ago that same night at The Walrus at National Harbor and then he took her on the Ferris wheel. Saturday night he replicated the evening with dinner and presented her with a ring and popped the question on the Ferris wheel. She said yes! Pic http://bit.ly/2rjHJ2M BIRTHDAY OF THE DAY: Jeff Bechdel, chief content officer for America Rising PAC. How he’s celebrating: “I’m going to dinner with my fiancée Riley. She’s keeping the location a secret for now, but I think it will be a new restaurant for both of us.” Read his Playbook Plus Q&A: http://politi.co/2rbzrNU BIRTHDAYS: Tucker Carlson is 48 … Brookings’ Michael O’Hanlon is 56 … Colleen McCain Nelson, editorial page editor of the Kansas City Star ... Christine Delargy ... DNI Dan Coats is 74 ... Bob Edwards ... entrepreneur Bill Rancic is 46 ... Jan Angilella ... Rep. John Conyers (D-Mich.) is 88 ... Rep. Lois Frankel (D-Fla.) is 69 ... former U.S. Sen. and Connecticut Gov. Lowell Weicker is 86 ... former Rep. Jim Moran (D-Va.) is 72 … Mike Long is 31 ... Kate Keane, partner at Perkins Coie’s Political Law Group, general counsel to the DSCC, counsel to the DNC and counsel to Obama for America, is 4-0 (hubby tip: Brian) ... AP’s Steve Braun ... Elizabeth Livengood ... Sara Just, PBS NewsHour executive producer and WETA SVP ... Emily Aden ... Kathy Davidov ... JoDee Winterhof, the pride of Winterset, Iowa (h/ts Jon Haber) ... Minyon Moore ... Jay Perron, VP at AHIP ... Alana Wilson ... Jake Sticka is 26 ... Charles Kushner, Jared Kushner’s father and Ivanka Trump’s father-in-law, is 63 ... David Suissa ... Aby Rosen, real estate mogul and noted art collector, is 57 (h/ts Jewish Insider) ... Cathy Reynolds (h/t Jamie Morris) … CNN attorney Drew Shenkman (h/t Kevin Bohn) ... ... Edgar Bronfman Jr. is 62 ... healthcare specialist Kevin McCarthy, celebrating by traveling throughout Asia this summer before starting his MBA at Cambridge this fall ... Ben Nathanson ... Andie Pivarunas … Patrick Delaney … Bobby Frederick ... David Levey ... Olivia Kelley Delgado ... filmmaker and author Carolyn McCulley ... Mary Margaret Hart ... Stephan Cesarini is 4-0 ... Randy Johnson, U.S. Chamber’s SVP of labor, immigration, and employee benefits ... writer Gabe Beltrone ... Debra Winger … Scott Neale … wordsmith David Meadvin … Claire Howard ... Michael Wear, Obama campaign and WH alum, founder of Public Square Strategies and author of “Reclaiming Hope” (h/t J.C. Derrick) ... Jean Hessburg ... Debbie Tinnirello ... Juan Altamirano (h/ts Teresa Vilmain) ... Natalie Epelman ... Matt Shiraki ... Jamie Ruff ... Jonathan Schleifer ... Pierce Brosnan is 64 ... Tori Spelling is 44 (h/ts AP) ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Over the last three years, JPMorgan Chase’s partnership with Detroit has helped provide technical assistance to more than 1,800 small businesses, facilitating $7.2 million in loan and grant capital to 100 small businesses and creating or maintaining 700 jobs. Here’s how some Detroitrepreneurs are turning these programs into opportunities to expand their own businesses: http://politi.co/2r2ozll ****** SUBSCRIBE to the Playbook family: POLITICO Playbook http://politi.co/2lQswbh ... New York Playbook http://politi.co/1ON8bqW … Florida Playbook http://politi.co/1OypFe9 ... New Jersey Playbook http://politi.co/1HLKltF ... Massachusetts Playbook http://politi.co/1Nhtq5v … Illinois Playbook http://politi.co/1N7u5sb ... California Playbook http://politi.co/2bLvcPl ... Brussels Playbook http://politi.co/1FZeLcw ... All our political and policy tipsheets http://politi.co/1M75UbX « View Archives Authors: Jake Sherman sherman@politico.com @JakeSherman Anna Palmer anna@politico.com @apalmerdc Daniel Lippman daniel@politico.com @dlippman About The Author Jake Sherman is a senior writer for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Jake is the top congressional reporter on Capitol Hill and has built a career on landing hard-to-get scoops Since 2009, Jake has chronicled all of the major legislative battles on Capitol Hill, and has also traveled the country to cover the battle for control of Congress. Jake takes readers inside the rooms where decisions are made. His high-impact reporting resulted in the resignation of Aaron Schock. Before landing at POLITICO, Jake worked in the Washington bureaus of The Wall Street Journal, Newsweek and the Minneapolis Star Tribune. He also interned on the metro desk of The Journal News (N.Y.) and, during high school, worked on the sports desk of the Stamford Advocate (Conn.). Jake is a Connecticut native, and a graduate of The George Washington University — where he edited The GW Hatchet — and Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism. Jake lives in Washington with his wife Irene, and listens to an unhealthy amount of Grateful Dead and Phish. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh About The Author Anna Palmer is a senior Washington correspondent for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Anna covers the world of Congress and politics, and has successfully chronicled the business of Washington insiders for years. Her stories take readers behind the scenes for the biggest fights in Washington as well as the 2016 election. Prior to becoming POLITICO’s senior Washington correspondent, Anna was the co-author of the daily newsletter, POLITICO Influence, considered a must-read on K Street. Anna previously covered House leadership and lobbying as a staff writer for Roll Call. She got her start in Washington journalism as a lobbying business reporter for the industry newsletter Influence. She has also worked at Legal Times, where she covered the intersection of money and politics for the legal and lobbying industry, first as a staff writer and then as an editor. A native of North Dakota, Anna is a graduate of St. Olaf College, where she was executive editor of the weekly campus newspaper, the Manitou Messenger. She lives in Washington, D.C. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh About The Author Daniel Lippman is a reporter for POLITICO and a co-author of POLITICO's Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Before joining POLITICO, he was a fellow covering environmental news for E&E Publishing and a reporter for The Wall Street Journal in New York. He has also interned for McClatchy Newspapers and Reuters. During a stint freelancing in 2013, he traveled to the Turkish-Syrian border to cover the impact of the Syrian civil war for The Huffington Post and CNN.com. He graduated from The Hotchkiss School in 2008 and from The George Washington University in 2012. Daniel hails from the Berkshires in western Massachusetts and enjoys playing tennis, seeing movies and trying out new restaurants in his free time. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh White House on edge: 'We are kind of helpless' Playbook - POLITICO Archive Tuesday, 5/16/17 Monday, 5/15/17 Sunday, 5/14/17 Saturday, 5/13/17 Friday, 5/12/17 View the Full Playbook Archives » Politico Magazine When Will Republicans Dump Trump? By Liam Donovan The ‘Grownups’ Won’t Save Us From Trump By Jeff Greenfield The ACLU’s Radical Plan to Fight Jeff Sessions By Ben Wofford Trump's Fans Shrug Off Oval Office Leak By Ben Schreckinger More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank First American Trust FSB Has $8.915 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet First American Trust FSB boosted its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 11.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 101,498 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 10,535 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. makes up about 2.7% of First American Trust FSB’s portfolio, making the stock its 5th largest position. First American Trust FSB’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $8,915,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. State Street Corp raised its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 7.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 169,177,566 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $14,598,334,000 after buying an additional 11,844,085 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC raised its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 19.4% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 96,587,143 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $8,334,505,000 after buying an additional 15,715,835 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank bought a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $2,897,377,000. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 1.2% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 27,903,541 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,407,756,000 after buying an additional 340,065 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Dodge & Cox bought a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $2,297,616,000. 73.65% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 87.34 on Tuesday. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $86.79 and a 200 day moving average price of $84.76. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 12-month low of $57.05 and a 12-month high of $93.98. The stock has a market cap of $310.26 billion, a PE ratio of 13.45 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.52 by $0.13. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The company had revenue of $25.59 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $24.40 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $1.35 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts expect that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.70 EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Sunday, April 30th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th were paid a dividend of $0.50 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, April 4th. This is a positive change from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.29%. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio is presently 31.02%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “First American Trust FSB Has $8.915 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/first-american-trust-fsb-has-8-915-million-position-in-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm.html. A number of equities research analysts recently commented on the company. Vetr lowered JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $97.41 price target for the company. in a research report on Monday. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods increased their price target on JPMorgan Chase & Co. to $47.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, April 17th. Guggenheim raised JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price target for the company from $88.25 to $96.00 in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Vining Sparks raised JPMorgan Chase & Co. to an “outperform” rating and set a $95.00 price target for the company in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, FBR & Co restated an “outperform” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and twenty-one have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $80.15. In related news, COO Matthew E. Zames sold 3,405 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.06, for a total transaction of $289,629.30. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now directly owns 329,019 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $27,986,356.14. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, insider Ashley Bacon sold 6,514 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 11th. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.21, for a total value of $568,085.94. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 47,384 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,132,358.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 20,711 shares of company stock valued at $1,775,791. 0.85% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Position Boosted by Pioneer Trust Bank N A OR May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Pioneer Trust Bank N A OR increased its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 2.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 55,394 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 1,445 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. comprises 2.8% of Pioneer Trust Bank N A OR’s portfolio, making the stock its 12th largest position. Pioneer Trust Bank N A OR’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $4,866,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Benin Management CORP increased its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 4.1% in the third quarter. Benin Management CORP now owns 21,401 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,425,000 after buying an additional 843 shares during the period. Private Capital Advisors Inc. increased its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.8% in the third quarter. Private Capital Advisors Inc. now owns 41,532 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,766,000 after buying an additional 336 shares during the period. SPC Financial Inc. increased its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 3.3% in the third quarter. SPC Financial Inc. now owns 4,503 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $300,000 after buying an additional 144 shares during the period. Bridge Creek Capital Management LLC increased its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.6% in the third quarter. Bridge Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 56,183 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $3,741,000 after buying an additional 355 shares during the period. Finally, Hutchens Investment Management Inc increased its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 15.5% in the third quarter. Hutchens Investment Management Inc now owns 39,455 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,627,000 after buying an additional 5,300 shares during the period. 73.65% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 87.34 on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 12-month low of $57.05 and a 12-month high of $93.98. The company has a market capitalization of $310.26 billion, a PE ratio of 13.45 and a beta of 1.49. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $86.79 and its 200-day moving average price is $84.76. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. The firm had revenue of $25.59 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $24.40 billion. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 6.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.35 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.70 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Sunday, April 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th were given a $0.50 dividend. This is a positive change from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.29%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, April 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 31.02%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-position-boosted-by-pioneer-trust-bank-n-a-or.html. JPM has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. FBR & Co reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and issued a $89.00 price target (up previously from $88.00) on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Nomura reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $80.00 price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $89.00 price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Vetr raised JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $87.76 price target for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and twenty-one have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $80.15. In other JPMorgan Chase & Co. news, Director James S. Crown acquired 11,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 19th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $85.48 per share, for a total transaction of $983,020.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 299,862 shares in the company, valued at $25,632,203.76. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, COO Matthew E. Zames sold 3,405 shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.06, for a total value of $289,629.30. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now owns 329,019 shares in the company, valued at $27,986,356.14. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 20,711 shares of company stock worth $1,775,791. Corporate insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tui AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tui AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank Tui AG (TUI) Earns Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Tui AG (LON:TUI)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report issued on Tuesday. They currently have a GBX 1,325 ($17.10) price target on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target suggests a potential upside of 16.95% from the company’s current price. Several other brokerages have also recently weighed in on TUI. Barclays PLC raised their target price on Tui AG from GBX 1,240 ($16.01) to GBX 1,280 ($16.52) and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Tuesday. Shore Capital reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Tui AG in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Panmure Gordon reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of Tui AG in a research report on Monday. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an “underperform” rating and issued a GBX 1,040 ($13.42) price target on shares of Tui AG in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 1,350 ($17.43) price target (up previously from GBX 1,320 ($17.04)) on shares of Tui AG in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 1,160.71 ($14.98). Shares of Tui AG (LON:TUI) opened at 1133.00 on Tuesday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 6.50 billion. Tui AG has a 52-week low of GBX 813.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 1,231.00. The company has a 50 day moving average of GBX 1,124.32 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 1,114.84. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/tui-ag-tui-earns-overweight-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Tui AG TUI AG is a Germany-based integrated tourism group that operates through five segments: Central Region, Western Region, Hotels and Resorts, Cruises and Other Tourism. The Central Region segment comprises the tour operators and airlines in Germany and tour operators in Austria, Poland and Switzerland. Receive News & Ratings for Tui AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tui AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Evolent Health, Inc. Announces Pricing of Upsized Secondary Public Offering of Class A Common Stock WASHINGTON, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Evolent Health, Inc. (NYSE: EVH), a company providing an integrated value-based care platform to the nation’s leading health systems and physician organizations („Evolent Health”), today announced the pricing of an underwritten secondary public offering of 7,000,000 shares of its Class A common stock to be sold by UPMC, certain affiliates of TPG Global, LLC, The Advisory Board Company and Ptolemy Capital, LLC (together, the „Investor Stockholders”) and certain management selling stockholders (the „Management Stockholders” and, together with the Investor Stockholders, the „Selling Stockholders”). The shares of Class A common stock are being sold to the public at a price of $24.65 per share. The offering was upsized from the previously announced offering size of 6,000,000 shares of Class A common stock. The offering is expected to close on May 19, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. Morgan Stanley, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC are acting as joint book-running managers and underwriters for the offering.  Evolent Health is not offering any shares of Class A common stock in the offering. Evolent Health will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of Class A common stock by the Selling Stockholders. A registration statement (including a base prospectus) relating to these securities has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the „SEC”) and has become effective. The offering will be made only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus, each of which you should read before you invest. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus have been filed with the SEC. You may obtain these documents free of charge by visiting EDGAR on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement relating to the offering will be filed with the SEC and may be obtained free of charge, when available, from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, or by telephone at (866) 471-2526, facsimile at (212) 902-9316, or email at prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of, these shares of Class A common stock in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. About Evolent Health Evolent Health partners with leading health systems to drive value-based care transformation. By providing clinical, analytical and financial capabilities, Evolent Health helps physicians and health systems achieve superior quality and cost results. Evolent Health’s approach breaks down barriers, aligns incentives and powers a new model of care delivery resulting in meaningful alignment between providers, payers, physicians and patients. Forward-Looking Statements – Cautionary Language Certain statements made in this press release and in other written or oral statements made by us or on our behalf are „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 („PSLRA”). A forward-looking statement is a statement that is not a historical fact and, without limitation, includes any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain words like: „believe,” „anticipate,” „expect,” „estimate,” „aim,” „predict,” „potential,” „continue,” „plan,” „project,” „will,” „should,” „shall,” „may,” „might” and other words or phrases with similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, trends in our businesses, prospective services, future performance or financial results and the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings. We claim the protection afforded by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the PSLRA. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from the results contained in the forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 and other documents filed with the SEC include factors that could affect our businesses and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a rapidly changing and competitive environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors. Further, it is not possible to assess the effect of all risk factors on our businesses or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. In addition, we disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date of this press release. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/evolent-health-inc-announces-pricing-of-upsized-secondary-public-offering-of-class-a-common-stock-300458123.html SOURCE Evolent Health Related Links http://www.evolenthealth.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsStock Offering Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Outline of TIAA-CREF High-Yield Fund Retail Class (TIYRX) Next PostNext Brief Study of Thrivent Income Fund Class S (LBIIX) Search Recent Posts DTE Carbon Emissions Reduction Tells Half a Story Market Report: 2017-2022 India High Temperature Superconductor Market Report (Status and Outlook) Market Report: 2017-2022 India Inkjet Paper Market Report (Status and Outlook) Computer Projectors: Market Shares, Strategy, And Forecasts, Worldwide 2022 IMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against Snap Inc. and Encourages Investors With Losses Over $500,000 to Contact the Firm Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman IFF Announces Pricing of $500,000,000 Senior Notes Due 2047 NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. (NYSE:IFF) (Euronext Paris: IFF), a leading innovator of sensorial experiences that move the world, today announced that it priced an underwritten public offering of $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.375% senior notes due 2047. IFF intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to repay at maturity $250 million of its outstanding 6.25% Series A Senior Notes due September 27, 2017, to repay borrowings under its revolving credit facility, to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program, and to use the remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes. IFF anticipates that the offering will close on May 18, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. This offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus. A copy of the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering can be obtained by contacting Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll-free at 1-800-831-9146, or by mail at Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by e-mail: prospectus@citi.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at 1-212-834-4533, or by mail at J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179; or Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC toll-free at 1-866-718-1649, or by mail at Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, New York, NY 10014, or by e-mail: prospectus@morganstanley.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Meet IFF International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. (NYSE:IFF) (Euronext Paris:IFF) is a leading innovator of sensorial experiences that move the world. At the heart of our company, we are fueled by a sense of discovery, constantly asking “what if?”. That passion for exploration drives us to co-create unique products that consumers taste, smell, or feel in fine fragrances and beauty, detergents and household goods, as well as beloved foods and beverages. Our 7,400 team members globally take advantage of leading consumer insights, research and development, creative expertise, and customer intimacy to develop differentiated offerings for consumer products. Learn more at www.iff.com, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes “forward-looking statements” under the Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected closing of the offering and use of proceeds from the offering. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially, including, but not limited to, the ability to satisfy customary closing conditions with respect to the offering, prevailing market conditions, and the impact of general economic, industry or political conditions in the United States or internationally. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the offering, IFF and its business can be found in IFF’s SEC filings, including IFF’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 filed with the Commission on February 28, 2017. IFF undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EY Announces Finalists for the Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2017 Award in Orange County Next PostNext Mace Security International Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Search Recent Posts Around 400 people in two communities near Waterloo benefit from DFID funded WASH interventions Synthego First to Offer Over 100,000 Genomes in Powerful New CRISPR Software Samsung and Glympse Partner to Bring Location Sharing to the Living Room World Hypertension Day Reminder: A Five Minute Blood Pressure Check Could Save Your Life Bellevue by Cressey has officially broken ground Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Breaking Business News Small Business HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 WannaCry Eurovision 2017 Religion UL Video Home»Business Two more banks eyed after JPMorgan move Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Eamon Quinn Hopes are pinned on luring two more US investment banking giants to Ireland in the coming weeks, as global banks decide on new homes outside London following Brexit. Morgan Stanley and Bank of America Merrill Lynch are now heavily tipped to move at least some jobs out of London into Dublin, according to market sources. After multiple reports over several weeks, Wall Street giant JPMorgan confirmed it was setting up at least part of its home in Ireland and is buying a 130,000 sq ftbuilding, which is under construction in the Dublin docklands. For regulatory purposes, global investment banks must find new European homes inside the EU when the UK formally leaves the bloc in less than two years’ time. JPMorgan already has 500 employees in Ireland and the new building will likely help it accommodate up to 500 more posts which would otherwise be based in London The Irish authorities are courting the largest Wall Street investment giants at an early stage because the big banks have to make contingency plans earlier than other financial firms because of the scale of their activities and regulatory oversight spanning the US, the eurozone, and the UK. In time, all London-based international banks which currently can freely sell their services across the EU through so-called “passport-ing” rights will have to decide which EU financial centre to call their home after Brexit is completed. Though talks have yet to start, the UK has said it will not opt to stay in the single market at this stage. The authorities here are for the moist part competing against Frankfurt and Luxembourg. They hope that the confirmation by JPMorgan will help to encourage other investment banks as they weigh their decisions in the coming weeks. However, that does not mean that Ireland would secure all the jobs that the investment banks would likely shift out of London into other European centres. Morgan Stanley is reportedly also casting an eye over Frankfurt. Goldman Sachs has reportedly opted for Frankfurt, while Barclays may yet decide on Dublin. Nonetheless, securing some of the jobs from two more investment banking giants could help encourage other banking and asset management firms to locate in Ireland. According to estimates, about 9,000 jobs could be up for grabs in the first wave of decisions by the largest global banks this autumn. Thousands more jobs may move out of London but most likely to Frankfurt or Paris if the massive euro payments clearing operations were to shift from the UK. IDA chief executive Martin Shanahan said JPMorgan’s decision to expand here was “a strong vote of confidence in Ireland and its expanding international financial services sector, and shows that our track record, pro-business environment, highly skilled talented workforce and an unwavering commitment to the European single market continues to appeal to investors”. “IDA has been constantly engaged with JPMorgan over the past number of months,” he said. “We are delighted that the company has selected Dublin to grow some of its businesses and confirmed in recent weeks that our capital city will be one of the anchors for their post-Brexit European operations.” READ MORE Visit the section home page here © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section Euro rises amid latest White House troubles Man Utd revenues boosted by TV rights DCC share price slip despite strong first half EU report to focus on Irish home prices Breaking Stories Growth of exports to the UK slump to 2% FTSE 100 hits record close again LATEST: HSE rebooting 1,200 servers after global cyber attack Lifestyle Looking into your eyes for a view of your health Why a granny might be the perfect au pair Palestinian writer Raja Shehadeh is reading between the lines Darina Allen: Busy days at Ballymaloe as Litfest gets underway More From The Irish Examiner Check out this giant squid caught off the Kerry coast Video of toddler waiting for the beat to drop goes viral We now know why narwhals have tusks Don’t WannaCry? Here’s NUI Galway’s four step guide to beating ransomware Scientists identify 50-foot creature that washed up on Indonesian beach The cyber attack hero just got offered free pizza for an entire year Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Injustice 2 launches launch trailer ZeniMax files second VR lawsuit Lotto Results Saturday, May 13, 2017 4 16 33 39 43 47 19 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Vulnerable woman taken from traveller camp in drugged state Cork public asked to report sightings of rat-like coypu Gardaí seek help tracing missing Cork woman Cyclist killed in Cork collision named Ireland’s next property crash will happen in seven years Paris Jackson defends decision to pose topless as 'beautiful thing' State spends €11m caring for just 11 children People are seriously done with Fair City’s Katy storyline Pádraic Maher: Cork are a bit like us in 2009 Here’s what people have been saying about Redwater, the Irish Eastenders spin-off NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month SPORT Why two referees — at least — is better than one for GAA Michael Ryan: Were we championship ready? No, we weren’t LIFESTYLE Palestinian writer Raja Shehadeh is reading between the lines Why a granny might be the perfect au pair     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Uniqure NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Uniqure NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Motley Fool Asset Management LLC Purchases 95,300 Shares of Ctrip.Com International Ltd (CTRP) Motley Fool Asset Management LLC Has $6.297 Million Position in Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY Sells 1,200 Shares of Sensient Technologies Co. (SXT) Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY Maintains Stake in Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY Acquires 629,965 Shares of Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY Sells 4,000 Shares of Qorvo Inc (QRVO) Microsemi Co. (MSCC) Stake Lowered by Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY Meet Group Inc (MEET) Stake Raised by Alambic Investment Management L.P. Alambic Investment Management L.P. Has $2.515 Million Stake in Cree, Inc. (CREE) Acorda Therapeutics Inc (ACOR) Shares Bought by Alambic Investment Management L.P. Alambic Investment Management L.P. Has $2.57 Million Position in American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) Uniqure NV (QURE) Receives $12.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate AGNC Investment Corp (AGNC) to Post $0.60 Earnings Per Share Aecom (ACM) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.82 Per Share Hyatt Hotels (H) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows MasTec (MTZ) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.17 Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Affect Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings (NCLH) Share Price Lincoln Electric Holdings (LECO) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows II-VI (IIVI) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.12 IPG Photonics (IPGP) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Uniqure NV (QURE) Receives $12.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Uniqure NV (NASDAQ:QURE) has been given a consensus recommendation of “Buy” by the nine research firms that are presently covering the company. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and six have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average twelve-month price objective among analysts that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $12.45. QURE has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Uniqure NV in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Uniqure NV from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $6.50 price target for the company in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $8.00 price target on shares of Uniqure NV in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Finally, Chardan Capital reiterated a “positive” rating and set a $12.00 price target on shares of Uniqure NV in a report on Monday, January 30th. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Oxford Asset Management purchased a new position in shares of Uniqure NV during the first quarter worth approximately $100,000. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS purchased a new position in shares of Uniqure NV during the fourth quarter worth approximately $182,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Uniqure NV by 50.5% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 43,822 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $253,000 after buying an additional 14,702 shares during the last quarter. Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC raised its position in shares of Uniqure NV by 266.7% in the first quarter. Weiss Multi Strategy Advisers LLC now owns 55,000 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $318,000 after buying an additional 40,000 shares during the last quarter. Finally, FT Options LLC raised its position in shares of Uniqure NV by 116.1% in the fourth quarter. FT Options LLC now owns 65,158 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $365,000 after buying an additional 35,000 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 29.84% of the company’s stock. WARNING: “Uniqure NV (QURE) Receives $12.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/uniqure-nv-qure-receives-12-45-consensus-target-price-from-analysts.html. Uniqure NV (NASDAQ:QURE) traded up 1.78% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $5.14. 92,957 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $5.39 and a 200 day moving average price of $6.01. Uniqure NV has a 52 week low of $4.72 and a 52 week high of $14.59. The stock’s market cap is $129.67 million. Uniqure NV (NASDAQ:QURE) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The biotechnology company reported ($0.80) EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.64) by $0.16. Uniqure NV had a negative return on equity of 70.75% and a negative net margin of 370.57%. The business had revenue of $3.32 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.20 million. Analysts expect that Uniqure NV will post ($3.21) EPS for the current fiscal year. About Uniqure NV uniQure N.V. (uniQure) is a gene therapy company. The Company is engaged in developing single treatments with curative results for patients suffering from genetic and other severe diseases. The Company is advancing a focused pipeline of gene therapies that have been developed both internally and through partnerships. Receive News & Ratings for Uniqure NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Uniqure NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Wednesday, 17 May, 2017 E-Paper Subscription Newsletter × This website uses cookies for analytic purposes and to run the ad system, take a look at our Cookie Policy for more information. You will be advised again in one (1) year. Change Edition       Luxembourg Politics International Business Culture Sport Lifestyle Panorama Community Videos Photos Blogs Dossiers Weather Traffic Weddings Births Obituaries Memorial pages Stock exchange Emergencies Masses Competitions Classified ads Immo Jobs Cinema Events Calendar E-paper Subscription Business Business Deutsche Ausgabe Edition francophone Contacto Luxembourg Politics International Business Culture Sport Lifestyle Panorama Community Videos Photos Blogs Dossiers Weather Traffic Weddings Births Obituaries  Obituaries Memorial pages Classified ads Services  Stock exchange Emergencies Masses Immo Jobs Competitions Cinema Events Calendar Financial services Luxembourg fund industry grows to more than €3.7trn in assets A view of the Kirchberg plateau in Luxembourg. Photo: Shutterstock Published on Wednesday, 17 May, 2017 at 06:30 (sth) – Luxembourg's fund industry continues to grow apace, according to a recent study by Monterey Insight. The research company found that Luxembourg-domiciled funds boasted more than 3,977 billion US dollars (3,771 billion euros) in assets under management (AUM) in 2016, a 3% increase compared with the 3,857 billion dollars reported in 2015. State Street retained its top ranking as the largest administrator by total net assets, with $703.2 billion, followed by JP Morgan Bank ($548.8bn), BNY Mellon ($304.5bn) and BNP Paribas ($285.6bn). Among fund managers, the largest promoter or initiator of Luxembourg-domiciled schemes was JP Morgan ($294.6bn), followed by Deutsche Asset Management ($176.5bn) and BlackRock Financial Management ($145.5bn). As has been the case for much of the past decade, JP Morgan Bank had the largest proportion of assets under custody, at $761.7 billion, ahead of State Street ($704.7bn) and Brown Brothers Harriman ($331.2bn). This year, for the first time, Monterey Insight added a transfer-agent ranking, led by State Street, with a total of $555.8 billion in assets and 1,503 funds. RBC Investors Services Bank followed in second place with $489.5bn in assets, and JP Morgan in third, with $382.5bn. PwC building in Cloche d'Or Photo: Pierre Matgé PwC defends leading auditor position In the auditors category, PwC maintained its lead, auditing 5,878 sub-funds, ahead of KPMG (3,359) and Deloitte (2,629). For legal advisers, Arendt & Medernach was able to maintain first place by number of funds (3,788), just ahead of Elvinger, Hoss & Prussen (3,346). Looking at market share by total net assets, however, Elvinger, Hoss & Prussen was able to defend its top ranking, as has largely been the case for the last 10 years. As with the year previous, equity funds accounted for the lion's share (29%) of total fund assets in Luxembourg at $1,145.7 billion dollars, followed by bond funds, which increased in number to 3,018, and in assets to $1,140.8 billion, up from 2,940 and $1,077.4 billion. Cash products were also on the rise, growing by 8%, while alternative investments grew by 5%. Over the course of 2016, 1,591 funds were launched with total assets of $149 billion, representing an increase of 9% compared with the previous year. For these newly launched funds, the top sectors were traditional investments such as global bonds and global mixed equities bonds, with total assets of $86.6 billion, accounting for 58% of assets launched in 2016. Get the latest news by signing up to our newsletter, following us on Facebook or Twitter. More on this theme Brexit M&G Investments to set up management company in Luxembourg Surge of interest More than 20 offers made for RBS SA Please note that the comments published on this site are carefully monitored and validated before publication by our staff. Saint-Paul Luxembourg will not be held responsible for comments and public reactions published by users on social networks (Facebook, Twitter etc.) relating to articles published on one of their websites. Also of interest ECJ Luxembourg court deals blow to quick EU trade deals Airlines Cargolux, Emirates team up for partnership Economy IMF sings praises of Luxembourg's economic policies Labour law Gender pay gap punishable by law in Luxembourg Finance Luxembourg signs 27th EU tax convention with Cyprus To the home page To the home page Newsletter Get your daily newsletter Not valid email! Subscribe Subscribe to the Feel free to contact us: 4993 93 93 Subscribe now Latest news Luxembourg Politics International Business Culture Sport Lifestyle Panorama Community Services Weather Traffic information Stock exchange Emergencies Masses Announcements Partner sites Real estate Luxembourg - wortimmo.lu mywort.lu mystuff.lu gedenken.lu jobfinder.lu editions.lu libo.lu radiolatina.lu regie.lu Luxemburger Wort Imprint General terms and conditions of use Contact E-Paper Subscription Newsletter Follow us on social networks © 2017 Luxemburger Wort. All rights reserved
17/05/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Newsletter Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Video Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Programs Europe State of the union World World news Insiders Focus Insight The global conversation Cop22 View Aid zone Business Markets Business line Miptv – mipcom Business planet Real economy Target Sport The corner Speed Gravity Culture Cinema Postcards Cult Wander Metropolitans Musica Life Adventures Sci-tech Futuris Smart care Sci-tech Boarding pass Space All programs Channels Living It Savoir-faire Savoir-vivre Style & trends Cuisine & wellness Travel & design Rides & experiences News Europe World Business Sport Quotes Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech Video No Comment Bulletin Live European affairs Europe All views World 17/05/2017 Senators call on Trump to reveal information about Russian meeting Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The President should make full unedited transcripts available immediately. No ifs, no ands, no buts." Chuck Schumer Senate minority leader World 16/05/2017 Trump and Erdoğan to fight terror together, despite disagreement over the enemy Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We support Turkey in the first fight against terror and terror groups like ISIS and the PKK" Donald Trump US president World 16/05/2017 Trump defends giving Russia highly classified intelligence Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet Business 16/05/2017 UK inflation at highest since 2013, wages not keeping up with prices Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Rising prices are hammering pay packets" Frances O'Grady Trades Union Congress General Secretary World 16/05/2017 Britain's Labour party promises a vote on Brexit deal if it wins election Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Only Labour has the plan to make Brexit work for ordinary people" Jeremy Corbyn Labour Party leader World 16/05/2017 White House denies claims Trump disclosed classified information to Russia Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I was in the room, it didn't happen." H.R. McMaster National Security Adviser World 16/05/2017 Ivory Coast mutineers reject deal to end revolt Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "All we want is what we are owed." Soldier World 15/05/2017 Palestinians mark 69th Nakba anniversary Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet more quotes Weather Bulletin Live Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > JPMorgan's Dimon defends alignment with Trump, deregulation efforts Aa Aa Now Reading: JPMorgan's Dimon defends alignment with Trump, deregulation efforts 16/05/2017 JPMorgan's Dimon defends alignment with Trump, deregulation efforts REUTERS 16/05/2017 By Dan Freed NEW YORK (Reuters) – JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N> Chief Executive Jamie Dimon on Tuesday responded to criticism from angry shareholders of his role advising President Donald Trump on economic matters, saying he would help “any president” in office. At the bank’s annual meeting in Wilmington, Delaware, several attendees demanded answers from Dimon about his role on a White House business council and JPMorgan’s involvement with financial deregulation efforts in Washington. “I would try to help any president of the United States, because I’m a patriot,” Dimon said. “That does not mean we agree with all the policies that an administration comes up with.” Asked whether he would step down from Trump’s Strategic and Policy Forum, which includes over a dozen leaders of major corporations, Dimon said simply, “No.” Like annual shareholder meetings held by other big U.S. banks this year, JPMorgan’s was dominated by activists concerned about Trump’s positions on immigration, minorities, human rights and the environment. The actual business of the meeting was less controversial: voting shareholders sided with management on all major resolutions, including the election of directors and executive compensation. Activists’ proposals were rejected. In discussing Trump, Dimon repeated a metaphor he has used several times about the president being a pilot and the United States an airplane. He also defended JPMorgan’s track record with issues shareholders raised, including its support for “free and fair trade” with Mexico, and argued that efforts to reduce Wall Street regulations will help the economy. (Reporting by Dan Freed; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Dan Grebler) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories USA 17/05/2017 Trump 'halted FBI investigation' into former aide USA 17/05/2017 Senators call on Trump to reveal information about Russian meeting Austria 17/05/2017 Early elections to be held in Austria after coalition breaks down Most viewed world news 16/05/2017 What's happened to Trump's Mexican border wall? USA 16/05/2017 Trump defends giving Russia highly classified intelligence world news 16/05/2017 Willkommen, bienvenue, welcome to the EU's 'Tower of Babel' translators brussels bureau 16/05/2017 EU threat of legal action over slow relocation of refugees economy 16/05/2017 IMF to Germany: spend more! Editor's choice world news 16/05/2017 What's happened to Trump's Mexican border wall? world news 15/05/2017 A hangover cure that actually works? world news 16/05/2017 Little girl survives being run over in China Flashback: one year ago United Kingdom 17/05/2016 Boris Johnson accused of "political amnesia" economy 17/05/2016 Leaders sign off on pipeline to bring gas from Azerbaijan to Europe brussels bureau 17/05/2016 The Brief from Brussels: EU's Tusk enters Brexit row France 17/05/2016 Francois Hollande scores lowest poll for a French president France 17/05/2016 France poised for fresh strike action over labour reform bill Editor's choice world news 16/05/2017 What's happened to Trump's Mexican border wall? world news 15/05/2017 A hangover cure that actually works? world news 16/05/2017 Little girl survives being run over in China world news 15/05/2017 What does Malware mean for you? world news 16/05/2017 New Inmarsat satellite in orbit View 11/05/2017 How China is connecting the world world news 16/05/2017 Abandon all good taste, ye who enter the Romanian Museum of Kitsch! world news 16/05/2017 Willkommen, bienvenue, welcome to the EU's 'Tower of Babel' translators world news 15/05/2017 Who will be the next FBI boss? Here are some serious candidates Channels Weather Bulletin Live Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Browse today's tags Donald Trump USA United Kingdom European Union American politics Protest Russia Brexit Verticals Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Quotes Topics Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video Programs Channels Live Bulletin Weather Just In Widgets & Services Euronews radio Africanews Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video Programmes 17/05/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Newsletter
Search Newsweek Search form Search Search form Search U.S. World Business Tech & Science Culture Sports Opinion Subscribe To Newsweek Sign In Subscribe To Newsweek Change Your Edition US International Middle East 日本 한국 Pakistan Polska Srbija Sign In U.S. Jamie Dimon, Head of JPMorgan Chase, Pressed on Private Prisons, Trump Council Seat By Josh Saul On 5/16/17 at 6:19 PM Close U.S. Demonstrators marched to JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s annual meeting in Wilmington, Delaware, on Tuesday to protest the bank’s financing of private prisons and CEO Jamie Dimon’s seat on President Donald Trump’s business advisory council. Several protesters attended the meeting and pressed Dimon on the bank’s financing of debt for CoreCivic Inc. and Geo Group Inc., companies that operate immigration detention centers. “I stood right in front of him and asked him what he is going to do to separate himself from the Trump administration and from the business of immigrant detention,” Maria Rubio, an immigrant from Honduras who now lives in Brooklyn, tells Newsweek. Subscribe to Newsweek from $1 per week “I said that I was opposed to the executive pay resolution, and in particular that someone would be enriching himself so much at the same time that he was participating in the suffering of our community.” Dimon made $28 million last year. Rubio’s comments to Newsweek were translated from Spanish by an organizer for immigrant rights group Make the Road New York, of which she is a member. Demonstrators protest the JPMorgan Chase & Co. annual meeting over financing of private prisons and CEO seat on President Trump's economic council. Courtesy Make The Road New York Dimon said he would check into Rubio’s concerns. “We will look into the funding of these prisons you’re talking about,” Dimon answered during the meeting, according to Bloomberg. “I’m not sure we completely agree with you.” Dimon, who gave over $500,000 to Democratic politicians between 1989 and 2009,  also rejected calls that he leave Trump’s business council, saying, “He’s the pilot flying the airplane.… We’re trying to help. I would try to help any president of the United States because I’m a patriot,” Bloomberg reported. JPMorgan Chase has given CoreCivic a $132.5 million line of credit and was one of several banks that combined to give Geo Group a $900 million line of credit, according to Oakland, California, think tank In The Public Interest, which called the bank, “One of the private prison industry’s most dedicated lenders.” The election of President Trump is generally seen as a boon for the private prison industry, with U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions reversing an Obama order that phased out their use for federal prisoners. Stocks of both companies have spiked sharply since November. About 250 protesters marched from a branch of Wells Fargo—another company that immigrant and workers’ rights groups have branded as “Corporate Backers of Hate”—to the JPMorgan Chase meeting. The marchers carried signs that read “Their profits/our pain” and “Resist!” “I felt good that he had to listen to us and take us into account and respond to us,” Rubio says. “Now we’re going to be watching carefully to make sure that he really does it. Request Reprint or Submit Correction Join the Discussion Most Read Related Stories The New Alamo Jamie Dimon: America's Most Important Banker Prison Company Geo Group Reaps Rewards of Backing Trump Most Read © 2017 Newsweek LLC Sign up For The Newsletter About Us Corrections Contact Us Newsweek Media Group Careers Advertise Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Archive Recent Issues Subscribe May 12 Issue Why Jack Ma's Second Act Will Be Tougher Than His First Space: The Final Homework Frontier Trump’s Tax Cuts Ignore History and Arithmetic May 05 Issue What War With North Korea Looks Like How a Robot Worm Could Make Colonoscopies Fun (Really) CIA Drone Strike Nearly Killed Head of Al-Qaeda April 28 Issue Uncle Sam Wants You…to Be a Racist! Haiti's Sexual Violence Survivors Make Themselves Seen Is Alexei Navalny the Kremlin's Kryptonite? April 21 Issue Can James Comey Escape the Clinton Email Debacle? Can James Comey Untangle the Trump-Russia Allegations? Can Ukraine Win Over Pro-Russian Citizens in the East? Browse Archives
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman EPR Properties Prices $450 Million of 4.500% Senior Notes due 2027 KANSAS CITY, Mo.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–EPR Properties (NYSE:EPR) (the „Company”) announced today that it has priced an underwritten public offering of $450 million of 4.500% Senior Notes due 2027. The notes will be guaranteed by certain of the Company’s subsidiaries. The offering is expected to close on May 23, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. and BNP Paribas Securities Corp. are acting as joint lead managers, and UMB Financial Services, Inc. and BOK Financial Securities, Inc. are acting as co-managers for the offering. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from its offering to repay the outstanding principal balance of its unsecured revolving credit facility, which was approximately $375.0 million at May 12, 2017, and the remaining amount of net proceeds for general business purposes, which may include funding the Company’s ongoing pipeline of acquisition and build-to-suit projects. Pending application of any portion of the net proceeds from the offering to the uses described above, the Company may invest such proceeds in interest-bearing accounts and short-term interest-bearing securities which are consistent with the Company’s qualification as a real estate investment trust. The notes will be issued pursuant to a prospectus supplement and an accompanying prospectus filed as part of an effective shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form S-3. A written prospectus and prospectus supplement relating to the offering, when available, may be obtained by contacting Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, at 200 North College Street, NC1-004-03-43, 3rd Floor, Charlotte, NC 28255-0001, Attention: Prospectus Department, or by calling (800) 294-1322 or emailing dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, at 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 3rd Floor, or by calling collect (212) 834-4533; or RBC Capital Markets, LLC, at 200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10281, or by calling (866) 375-6829 or emailing rbcnyfixedincomeprospectus@rbccm.com. You may also get these documents free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of the notes in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About EPR Properties EPR Properties is a specialty real estate investment trust (REIT) that invests in properties in select market segments which require unique industry knowledge, while offering the potential for stable and attractive returns. Our total investments exceed $5.5 billion and our primary investment segments are Entertainment, Recreation and Education. We adhere to rigorous underwriting and investing criteria centered on key industry and property level cash flow standards. We believe our focused niche approach provides a competitive advantage, and the potential for higher growth and better yields. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS With the exception of historical information, certain statements contained or incorporated by reference herein may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), such as those pertaining to our acquisition or disposition of properties, our capital resources, future expenditures for development projects, and our results of operations. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties and you should not rely on them as predictions of actual events. There is no assurance the events or circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will occur. You can identify forward-looking statements by use of words such as “will be,” “intend,” “continue,” “believe,” “expect,” “hope,” “anticipate,” “goal,” “forecast,” “expects,” “pipeline,” “estimates,” “offers,” “plans,” “would,” “may” or other similar expressions or other comparable terms or discussions of strategy, plans or intentions contained or incorporated by reference herein. Forward-looking statements necessarily are dependent on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise. These forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations and beliefs and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Many of the factors that will determine these items are beyond our ability to control or predict. For further discussion of these factors see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and, to the extent applicable, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof or the date of any document incorporated by reference herein. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to our forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Uterine fibroid treatment Market Research Report: Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast up to 2023 Next PostNext Vice President, Acquisitions/Dispositions – Midwest Region Search Recent Posts Wireless Blood Pressure Monitors Market sales by Product Types, Application and Growth Forecasts to 2021 Mobile Services Market Analysis 2017 (By Segment, Key Players and Applications) and Forecasts To 2022 Electric Vehicle Market 2017: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segmentation, Key Players Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Neonatal Ventilator Market sales Analysis by Top Key Players, Industry Overview, Supply and Consumption Demand Analysis to 2021 Cloud Collaboration 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 11.09% and Forecast to 2020 RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,980 -2.19 -0.01% Nasdaq 6,170 +20.20 +0.33% S&P 500 2,401 -1.65 -0.07% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens lower by 0.8% to 12,704 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens lower by 0.7% at 5,368.46 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens lower by 0.4% at 7,491.28 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens lower by 0.5% at 393.86 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The pound faces these hurdles as it battles to reclaim $1.30 2:50 A.M. ET FTSE 100 futures down 0.3% as U.S. stock futures drop 2:49 A.M. ET DAX 30, CAC 40 index futures down 0.5% as U.S. futures drop 2:46 A.M. ET Euro trading above $1.11 for first time since November 2:38 A.M. ET Opinion 3 ways Macron could change the eurozone for the better 2:38 A.M. ET Lloyds Bank returns to private ownership 2:37 A.M. ET Foxtons revenue falls 25%, but in line with view 2:23 A.M. ET ABN AMRO profit up 30%; progress made on targets 1:33 A.M. ET U.S. stock futures under pressure amid fresh concerns over Trump 1:00 A.M. ET June gold futures up $6.90, or 0.6%, to $1,243.30 an ounce 1:00 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures fall 25.25 points, or 0.4%, to 5,699 1:00 A.M. ET DJIA futures down 96 points, or 0.5%, to 20,839 12:59 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures down 12.35 points, or 0.5%, to 2,384.75 12:59 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures down 12.35 points, or 0.5%, to 2,384.75 12:59 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures down 12.35 points, or 0.5%, to 2,384.75 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices under pressure amid fresh concerns about U.S. supply Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release EPR Properties Prices $450 Million of 4.500% Senior Notes due 2027 By Published: May 16, 2017 4:58 p.m. ET Share KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 16, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- EPR Properties EPR, -1.07% (the "Company") announced today that it has priced an underwritten public offering of $450 million of 4.500% Senior Notes due 2027. The notes will be guaranteed by certain of the Company's subsidiaries. The offering is expected to close on May 23, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. and BNP Paribas Securities Corp. are acting as joint lead managers, and UMB Financial Services, Inc. and BOK Financial Securities, Inc. are acting as co-managers for the offering. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from its offering to repay the outstanding principal balance of its unsecured revolving credit facility, which was approximately $375.0 million at May 12, 2017, and the remaining amount of net proceeds for general business purposes, which may include funding the Company's ongoing pipeline of acquisition and build-to-suit projects. Pending application of any portion of the net proceeds from the offering to the uses described above, the Company may invest such proceeds in interest-bearing accounts and short-term interest-bearing securities which are consistent with the Company's qualification as a real estate investment trust. The notes will be issued pursuant to a prospectus supplement and an accompanying prospectus filed as part of an effective shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form S-3. A written prospectus and prospectus supplement relating to the offering, when available, may be obtained by contacting Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, at 200 North College Street, NC1-004-03-43, 3rd Floor, Charlotte, NC 28255-0001, Attention: Prospectus Department, or by calling (800) 294-1322 or emailing dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, at 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 3rd Floor, or by calling collect (212) 834-4533; or RBC Capital Markets, LLC, at 200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10281, or by calling (866) 375-6829 or emailing rbcnyfixedincomeprospectus@rbccm.com. You may also get these documents free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of the notes in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About EPR Properties EPR Properties is a specialty real estate investment trust (REIT) that invests in properties in select market segments which require unique industry knowledge, while offering the potential for stable and attractive returns. Our total investments exceed $5.5 billion and our primary investment segments are Entertainment, Recreation and Education. We adhere to rigorous underwriting and investing criteria centered on key industry and property level cash flow standards. We believe our focused niche approach provides a competitive advantage, and the potential for higher growth and better yields. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS With the exception of historical information, certain statements contained or incorporated by reference herein may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), such as those pertaining to our acquisition or disposition of properties, our capital resources, future expenditures for development projects, and our results of operations. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties and you should not rely on them as predictions of actual events. There is no assurance the events or circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will occur. You can identify forward-looking statements by use of words such as “will be,” “intend,” “continue,” “believe,” “expect,” “hope,” “anticipate,” “goal,” “forecast,” “expects,” “pipeline,” “estimates,” “offers,” “plans,” “would,” “may” or other similar expressions or other comparable terms or discussions of strategy, plans or intentions contained or incorporated by reference herein. Forward-looking statements necessarily are dependent on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise. These forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations and beliefs and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Many of the factors that will determine these items are beyond our ability to control or predict. For further discussion of these factors see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and, to the extent applicable, our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof or the date of any document incorporated by reference herein. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to our forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170516006762/en/ SOURCE: EPR Properties EPR Properties Brian Moriarty 1-888-EPR-REIT Vice President – Corporate Communications brianm@eprkc.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References EPR -0.75 -1.07% Most Popular This is one reason why the rich will get richer The shocking details you reveal about yourself when you ‘like’ things on Facebook This is the high-tech country to watch for clues on S&P 500 earnings Asian markets mostly down as dollar continues to fall How the Comey Uproar Threatens Trump's Agenda Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found EPR Properties U.S.: NYSE: EPR $69.63 -0.75 (-1.07%) Volume 785.3K Open $70.87 High $71.00 Low $69.20 P/E Ratio 22.1 Div Yield 5.86 Market Cap 5.2B
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Edison International - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edison International with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $97.1 Million in Sales Expected for Xcerra Corp (XCRA) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Expect BMC Stock Holdings Inc (BMCH) to Post $0.37 Earnings Per Share Analysts Anticipate Investors Real Estate Trust (IRET) Will Post Earnings of $0.11 Per Share Zacks: Exterran Corp (EXTN) Given $32.00 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Analysts Set $118.00 Target Price for PS Business Parks Inc (PSB) Zacks: Brokerages Expect Control4 Corp (CTRL) Will Post Earnings of $0.11 Per Share Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Price Target Increased to $72.00 by Analysts at Needham & Company LLC Teza Capital Management LLC Increases Position in Edison International (EIX) Teza Capital Management LLC Buys New Stake in Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Birmingham Capital Management Co. Inc. AL Maintains Stake in Pinnacle West Capital Co. (PNW) Northstar Investment Advisors LLC Sells 2,500 Shares of Expeditors International of Washington (EXPD) Catabasis Pharmaceuticals Inc (CATB) Given Outperform Rating at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Medley Capital Corp (MCC) Given New $6.00 Price Target at National Securities Lee Danner & Bass Inc. Has $291,000 Position in TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) Clarius Group LLC Has $83.7 Million Position in PACCAR Inc (PCAR) Public Storage (PSA) Stake Lowered by Northstar Investment Advisors LLC Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (TSM) Downgraded to Neutral at Credit Suisse Group AG Teza Capital Management LLC Takes Position in L3 Technologies Inc (LLL) Vical Incorporated (VICL) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.07 EPS Intrust Bank NA Acquires 13,588 Shares of HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) Teza Capital Management LLC Increases Position in Edison International (EIX) May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Teza Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Edison International (NYSE:EIX) by 218.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 36,483 shares of the utilities provider’s stock after buying an additional 25,018 shares during the period. Edison International makes up about 0.8% of Teza Capital Management LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 9th largest position. Teza Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Edison International were worth $2,904,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in EIX. Norges Bank bought a new stake in Edison International during the fourth quarter worth approximately $300,299,000. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its stake in Edison International by 14.3% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 11,220,099 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $810,652,000 after buying an additional 1,403,621 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Edison International by 8.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,550,763 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $1,268,042,000 after buying an additional 1,327,608 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in Edison International during the fourth quarter worth approximately $87,078,000. Finally, FIL Ltd increased its stake in Edison International by 144.5% in the fourth quarter. FIL Ltd now owns 2,031,339 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $146,236,000 after buying an additional 1,200,526 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 81.30% of the company’s stock. Edison International (NYSE:EIX) traded down 1.08% on Tuesday, hitting $77.87. The stock had a trading volume of 1,655,884 shares. Edison International has a 52 week low of $67.44 and a 52 week high of $81.33. The stock has a market capitalization of $25.37 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.44 and a beta of 0.15. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $80.03 and a 200-day moving average price of $74.91. Edison International (NYSE:EIX) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The utilities provider reported $1.10 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.89 by $0.21. The business had revenue of $2.46 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.71 billion. Edison International had a return on equity of 9.59% and a net margin of 8.80%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up .9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.82 EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that Edison International will post $4.20 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 31st. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 30th will be paid a dividend of $0.5425 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 28th. This represents a $2.17 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.79%. Edison International’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 80.67%. WARNING: “Teza Capital Management LLC Increases Position in Edison International (EIX)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/teza-capital-management-llc-increases-position-in-edison-international-eix.html. A number of equities research analysts recently commented on EIX shares. Evercore ISI upgraded Edison International from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $76.00 price objective for the company in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Barclays PLC upped their price objective on Edison International from $73.00 to $77.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a report on Friday, January 20th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Edison International from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $84.00 price objective on shares of Edison International in a report on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG upped their price objective on Edison International from $79.00 to $81.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. Edison International currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $82.41. In other Edison International news, insider Gaddi H. Vasquez sold 3,657 shares of Edison International stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.00, for a total transaction of $292,560.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 7,466 shares in the company, valued at approximately $597,280. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Ronald L. Litzinger sold 26,035 shares of Edison International stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.85, for a total value of $2,052,859.75. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 58,227 shares of company stock valued at $4,486,247 in the last quarter. Company insiders own 1.51% of the company’s stock. About Edison International Edison International is the holding company of Southern California Edison Company (SCE). As of December 31, 2016, SCE, a public utility, was primarily engaged in the business of supplying and delivering electricity to an approximately 50,000 square mile area of southern California. The Company is also the parent company of Edison Energy Group, Inc (Edison Energy Group), a holding company for subsidiaries engaged in pursuing competitive business opportunities across energy services and distributed solar to commercial and industrial customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EIX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Edison International (NYSE:EIX). Receive News & Ratings for Edison International Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edison International and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Dimon Says He'll Look Into Concerns About Private Prison Financing by Jennifer Surane @jennysurane More stories by Jennifer Surane and Felice Maranz More stories by Felice Maranz May 16, 2017, 1:13 PM EDT JPMorgan CEO says he might not agree with companies’ critics Prison firms have gained on optimism Trump would support them Jamie Dimon Photographer: Jason Alden/Bloomberg Jamie Dimon said JPMorgan Chase & Co. will look into investors’ concerns about whether the bank should continue to help finance private prisons. The chief executive officer came under fire Tuesday at the company’s annual meeting for the bank’s role in financing debt for companies including the Geo Group Inc. and CoreCivic Inc., which operate privately-owned prisons and immigrant detention centers. Some investors and protesters urged JPMorgan to end its relationship with such firms, arguing that they make money off human suffering and violate immigrants’ rights. “We will look into the funding of these prisons you’re talking about,” Dimon said at the meeting in Wilmington, Delaware. “I’m not sure we completely agree with you.” Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up Geo Group and CoreCivic have gained since the U.S. presidential election on expectations the Trump administration’s law-and-order stance and immigration policies would boost business, with Geo increasing 108 percent and CoreCivic climbing 140 percent since Nov. 8. In February, Attorney General Jeff Sessions rescinded an Obama administration order directing the Federal Bureau of Prisons to phase out its use of private prisons. Helping Trump Dimon, 61, was also criticized for his role on President Trump’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He rejected their calls to leave the group, saying simply “no.” The CEO said while he doesn’t agree with all of the president’s policies, he still wants to help him lead the country. “He’s the pilot flying our airplane,” Dimon said. “We’re trying to help. I would try to help any president of the United States because I’m a patriot.” During the meeting JPMorgan shareholders also re-elected all of the bank’s directors, with each receiving at least 95 percent of the votes, according to a preliminary tally from the company. Roughly 92 percent of voters approved the lender’s executive-compensation plan, the same level as last year. And they rejected all six shareholder proposals, the totals show. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Rich Retirees Are Hoarding Cash Out of Fear Mom-and-Pop Joints Are Trouncing America's Big Restaurant Chains Apple Plans Laptop Upgrades to Take on Microsoft 25 Million Americans Could Find Mortgage Tax Break Useless Under Trump’s Plan Fyre Festival Was Buried Under Millions in Debt Before It Even Began Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman JPMorgan Chase Declares Common Stock Dividend NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–The Board of Directors of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”) today declared a quarterly dividend on the outstanding shares of the common stock of JPMorgan Chase. Information can be found on the Firm’s Investor Relations website at jpmorganchase.com/press-releases. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Synaptics to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences Next PostNext W. R. Berkley Corporation Increases Regular Quarterly Dividend and Declares Special Cash Dividend Search Recent Posts Intravenous Parenteral Nutrition Market: Evolving Technology, Trends and Industry Analysis 2022 Anaemic economic growth in some regions hampers progress on Global Goals, UN report finds NOWDiagnostics CEO Kevin Clark to Address Technology Conference Illinois.com Domain Name Up for Sale Introducing The Eight Companies Selected For The R/GA Marketing Tech Venture Studio With IPG And Snap Inc. RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Money Last Modified: Wed, May 17 2017. 03 37 AM IST CARE, Crisil didn’t follow due process in Amtek Auto case: Sebi Sebi says CARE, Crisil did not follow due process and failed in monitoring ratings of JP Morgan’s credit opportunity fund and Amtek Auto at the time of the redemption crisis Subscribe to our newsletter. Jayshree P. Upadhyay Sebi launched a probe in the aftermath of a redemption crisis faced by JP Morgan India Treasury Fund and JP Morgan India Short Term Income Fund in August 2015. Photo: Mumbai: India’s market regulator has sent show-cause notices to two ratings agencies, alleging that they did not follow due process and had failed in monitoring the ratings of JP Morgan’s credit opportunity fund and Amtek Auto Ltd, said two people with direct knowledge of the development. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has started hearing officials from Crisil Ltd and Credit Analysis and Research Ltd (CARE), the two said on condition of anonymity. Sebi launched a probe in the aftermath of a redemption crisis faced by JP Morgan India Treasury Fund and JP Morgan India Short Term Income Fund in August 2015. The crisis was brought on by a sharp downgrade and withdrawal of ratings on the bonds of Amtek Auto, which was on the verge of defaulting on Rs800 crore in bond repayments. A Sebi spokesperson did not respond to an email seeking comment. “As the matter is presently under the regulatory and legal ambit, we would like to refrain from making any comments on this issue,” a Crisil spokesperson said in an emailed response. A CARE spokesperson declined to comment. Sebi completed its investigation in 2016 and issued the show-cause notices early this year. The regulator has alleged that CARE failed to place the ratings of the company on credit watch and suspended ratings without downgrading them first, said one of the two people cited earlier. “At times, companies stop cooperating with ratings agencies and do not disclose information that helps them arrive at the correct ratings. In such circumstances the agency is required to interact with debenture trustees and banks regarding the conduct of the issuer,” said the second person. “In this case CARE Ratings failed to do so. Additionally, it considered standalone instead of consolidated financials of Amtek Auto and downgraded the rating by only one notch.” CARE chose to suspend its rating on Amtek Auto on 7 August 2015. At the time, the agency had given Amtek Auto a rating of AA-, signifying a relatively high degree of safety on timely servicing of financial obligations. Such instruments carry very low credit risk. In the case of Crisil, the regulator has alleged that the rating agency did not conduct a monthly review of JP Morgan Treasury Fund in March, April, June and July 2015, said the second person. Crisil was supposed to do this according to its own policy to assess the credit quality of bond funds. The rating agency also did not “consider information in the public domain about securities it did not rate, but were part of the holdings of the mutual fund. Thus, their rating did not reflect the true position of the scheme,” the person said. Crisil Ltd had assigned the scheme a rating of AAAmfs (the highest portfolio credit quality) in May 2015. Subsequently, Crisil revised the rating in three stages over two months. On 1 September, it downgraded the scheme from AAAmfs to A+mfs. On 29 September, it was downgraded to BBBmfs, which meant an eight-notch decline within a month. Finally, on 15 October, Crisil placed the scheme on “notice of withdrawal”. “The issue is to analyse whether the rating agencies just rely on the information given by (a) company to arrive at a rating or go deeper into publicly available information and data,” said Shriram Subramanian, founder and managing director of InGovern Research Services Pvt. Ltd, a proxy advisory firm. “The other inherent problem is conflict of interest, where the ratings agencies receive remuneration from the companies they are rating.” To address concerns over suspension of ratings, Sebi in November last year tightened its regulations. The amended rules asked ratings agencies to disclose how they rate a company, the rating history and the responsibility of their analysts and sought a detailed explanation in the event of a sudden ratings downgrade. Jayshree P. Upadhyay Topics: Sebi Amtek Auto CARE Ratings Crisil JP Morgan funds More From Livemint READ MORE Global gold prices shine as Donald Trump’s mounting troubles hurt dollar Great Eastern Energy to invest $1 billion on natural gas, shale SC asks AIMPLB: Can women have option of saying no to triple talaq in ‘nikahnama’? First Published: Wed, May 17 2017. 01 40 AM IST Editor's Picks CBI, I-T raids on Lalu Prasad, Chidambaram revive corruption debate Airtel-Tikona deal: Reliance Jio asks telecom dept to withhold clearance Maruti Suzuki CEO questions govt’s ambitious electric vehicle plans Latest News Global gold prices shine as Donald Trump’s mounting troubles hurt dollar Great Eastern Energy to invest $1 billion on natural gas, shale SC asks AIMPLB: Can women have option of saying no to triple talaq in ‘nikahnama’? Cannes Film Festival 2017: A to Z IAS officer Anurag Tiwari found dead near guest house in Lucknow Mint On Sunday The amazing adventures of Dadasaheb Phalke Naxals and their international counterparts Between a mercenary and a missionary A bra that fits? Letter from... Thrissur Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Unlock the Secret Deals You Didn't Know Existed Home | Street Talk Tags: Jamie Dimon | JPMorgan | banks | Donald Trump Jamie Dimon: I'll Help Trump Because 'I'm a Patriot' Jamie Dimon (AP file) By R Williams   |   Tuesday, 16 May 2017 03:55 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Jamie Dimon, the chairman and chief executive officer of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., told shareholders that he supports President Donald Trump out of patriotic duty. He spoke at the bank’s annual shareholder meeting and urged the business community to work with the Trump administration to tackle issues like preparing young people to enter the work force, according to CNBC. "He is the President of the United States. I believe he is the pilot flying our airplane," Dimon said at the shareholder meeting in Delaware, "I would try to help any President of the United States because I'm a patriot." Dimon is a registered Democrat who has said he wants to stay out of party politics and focus on solutions to helping the U.S. economy, which has suffered from wage stagnation and shrinking participation in the work force in the past 30 years. Dimon is chairman of the Business Roundtable, a conservative group of CEOs formed to promote pro-business public policy. During a Q&A with shareholders, Dimon was asked about his willingness to support Trump. Dimon said he believes there are serious problems that need fixing, such as education, infrastructure and tax reform. "Our corporate tax system is driving capital and brains overseas and excessive regulation is reducing growth and business formation particularly for small businesses," he told the audience. He said it’s also OK to disagree with some of the administration’s policies. He repeated his claim that crisis-era financial rules on banks need to be loosened up "We are not looking to throw out the entirety of Dodd-Frank or other rules, it is however appropriate to open up the rulebook in the light of day and rework the rules and regulations that don't work well or are unnecessary," Dimon said. "We believe that changes can and should be made to preserve the safety and soundness of the financial system". Shareholders voted to re-elect all 12 directors almost unanimously. Last week, Dimon said America faces a “national catastrophe” from a failing educational system with high dropout rates and young people who aren’t prepared to enter the work force. “We need to get kids getting out of high school, who go on with a job, or go on to college and that leads to a job,” Dimon said in an interview with Business Insider last week. Dimon’s bank this month announced a $6 million investment in education for students in the South Bronx, a notoriously blighted part of New York City. “Business has to be involved locally with civic society, in this case schools, to get the kids trained to have a job,” Dimon said. “There are plenty of jobs out there.” Related Stories: Jamie Dimon: School Dropout Rates Are 'National Catastrophe' Kashkari Slams Jamie Dimon's Complaints About Regulatory Burden © 2017 Newsmax Finance. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Jamie Dimon, the chairman and chief executive officer of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., told shareholders that he supports President Donald Trump as a patriotic duty.He spoke at the bank's annual shareholder meeting and urged the business community to work with the Trump... Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan, banks, Donald Trump 441 Tuesday, 16 May 2017 03:55 PM 2017-55-16 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented US, China Agree to First Trade Steps Under 100-day Plan Friday, 12 May 2017 | 24 comments I agree its time Bill Clinton went away and took the master crook Hillary... Employers Beware: About 63 Percent of U.S. Workers Are Open to Leaving Monday, 15 May 2017 | 19 comments And yet, we still have 36.7% of working age adults without jobs. Maybe we... Zell: 'Extraordinary Opportunity' for Trump to Revive Economy Obama Killed Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 14 comments Yes...if he can get the Republicans to focus on what's right for the... ACA Exchanges Grow Thinner with Aetna Leaving for 2018 Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 14 comments Where was any discussion of Medical Coverage before Muslim-Care (OK... Oil Jumps as Saudi Arabia Voices Support for OPEC Deal Extension Monday, 15 May 2017 | 12 comments There is more oil in the ground then the Oil industries will let on... If... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Log In News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Skip to main content The Talk of the North 710 AM 98.1 FM Duluth, Minnesota Log In Menu News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Current Show The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM Upcoming Shows Next Show The Hugh Hewitt Show 5AM–7AM Neill Atkins 7AM–8AM "Sound Off" with Brad B... 8AM–11AM Current Weather (55811) 49° Search Our Site Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM News JPMorgan's Dimon defends Trump advisory role, deregulation JPMorgan's Dimon defends Trump advisory role, deregulation Tuesday, May 16, 2017 1:54 p.m. CDT Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. speaks during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S By Dan Freed NEW YORK (Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Jamie Dimon on Tuesday responded to criticism from angry shareholders of his role advising President Donald Trump on economic matters, saying he would help "any president" in office. At the bank's annual meeting in Wilmington, Delaware, several attendees demanded answers from Dimon about his role on a White House business council and JPMorgan's involvement with financial deregulation efforts in Washington. "I would try to help any president of the United States, because I'm a patriot," Dimon said. "That does not mean we agree with all the policies that an administration comes up with." Asked whether he would step down from Trump's Strategic and Policy Forum, which includes over a dozen leaders of major corporations, Dimon said simply, "No." Like annual shareholder meetings held by other big U.S. banks this year, JPMorgan's was dominated by activists concerned about Trump's positions on immigration, minorities, human rights and the environment. The actual business of the meeting was less controversial: voting shareholders sided with management on all major resolutions, including the election of directors and executive compensation. Activists' proposals were rejected, though a proposal to allow investors with 10 percent of the total shares outstanding to call a special meeting received more than 42 percent support of shares voted, according to the bank's preliminary tally. In discussing Trump, Dimon repeated a metaphor he has used several times about the president being a pilot and the United States an airplane. He also defended JPMorgan's track record with issues shareholders raised, including its support for "free and fair trade" with Mexico, and argued that efforts to reduce Wall Street regulations will help the economy. (Reporting by Dan Freed; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Dan Grebler) Comments Top Stories Canadian Snowbirds Cancel Duluth, Five Other Shows Tuesday, May 16 Superior Police Honor Fallen Officers Monday Tuesday, May 16 Duluth Police Investigate Report Of Shots Fired Tuesday, May 16 Fire Damages Floodwood Business Tuesday, May 16 Emergency Management Conference At The DECC Tuesday, May 16 News Sections Local State National World Local Sports Sports Politics Business Health Science Technology Entertainment Station Information © 2017 710 WDSM - WDSM The Talk of the North 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Listen 710 AM in Duluth, Minnesota 98.1 FM in Duluth, Minnesota Contact Studio Line 1: 218-722-7500 Text Us at 84454 Advertise With Us Job Opportunities Contact Us More Privacy Policy (PDF) Terms of Use (PDF) Contest Rules EEO
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 31 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon is sticking with Team Trump JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon says he's backing President Trump because "he's the pilot flying our airplane." Post to Facebook JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon is sticking with Team Trump JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon says he's backing President Trump because "he's the pilot flying our airplane."  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2qozxkB {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 11 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon is sticking with Team Trump Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY Published 1:20 p.m. ET May 16, 2017 | Updated 13 hours ago File photo taken in 2016 shows Jamie Dimon, chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase, during an interview with David M. Rubenstein, President of the Economic Club of Washington. (Photo: MOLLY RILEY, AFP/Getty Images) 31 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon is sticking with President Trump. Presiding at the U.S. banking giant's annual shareholder meeting Tuesday, Dimon got an earful from investors who criticized JPMorgan's support of the new White House administration and asked whether he would step down from Trump's business advisory council. "No,'' answered Dimon. "He is the president of the United States," Dimon added later during the session at JPMorgan's technology center in Wilmington, Del. "I believe he's the pilot flying our airplane. We're trying to help. I would try to help any president of the United States because I'm a patriot. We do not — it does not mean we agree with all the policies that the administration comes up with." The U.S. business community and the government need to "come together and collaborate" in solving major issues facing the country, said Dimon. He cited an unusually low rate of workforce participation by men, an education system that's "leaving too many behind," lack of planned investment in infrastructure, a corporate tax system that's "driving capital and brains overseas," and "excessive regulation ... particularly for small businesses." Nonetheless, Dimon batted away questions that suggested he and JPMorgan support efforts by the White House and Capitol Hill Republicans to roll back the Dodd-Frank act, the package of federal regulations and consumer safeguards enacted in the wake of the national financial crisis. Many of the law's provisions restrict the actions of JPMorgan and other U.S. banking and financial institutions. File photo taken in 2017 shows a man sitting in the lobby of the JPMorgan Chase Bank headquarters in New York City watching people gathered to protest bank CEO Jamie Dimon's relationship with the Trump administration.  (Photo: JUSTIN LANE, EPA) "We have never asked for the repeal of Dodd-Frank, no wholesale throw it out," said Dimon. "We do think after eight years of constant rule-making it's time to look at what we've done in the open light and make it better to the benefit of all Americans." JPMorgan shareholders overwhelmingly approved management proposals during the meeting, including executive compensation and the election of directors. A slate of activist investor proposals failed to win sufficient votes for approval. Follow USA TODAY reporter Kevin McCoy on Twitter: @kmccoynyc 31 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2qozxkB
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices JPMorgan's Dimon defends Trump advisory role, deregulation Reuters By Dan Freed 14 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Twitter co-founder Biz Stone is returning to Twitter Rue21 files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy © REUTERS/Mike Blake Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. speaks during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) Chief Executive Jamie Dimon on Tuesday responded to criticism from angry shareholders of his role advising President Donald Trump on economic matters, saying he would help "any president" in office. Quotes in the article JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM ▲ 87.61 +0.27 +0.31% At the bank's annual meeting in Wilmington, Delaware, several attendees demanded answers from Dimon about his role on a White House business council and JPMorgan's involvement with financial deregulation efforts in Washington. "I would try to help any president of the United States, because I'm a patriot," Dimon said. "That does not mean we agree with all the policies that an administration comes up with." Asked whether he would step down from Trump's Strategic and Policy Forum, which includes over a dozen leaders of major corporations, Dimon said simply, "No." Like annual shareholder meetings held by other big U.S. banks this year, JPMorgan's was dominated by activists concerned about Trump's positions on immigration, minorities, human rights and the environment. The actual business of the meeting was less controversial: voting shareholders sided with management on all major resolutions, including the election of directors and executive compensation. Activists' proposals were rejected, though a proposal to allow investors with 10 percent of the total shares outstanding to call a special meeting received more than 42 percent support of shares voted, according to the bank's preliminary tally. In discussing Trump, Dimon repeated a metaphor he has used several times about the president being a pilot and the United States an airplane. He also defended JPMorgan's track record with issues shareholders raised, including its support for "free and fair trade" with Mexico, and argued that efforts to reduce Wall Street regulations will help the economy. (Reporting by Dan Freed; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Dan Grebler) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Australia's Stoinis cleared for Champions Trophy Reuters All Blacks confirm 2018 Japan test prior to Europe trip Reuters Sensex, Nifty edge lower after hitting record highs Reuters Reuters View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Get the perfect balance of performance and value! Break a sweat with waterproof earphones Light 'em up! 16.8 million color options Use this Windows 10 phone as a PC! Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 JPMorgan chief Jamie Dimon just had to defend his alignment with Trump Dan Freed, Reuters May 16, 2017, 12:05 PM 965 facebook linkedin twitter email print Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. speaks during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California Thomson Reuters NEW YORK (Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Jamie Dimon on Tuesday responded to criticism from angry shareholders of his role advising President Donald Trump on economic matters, saying he would help "any president" in office. At the bank's annual meeting in Wilmington, Delaware, several attendees demanded answers from Dimon about his role on a White House business council and JPMorgan's involvement with financial deregulation efforts in Washington. "I would try to help any president of the United States, because I'm a patriot," Dimon said. "That does not mean we agree with all the policies that an administration comes up with." Asked whether he would step down from Trump's Strategic and Policy Forum, which includes over a dozen leaders of major corporations, Dimon said simply, "No." Like annual shareholder meetings held by other big U.S. banks this year, JPMorgan's was dominated by activists concerned about Trump's positions on immigration, minorities, human rights and the environment. The actual business of the meeting was less controversial: voting shareholders sided with management on all major resolutions, including the election of directors and executive compensation. Activists' proposals were rejected. In discussing Trump, Dimon repeated a metaphor he has used several times about the president being a pilot and the United States an airplane. He also defended JPMorgan's track record with issues shareholders raised, including its support for "free and fair trade" with Mexico, and argued that efforts to reduce Wall Street regulations will help the economy. (Reporting by Dan Freed; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Dan Grebler) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: More: Reuters facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru JPMorgan chief Jamie Dimon just had to defend his alignment with Trump JPMorgan chief Jamie Dimon just had to defend his alignment with Trump NEW YORK (Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase & Co... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Capital One Financial Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital One Financial Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Argos Therapeutics (ARGS) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Aramark (ARMK) Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Ardmore Shipping Corp (ASC) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Dane A. Drobny Sells 47,753 Shares of Groupon Inc (GRPN) Stock DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Has $1.52 Million Stake in Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) Stake Maintained by FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Kilroy Realty Corp (KRC) Shares Bought by Flinton Capital Management LLC Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Shares Bought by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Reduces Stake in Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (RARE) TiVo Corp (TIVO) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Investment Management of Virginia LLC Has $5.784 Million Stake in T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Raises Position in Exelon Co. (EXC) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Increases Position in NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Pool Co. (POOL) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Flinton Capital Management LLC Has $211,000 Stake in Barclays PLC (BCS) PVH Corp (PVH) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Boosts Position in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Zacks: Analysts Expect First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $19.45 Million Peoples Utah Bancorp (PUB) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Vicon Industries, Inc. (VII) Releases Earnings Results DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Boosts Position in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale increased its position in shares of Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF) by 2.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 156,765 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 3,482 shares during the period. DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale’s holdings in Capital One Financial Corp. were worth $13,759,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Dodge & Cox bought a new position in Capital One Financial Corp. during the fourth quarter worth $3,944,247,000. FMR LLC increased its position in Capital One Financial Corp. by 22.2% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 29,667,288 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,588,175,000 after buying an additional 5,394,359 shares in the last quarter. Capital World Investors increased its position in Capital One Financial Corp. by 27.5% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 27,456,008 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,972,165,000 after buying an additional 5,914,808 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its position in Capital One Financial Corp. by 4.6% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 21,706,949 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,893,717,000 after buying an additional 952,537 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Capital One Financial Corp. by 34.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,546,669 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,260,376,000 after buying an additional 4,511,539 shares in the last quarter. 88.38% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF) traded down 0.09% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $81.08. 678,570 shares of the stock traded hands. The company has a market cap of $39.10 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.30 and a beta of 1.24. The company’s 50 day moving average is $83.06 and its 200 day moving average is $85.76. Capital One Financial Corp. has a 12 month low of $58.03 and a 12 month high of $96.92. Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The financial services provider reported $1.75 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.93 by $0.18. The business had revenue of $6.54 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $6.63 billion. Capital One Financial Corp. had a net margin of 13.63% and a return on equity of 8.06%. Capital One Financial Corp.’s revenue for the quarter was down .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $1.84 EPS. On average, analysts expect that Capital One Financial Corp. will post $7.52 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Investors of record on Monday, May 15th will be paid a dividend of $0.40 per share. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.97%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. Capital One Financial Corp.’s payout ratio is 23.26%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Boosts Position in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/dekabank-deutsche-girozentrale-boosts-position-in-capital-one-financial-corp-cof.html. Several research analysts recently commented on COF shares. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised shares of Capital One Financial Corp. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their price objective for the stock from $106.00 to $110.00 in a report on Friday, February 17th. CIBC cut their price objective on shares of Capital One Financial Corp. from $84.00 to $80.00 and set an “underperform” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Rafferty Capital Markets raised shares of Capital One Financial Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $109.00 price objective for the company in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Nomura raised shares of Capital One Financial Corp. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their price objective for the stock from $97.00 to $105.00 in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, Evercore ISI reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and issued a $94.00 price objective on shares of Capital One Financial Corp. in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating, twelve have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $91.21. In related news, insider Michael J. Wassmer sold 734 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $86.88, for a total transaction of $63,769.92. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Michael Slocum sold 6,276 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $82.16, for a total transaction of $515,636.16. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 61,905 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,086,114.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 85,239 shares of company stock worth $7,787,542. 1.94% of the stock is owned by insiders. Capital One Financial Corp. Company Profile Capital One Financial Corporation is a diversified financial services holding company. The Company, along with its subsidiaries, offers a range of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses and commercial clients through branches, the Internet and other distribution channels. The Company’s segments include Credit Card, Consumer Banking, Commercial Banking and Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding COF? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF). Receive News & Ratings for Capital One Financial Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital One Financial Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 38-52 We set you thinking Wednesday 17 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore Celebrating #OneNationTogether in NDP 2017 1494993600 World Greeks join nationwide strike over new round of bailout reforms 1495003054 Lifestyle Why you should experience budget travel at least once 1495003619 World Shariah court in Indonesia sentences gay couple to caning 1495003619 World Australia considers banning laptops from airliner cabins 1495003617 Business U.S. stock futures, dollar fall on rising concerns over Trump 1495002484 Lifestyle ‘Vending machine’ in Singapore dispenses super cars 1495002715 World Gunbattle reported at Afghanistan TV station 1495002158 Business Chinese state media says U.S. should take some blame for cyber attack 1495001465 China&India China installs rocket launchers on disputed South China Sea island: Report 1494999420 World Merkel's conservatives extend lead over Social Democrats: poll 1494999733 Business VW's JV in China to recall nearly 600,000 vehicles over fuse fault 1494997486 World Venezuela death toll rises to at least 42 1494978440 World Malaysia’s sole North Korean restaurant closes down 1494995813 World Honduras moves 773 gang members to complete prison shake-up 1494994414 World Trump asked Comey to end investigation of Michael Flynn: source 1494985364 Sports After beating UFC in Asia, ONE Championship chief says he’s just getting started 1494994080 Business Fewer than 10 U.S. organizations say were hit by ransomware attack: official 1494993801 World German government can save IP addresses to help stop cyber attacks, court rules 1494993801 World Mexican journalists mourn, protest after deadly day 1494968062 World Iran's re-engagement with the world at stake in Friday presidential vote 1494968171 World Teacher bikes 135km daily to teach Orang Asli kids 1494986760 Singapore Local bakery fined S$90,000 for unsafe working conditions leading to employee’s death 1494991915 World Japan restaurants spruce up uniforms to attract female hall staff 1494991011 World South Korea says it wants to reopen communications with North amid missile crisis 1494989992 World Babies from skin cells? Prospect is unsettling to some experts 1494988314 World At a besieged White House, tempers flare and confusion swirls 1494979560 World ‘Pay Trump bribes here’ projected on Trump hotel in Washington 1494987712 Sports Sentosa Golf Club raises S$200,000 for Arc Children's Centre, Assisi Hospice 1494986700 World Princess Mako, granddaughter of Japan emperor, getting engaged to commoner 1494987412 World Eight more corrupt policemen arrested in shakedown: Malaysia police 1494986818 World Factbox: Lawmakers want to see Comey memo on Trump meeting 1494986102 Singapore Man who left luggage unattended at Hougang Station charged with causing public nuisance 1494985200 Sports French Open had "moral responsibility" to deny Sharapova wildcard: federation chief 1494982500 World Malaysia should follow Singapore’s tripartite system in combating wage stagnation: Think-tank 1494985010 Sports Tennis star Eugenie Bouchard's lawyers accuse USTA of destroying footage of her fall 1494983640 China&India Chinese mother who refused to give up disabled son nurtures him all the way to Harvard 1494983880 World Malaysia eyes sale of Proton as Mahathir’s auto power dream dies 1494984112 Daily Focus US teen dies of caffeine overdose 1494982315 Singapore Apple store along Orchard Road to open May 27 1494971340 Business Singapore exports dip in April, ending growth streak 1494981000 World U.S., Mexico bolster efforts to combat deadly tide of fentanyl 1494974136 Singapore Slow immigration clearance at Woodlands, Tuas not due to cyber attack: ICA 1494940020 World Trump asked then-FBI director Comey to end Flynn investigation in February: Memo 1494979009 Business S&P 500, Dow end session flat, tech boosts Nasdaq 1494967262 Singapore Spain police find Singapore ship captain drifting at sea 1494976980 World Mexico expects NAFTA talks by late August: economy minister 1494976814 Business World's rich confident they can scale wall of global risk: survey 1494976164 World Trump trade officials prefer tri-lateral NAFTA deal: U.S. senators 1494974675 Singapore Fire at Changi T2 leaves thousands stranded 1494931500 Business JPMorgan's Dimon defends Trump advisory role, deregulation FILE PHOTO - Jamie Dimon speaks during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills California. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 12:20 AM, May 17, 2017 Updated: 5:00 AM, May 17, 2017 NEW YORK - JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N> Chief Executive Jamie Dimon on Tuesday responded to criticism from angry shareholders of his role advising President Donald Trump on economic matters, saying he would help "any president" in office. At the bank's annual meeting in Wilmington, Delaware, several attendees demanded answers from Dimon about his role on a White House business council and JPMorgan's involvement with financial deregulation efforts in Washington. "I would try to help any president of the United States, because I'm a patriot," Dimon said. "That does not mean we agree with all the policies that an administration comes up with." Asked whether he would step down from Trump's Strategic and Policy Forum, which includes over a dozen leaders of major corporations, Dimon said simply, "No." Like annual shareholder meetings held by other big U.S. banks this year, JPMorgan's was dominated by activists concerned about Trump's positions on immigration, minorities, human rights and the environment. The actual business of the meeting was less controversial: voting shareholders sided with management on all major resolutions, including the election of directors and executive compensation. Activists' proposals were rejected, though a proposal to allow investors with 10 percent of the total shares outstanding to call a special meeting received more than 42 percent support of shares voted, according to the bank's preliminary tally. In discussing Trump, Dimon repeated a metaphor he has used several times about the president being a pilot and the United States an airplane. He also defended JPMorgan's track record with issues shareholders raised, including its support for "free and fair trade" with Mexico, and argued that efforts to reduce Wall Street regulations will help the economy. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble Yahoo to buy back $3 billion shares in tender offer World's rich confident they can scale wall of global risk: survey Workers say Wal-Mart discriminated against thousands of pregnant women Whole Foods names new CFO, directors Whole Foods in board shake-up amid investor pressure: source Whole Foods board overhaul fails to satisfy activist Jana: source Western Digital takes legal action to block sale of Toshiba's chip unit Wells Fargo eyes return to mortgage deals shunned since crisis Wells Fargo doubles cost-cut goal but offers soft revenue outlook Wells Fargo bogus accounts balloon to 3.5 million: lawyers Inside Today World Shariah court in Indonesia sentences gay couple to caning Australia considers banning laptops from airliner cabins Greeks join nationwide strike over new round of bailout reforms Gunbattle reported at Afghanistan TV station Merkel's conservatives extend lead over Social Democrats: poll Business U.S. stock futures, dollar fall on rising concerns over Trump Chinese state media says U.S. should take some blame for cyber attack Oil drops on rising U.S. crude inventories, defies expected supply cut extension VW's JV in China to recall nearly 600,000 vehicles over fuse fault Dollar pressured by U.S. political turmoil, strong eurozone data Sports After beating UFC in Asia, ONE Championship chief says he’s just getting started Sentosa Golf Club raises S$200,000 for Arc Children's Centre, Assisi Hospice Tennis star Eugenie Bouchard's lawyers accuse USTA of destroying footage of her fall French Open had "moral responsibility" to deny Sharapova wildcard: federation chief Plazibat salvages away draw for Home in AFC Cup match against Global Entertainment Interactive art to feature at new kids’ Biennale Arab TV series dramatises life under IS Zac Efron to star as serial killer Ted Bundy in new movie﻿ Mandopop singer Show Luo to perform in S’pore on Aug 12 Foo Fighters to perform at National Stadium on Aug 26 About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
BREAKING NEWS: Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper Reviews Home »Business & Finance » Banking & Finance » JPMorgan’s Dimon defends alignment with Trump, deregulation efforts Banking & Finance JPMorgan’s Dimon defends alignment with Trump, deregulation efforts Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui May 16th, 2017 21:07 0   NEW YORK: JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Jamie Dimon on Tuesday responded to criticism from angry shareholders of his role advising President Donald Trump on economic matters, saying he would help "any president" in office. At the bank's annual meeting in Wilmington, Delaware, several attendees demanded answers from Dimon about his role on a White House business council and JPMorgan's involvement with financial deregulation efforts in Washington. "I would try to help any president of the United States, because I'm a patriot," Dimon said. "That does not mean we agree with all the policies that an administration comes up with." Asked whether he would step down from Trump's Strategic and Policy Forum, which includes over a dozen leaders of major corporations, Dimon said simply, "No." Like annual shareholder meetings held by other big US banks this year, JPMorgan's was dominated by activists concerned about Trump's positions on immigration, minorities, human rights and the environment. The actual business of the meeting was less controversial: voting shareholders sided with management on all major resolutions, including the election of directors and executive compensation. Activists' proposals were rejected. In discussing Trump, Dimon repeated a metaphor he has used several times about the president being a pilot and the United States an airplane. He also defended JPMorgan's track record with issues shareholders raised, including its support for "free and fair trade" with Mexico, and argued that efforts to reduce Wall Street regulations will help the economy.   Copyright Reuters, 2017  Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous CM expresses satisfaction over MoUs inked in Beijing Next Wall St retreats after S&P, Nasdaq hit record highs Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Close Top
Get More For Your Money™ Get More For Your Travel CREDIT CARDS TRAVEL ROUND THE WORLD ADMIN US SG ROUND THE WORLD FOR FREE WE GOT US$54,000 WORTH OF AIR TICKETS NEARLY FREE We are Pedro Pla and Grace Cheng, frequent flyers, travel hackers, credit card geeks and husband-and-wife co-founders of GET.com. We got 4 Round-the-World (RTW) air tickets on Business Class to 5 continents worth US$54,000 for FREE (well almost, we only had to pay taxes and fees). We'll use these free tickets to travel to Africa, Europe, South America, North America and Asia for 6 months with our two toddlers, starting January 2017. Read How We Did It» South African Airways A340 Business Class Review (2017): Johannesburg to Cape Town (SA 323) Singapore Airlines A350-900 Business Class Review (2017): SIN-JNB, #SingaporeAirA350 Singapore Airlines Business Class Lounge Review (2017): SilverKris Lounge at Changi Airport How To Get Free Business Class Flights Worth $54,000 What We Did With One Million Air Miles Earned From Credit Card RewardsMore trip reports» CREDIT CARDS OUR PICKS Best Credit Cards Top 10 Credit Cards Compare Credit Cards No Annual Fee Credit Cards Bonus Offer Credit Cards Credit Card Roundups REWARDS Rewards Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards LOW INTEREST Balance Transfer Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards TRAVEL Airline Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Gas Credit Cards Hotel Credit Cards SMALL BUSINESS Business Credit Cards LIFESTYLE Student Credit Cards Restaurant Credit Cards Supermarket Credit Cards Credit Card Blog TRAVEL GET.COM'S TRAVEL GUIDES More Travel Guides» FREQUENT FLYER NEWS Get 25% Bonus When You Transfer Amex Points to JetBlue Through May 31 Southwest Rapid Rewards Program Named Best Loyalty Program 5 Tips To Score The Cheapest Tickets Whenever You Fly Get A Huge Bonus On AAdvantage Miles Before May Ends How You Can Avoid Being Bumped From A United Flight Alaska Mileage Plan Named Top Airline Loyalty Program In The Airline World Southwest Rapid Rewards Might Be The Best Thing In The Airline World Alaska Airlines Named Top Airline In The United States Companions Flying On Miles + Cash Tickets To Enjoy Free Upgrades On Delta FlightsMore Travel News» BEST TRAVEL TIPS & HACKS How To Buy Cheap Airline Tickets - A Guide By GET.com How To Avoid High Air Travel Fees - A Guide By GET.com How To Find Cheap Hotels For Your Holiday - A Guide By GET.com Best Credit Cards That Give You Up To $250 Of Air Travel Credit (2017) How To Transfer Your Miles To Family Members For Free Flights Airport Lounge Clubs - 5 Ways To Save On Passes Best Credit Cards That Maximize The Value Of Your Miles For Travel (2017) Best Credit Cards That Come With Free Travel Insurance (2017) Air Travel Rights - A Guide By GET.com Travel Credit Cards - What Are Your Air Miles Really Worth? (2017) Cheap Travel - 4 Saving Tips For Backpackers (And Other Budget Travelers) Cheap Travel - Can You Still See The World On $100 A Day? Get More Hotel Deals Out Of Your American Express Card 10 Ways To Find Cheaper Holiday Stays Hilton Reward Stays - Top 4 Credit Cards BUSINESS CREDIT CARDS Business Charge Cards Business Rewards Cards Business Travel Cards Business Airlines Cards Low Interest Business Cards No Annual Fee Business Cards American Express Business Cards Visa Business Cards BLOG Up to $200 Bonus Offers - Most Rewarding Cash Back Cards Snag 100,000 Chase Ultimate Rewards Points When You Get A Chase Mortgage ASEAN Wants To Institute A Single-Visa For The Entire Southeast Asia Region Top 10 Must-See Destinations In Latin America Qatar Airways Passengers Can Book Free Rooms in Doha This Summer Earn 2X Or 3X Points When You Book Hilton Stays This Summer Singapore Airlines To Offer 12 Biofuel San Francisco-Singapore Flights Passengers Can Expect Less Legroom On Future American Airlines Flights GET.comCredit CardsUp to $200 Bonus Offers - Most Rewarding Cash Back Cards Up to $200 Bonus Offers - Most Rewarding Cash Back Cards Did you know that cash back credit cards go under the umbrella of rewards credit cards? And that is precisely why some cash back cards dole out cash rebates in the form of points instead of straight up cash. If you are shopping around for a cash back credit card at the moment, it's important to compare and choose the right card. When it comes to credit card rewards, the more, the merrier, don't you think? Now that we are on the same page, we at GET.com can't wait to share with you the most rewarding cash back cards in the market right now. We're specifically going to take a look at cash back cards with the best bonus offers. 5 Most Rewarding Cash Back Cards With Up To $200 Bonus Offers 1. Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® Card Credit Card Features Intro APR Regular APR Annual Fee Why we like it We least like t_cc_credit_required Related links Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® Card Our Rating: APPLY NOWAt Wells Fargo's secure website Our Rating: Our Rating: 4.80/5 Your Rating: Rate This Card NEW! Earn a $200 cash rewards bonus after spending $1,000 in the first 3 months Earn unlimited 1.5% cash rewards on virtually every purchase Enjoy 1.8% cash rewards on qualified mobile wallet purchases, like Apple Pay® or Android Pay™, during the first 12 months from account opening No category restrictions or sign ups and cash rewards don't expire as long as your account remains open Get up to $600 protection on your cell phone (subject to $25 deductible) against covered damage or theft when you pay your monthly cellular telephone bill with your Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® Card 0% Intro APR for 12 months on purchases and balance transfers, then a 13.74%-25.74% variable APR; balance transfer fees apply $0 Annual Fee Select "Apply Now" to learn more about the product features, terms, and conditions APPLY NOWAt Wells Fargo's secure website 0% intro APR for 12 months on purchases and balance transfers 13.74%-25.74% (Variable) $0 Excellent/Good Related Links Read our review of Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® Card or view more details of Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® Card . See more Wells Fargo credit cards. APPLY NOWAt Wells Fargo's secure website Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® Card rewards you with unlimited 1.5% cash rewards on all purchases you make with your card. If you are a user of mobile wallets such as Apple Pay® or Android Pay™, you get to earn 1.8% cash rewards on qualified mobile wallet purchases, in the first 12 months from account opening when you use your Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® Card to pay for those purchases. To earn a $200 cash rewards bonus, all you have to do is spend $1,000 on your new card within the first three months of account opening. This card also provides you with up to $600 protection on your cell phone (subject to $25 deductible) against covered damage or theft. But, to take advantage of this added protection for your cell phone, you need to use your Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® Card when paying your monthly cellular telephone bill. 2. Barclaycard CashForward™ World Mastercard® Credit Card Features Intro APR Regular APR Annual Fee Why we like it We least like t_cc_credit_required Related links Barclaycard CashForward™ World Mastercard® Our Rating: APPLY NOWAt Barclaycard's secure website Our Rating: Our Rating: 4.50/5 Your Rating: Rate This Card Get a $200 cash rewards bonus after you spend $1,000 in purchases in the first 90 days after account opening Earn unlimited 1.5% cash rewards on every purchase Every time you redeem, get a 5% cash rewards redemption bonus to use toward your next redemption Redeem your cash rewards for a deposit into a U.S. checking or savings account, a statement credit or gift cards. Redemptions start at $50 Cash rewards do not expire as long as your account is open, active and in good standing Enjoy a 0% introductory APR for 15 months on Balance Transfers made within 45 days of account opening. After that, a variable APR will apply, 15.74%, 20.74% or 25.74%, based on your creditworthiness Please note, there is a fee for balance transfers No annual fee APPLY NOWAt Barclaycard's secure website 0% on purchases and balance transfers for 15 months (on balance transfers made within 45 days of account opening) 15.74%, 20.74% or 25.74% Variable $0 Why we like it Get a $200 cash rewards bonus after you spend $1,000 in purchases in the first 90 days after account opening. Earn unlimited 1.5% cash rewards on every purchase. Excellent Related Links Read our review of Barclaycard CashForward™ World Mastercard® or view more details of Barclaycard CashForward™ World Mastercard® . See more Barclaycard credit cards. APPLY NOWAt Barclaycard's secure website Barclaycard CashForward™ World Mastercard® lets you earn a flat rate 1.5% cash rewards on every purchase you make with your card. There is no limit to how much cash rewards you are entitled to earn, and that means that the more you use the card, the more you earn. This card also offers you free online access to your FICO® Credit Score. Another great perk is that every time you redeem your cash rewards, Barclaycard CashForward™ World Mastercard® offers a 5% cash rewards redemption bonus where you will earn 5% of your cash rewards back for use toward your next redemption. For instance, when you redeem $300 in cash rewards, you'll receive a $15 cash rewards bonus that you can use toward your next redemption. Barclaycard CashForward™ World Mastercard® rewards you with a $200 cash rewards bonus after you spend $1,000 on purchases with your card within the first 90 days of account opening. 3. Chase Freedom® Credit Card Features Intro APR Regular APR Annual Fee Why we like it We least like t_cc_credit_required Related links Chase Freedom® Our Rating: APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website Our Rating: Our Rating: 4.85/5 User Rating: 3.00/5Rate This Card Earn a $150 Bonus after you spend $500 on purchases in your first 3 months from account opening Earn 5% cash back on up to $1,500 in combined purchases in bonus categories each quarter you activate Unlimited 1% cash back on all other purchases - it's automatic 0% Intro APR for 15 months from account opening on purchases and balance transfers, then a variable APR of 15.74-24.49%. Balance transfer fee is 5% of the amount transferred, $5 minimum Enjoy new 5% categories every 3 months Cash Back rewards do not expire as long as your account is open No annual fee APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website 0% Intro APR for 15 months from account opening on purchases and balance transfers 15.74% - 24.49% Variable $0 Why we like it Earn 5% cash back on up to $1,500 in combined purchases in bonus categories each quarter you activate. Enjoy new 5% categories every 3 months. Unlimited 1% cash back on all other purchases. We least like 5% cash back on combined purchases in bonus categories capped at $1,500 per quarter. Has foreign transaction fees. Excellent/Good Related Links Read our review of Chase Freedom® or view more details of Chase Freedom® . See more Chase credit cards. APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website Chase Freedom® makes it incredibly easy for you to earn cash back automatically. While this card lets you earn unlimited 1% cash back on all your purchases, you stand to earn a solid 5% cash back on up to $1,500 in combined purchases every calendar quarter you activate the bonus categories. You get to enjoy new 5% bonus categories every 3 months. Not only that, if you happen to be a new cardholder of Chase Freedom®, consider the generous bonus offers yours. You get to earn a $150 bonus (i.e. 15,000 bonus points) just by spending at least $500 on purchases in the first three months of account opening. Plus, another $25 bonus merely by adding an authorized user to your card account. This card also comes with a host of built-in protection like Auto Rental Collision Damage Waiver, Purchase Protection, Price Protection and more that help you travel and shop with greater confidence. 4. Chase Freedom Unlimited℠ Credit Card Features Intro APR Regular APR Annual Fee Why we like it We least like t_cc_credit_required Related links Chase Freedom Unlimited℠ Our Rating: APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website Our Rating: Our Rating: 4.90/5 User Rating: 3.00/5Rate This Card Earn a $150 Bonus after you spend $500 on purchases in your first 3 months from account opening. Unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase - it's automatic Earn a $150 Bonus after you spend $500 on purchases in your first 3 months from account opening 0% Intro APR for 15 months from account opening on purchases and balance transfers, then a variable APR of 15.74-24.49%. Balance transfer fee is 5% of the amount transferred, $5 minimum Redeem for cash - any amount, anytime Cash Back rewards do not expire as long as your account is open No annual fee APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website 0% Intro APR for 15 months from account opening on purchases and balance transfers 15.74% - 24.49% Variable $0 Why we like it Unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase - it's automatic. Earn a $150 Bonus after you spend $500 on purchases in your first 3 months from account opening. Excellent/Good Related Links Read our review of Chase Freedom Unlimited℠ or view more details of Chase Freedom Unlimited℠ . See more Chase credit cards. APPLY NOWAt Chase's secure website Chase Freedom Unlimited℠ rewards you with an unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase you make with your card, automatically. There are no bonus categories to fuss about, so if you are on the lookout for a straightforward cash back credit card, this might be a good alternative you can consider. This card also provides you with an assortment of built-in shop and travel protection such as Price Protection, Purchase Protection, Auto Rental Collision Damage Waiver and more. Like the above-mentioned Chase Freedom®, you can earn the bonus offer with little effort if you are a new cardholder of Chase Freedom Unlimited℠. All you have to do is spend $500 or more on eligible purchases with your new card within the first three months of account opening to earn a $150 bonus (i.e. 15,000 bonus points), and add an authorized user to your card account to bag an additional $25 bonus. It's really as easy as that to earn a bonus of $175. 5. BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ Credit Card Credit Card Features Intro APR Regular APR Annual Fee Why we like it We least like t_cc_credit_required Related links BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ Credit Card Our Rating: VIEW DETAILS Our Rating: Our Rating: 4.60/5 Your Rating: Rate This Card $100 online cash rewards bonus after you spend at least $500 on purchases in the first 90 days of account opening No annual fee $100 online cash rewards bonus after you spend at least $500 on purchases in the first 90 days of account opening Earn 1% cash back on every purchase, 2% at grocery stores and wholesale clubs, and 3% on gas up to the first $2,500 in combined grocery/wholesale club/gas purchases each quarter No changing categories and no expiration on rewards 0% Introductory APR for 12 billing cycles for purchases AND for any balance transfers made in the first 60 days, then, 13.74% - 23.74% Variable APR. 3% fee (min $10) applies to balance transfers Get a 10% customer bonus every time you redeem your cash back into a Bank of America® checking or savings account If you're a Preferred Rewards client, you can increase that bonus to 25% - 75% See Rates and Fees See Rates and Fees VIEW DETAILS 0% Introductory APR for 12 billing cycles for purchases AND for any balance transfers made in the first 60 days 13.74% - 23.74% Variable APR No annual fee Why we like it $100 online cash rewards bonus after you spend at least $500 on purchases in the first 90 days of account opening. Earn 1% cash back on every purchase, 2% at grocery stores and wholesale clubs, and 3% on gas up to the first $2,500 in combined grocery/wholesale club/gas purchases each quarter. We least like Foreign transaction fee. Excellent/Good Related Links Read our review of BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ Credit Card or view more details of BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ Credit Card . See more Bank of America credit cards. VIEW DETAILS BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ credit card lets you earn 1% cash back on all purchases, 2% cash back at grocery stores and wholesale clubs (excluding drugstores and convenience stores), and 3% cash back on gas up to the first $2,500 in combined grocery/wholesale club/gas purchases every calendar quarter. Those looking to get more bang for their buck on everyday spending will benefit from the tiered cash back rates that this card offers since the categories are fixed and literally everything you spend on will earn you cash back. BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ credit card also lets new cardholders earn a one-time $100 online cash rewards bonus after charging at least $500 on purchases to your card within the first 90 days of account opening. Cardholders who redeem their cash bonus into a Bank of America® checking or savings account or an eligible Merrill Lynch Cash Management Account® get to enjoy a 10% customer bonus each time they redeem their cash rewards. Denise Bay updated May 16, 2017 Tweet Denise Bay is a staff writer at GET.com. Email: denise.bay@get.com.Editorial Disclosure: Any personal views and opinions expressed by the author in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the viewpoint of GET.com. The editorial content on this page is not provided by any of the companies mentioned, and has not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. Opinions expressed here are author's alone, not those of the companies mentioned, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. How We Rate Credit Cards How We Rate Credit Cards At GET.com we compare credit cards and rate them objectively based on the credit card's features, interest rates and fees. Cards are rated by our team based primarily on the basis of value for money to the cardholder. The GET.com team rates each card based on its annual fee, rewards, benefits, bonus, introductory APR, ongoing APR, flexibility (in how its benefits can be used and how rewards are earned and redeemed), and other card features. Credit Cards From Partners * Chase Freedom Unlimited℠ Chase Freedom® Citi® Double Cash Card – 18 month BT offer Capital One® Venture® Rewards Credit Card BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ Credit Card Blue Cash Preferred® Card from American Express Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card BankAmericard Travel Rewards® Credit Card Barclaycard CashForward™ World Mastercard® Barclaycard Arrival Plus™ World Elite MasterCard® Citi Prestige® Card Citi Simplicity® Card - No Late Fees Ever Gold Delta SkyMiles® Credit Card from American Express Premier Rewards Gold Card from American Express BankAmericard® Credit Card Capital One® VentureOne® Rewards Credit Card Chase Slate® Southwest Rapid Rewards® Premier Credit Card Capital One® Secured Mastercard® Top 10 Credit Cards Best Credit Cards 2017 Compare Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Credit Card Rewards Cash Back Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Low Interest Credit Cards Hotel Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Gas Credit Cards American Express Cards Bank of America Cards Barclaycard Credit Cards Capital One Cards CitiCards Chase Credit Cards Discover Card US Bank Credit Cards Visa Cards Canadian Credit Cards Excellent Credit Good Credit Fair Credit Bad Credit No Credit At GET.com we maintain complete editorial integrity on our content & provide transparent & unbiased information. Companies don't pay us to include their products although we receive a compensation when you successfully apply to products from our partners. See how we make money here.At GET.com we maintain complete editorial integrity. Comments At GET.com it's all about your saving and getting experience. There's nothing more helpful for all of us Getters than a true life experience, a tip or a trick relating to a reviewed product. Read more about comments. More Good Reading How To Get Up To $200 Cash Back Bonus Earn Up To A $200 Bonus: Cash Back Cards With The Best Bonus Offers 5 Crazy Secret Ways To Save On Flights And Hotels Show Small Businesses Some Love And Gear Up For Shopping Savings On Small Business Saturday® Sign up to our newsletter Hi! I'm Pedro Pla, an avid miles collector. I recently redeemed 4 Business Class Round-the-World tickets worth $54,000 using credit card points. Get our FREE daily newsletter with travel news, deals and offers. COMPARE CARDS Best Credit Cards Top 10 Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards GET.com About Us Press Contact GET CONNECTED *Advertiser Disclosure: Most of the offers that appear on this site are from companies from which GET.com receives compensation. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). While we try to offer a comprehensive list of offers, GET.com does not include all companies or all offers. Editorial Disclosure: Any personal views and opinions expressed by the author in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the viewpoint of GET.com. The editorial content on this page is not provided by any of the companies mentioned, and has not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. Opinions expressed here are author's alone, not those of the companies mentioned, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. GET.com is a US registered trademark. All other trademarks found on GET.com belong to their respective owners. The presence of a third-party trademark on GET.com does not in any way imply an affiliation with that trademark's owner. Copyright 2017 GET.com - Terms & Conditions - Privacy Policy - How GET.com Is Financed WANT TO GET discounts & deals from all banks in one app? Yes Get dining, shopping, petrol & entertainment discounts No I prefer to pay full price× How We Rate Credit Cards At GET.com we compare credit cards and rate them objectively based on the credit card's features, interest rates and fees. Cards are rated by our team based primarily on the basis of value for money to the cardholder. The GET.com team rates each card based on its annual fee, rewards, benefits, bonus, introductory APR, ongoing APR, flexibility (in how its benefits can be used and how rewards are earned and redeemed), and other card features.
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Search Search Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Name Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Chase, other investors back LevelUp How RBC used blockchain to make loyalty less abstract Nymi's heartbeat ID tech draws new investment List 6 hot ideas from Card Forum 2017 Why issuers are giving up control in the mobile world search goes here Chase, other investors back LevelUp By David Heun Published May 16 2017, 10:56am EDT More in Venture funding Mobile wallets Loyalty and rewards Chase Pay LevelUp Print Email Reprints Share Share on JPMorgan Chase, which already made a $10 million investment in mobile payments and loyalty provider LevelUp, renewed its interest in a just-completed $50 million round of funding. U.S. Boston and CentroCreditBank also participated in the investment, though LevelUp did not disclose the amounts provided by each investor. Limited Time Offer Save over $700 on your subscription. Special offer expires April 30, 2017. Learn More 14-Day Free Trial Authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the industry Get 14-Day Free Trial Have an account? Sign In Get us in your inbox Sign up for Payments Update CardLine Compliance Investment Merchant Technology Wallet Morning Briefing PayThink ISO & Agent Weekly Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Subscribe PaymentsSource About Us Contact Us Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AXEL SPRINGER SE NPV(REGD) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AXEL SPRINGER SE NPV(REGD) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank AXEL SPRINGER SE NPV(REGD) (AXELF) Earns Buy Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their buy rating on shares of AXEL SPRINGER SE NPV(REGD) (NASDAQ:AXELF) in a research note released on Thursday morning. AXELF has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Barclays PLC raised AXEL SPRINGER SE NPV(REGD) from an underweight rating to an equal weight rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. DZ Bank AG reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of AXEL SPRINGER SE NPV(REGD) in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Shares of AXEL SPRINGER SE NP (NASDAQ:AXELF) remained flat at $48.66 during midday trading on Thursday. AXEL SPRINGER SE NP has a one year low of $48.66 and a one year high of $57.08. The company’s 50 day moving average is $48.66 and its 200 day moving average is $48.77. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “AXEL SPRINGER SE NPV(REGD) (AXELF) Earns Buy Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/axel-springer-se-npvregd-axelf-earns-buy-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Receive News & Ratings for AXEL SPRINGER SE NPV(REGD) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AXEL SPRINGER SE NPV(REGD) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Wall Street firms are piling in to Saudi Arabia Reuters May 16, 2017, 9:45 AM 908 facebook linkedin twitter email print FILE PHOTO: A view shows the King Abdullah Financial District north of Riyadh Thomson Reuters By Saeed Azhar and Tom Arnold DUBAI (Reuters) - One of the world's largest privatization programs is drawing foreign investment banks and private equity (PE) firms to Saudi Arabia, despite the prospect of low fees and an uncertain regulatory environment. KKR is among the U.S.-based PE firms joining regional companies such as Abu Dhabi's Gulf Capital in the search for opportunities from the government's plan to sell off around $200 billion in assets on top of a stake in oil giant Saudi Aramco. Banks are also beefing up their operations. Citigroup obtained a Saudi investment banking license last month and Goldman Sachs is looking into obtaining a Saudi equities license. Credit Suisse intends to apply for a full banking license and JPMorgan is adding bankers. "We see a lot more opportunities in Saudi Arabia because for the first time the government is looking to partner with firms like ourselves and others," said Kaveh Samie, who heads the Middle East and North Africa region for KKR. For decades, many foreign financial companies kept a minimal presence in Riyadh or shunned it entirely. They chased business related to Saudi Arabia's investment of billions of petrodollars abroad, but saw few opportunities in the Saudi domestic economy. The kingdom had a reputation for offering low fees to investment banks, while PE firms found few prospects in an economy dominated by wealthy state enterprises and family conglomerates which jealously guarded control of their assets. But the mood has begun changing since last year's announcement of a privatization drive to help the economy diversify in an era of low oil prices. A vast range of assets will be offered via methods ranging from public offers of shares to PE deals. Saudi Arabia's Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih and Russia's Energy Minister Alexander Novak attend a joint briefing in Beijing Thomson Reuters Vice economy minister Mohammed al-Tuwaijri told Reuters last month that Riyadh aimed to raise around $200 billion over several years - not including an expected tens of billions of dollars for the Saudi Aramco stake. (For a list of privatizations underway, click) Karim El Solh, chief executive of Abu Dhabi's Gulf Capital, said it had become more proactive seeking Saudi investments and its pipeline of potential deals had grown in three years. JPMorgan , which has around 70 bankers in Saudi Arabia, is adding about 10 across its investment banking, equities and custody businesses. "With economic transformation comes a need for transactional services, capital markets access and advice," said Sjoerd Leenart, JPMorgan's head of Middle East, Africa and Turkey. HSBC has made staffing changes to help its Saudi business, including the secondment last month of Samer Deghaili, co-head of equity capital markets in the region, to its Saudi subsidiary.  OBSTACLES Foreign firms will still tread carefully in Saudi Arabia, and many may try to limit costs and risk by flying in staff from Dubai rather than basing personnel in Riyadh. Productivity levels among the local population are low and hiring foreigners has become increasingly difficult as Saudi Arabia restricts entry for workers. Also, some Westerners are reluctant to move there due to social restrictions. Investors have also been put off by the legal system which does not have laws on bankruptcy. The government has paid fees as low as 0.1 percentage point of deal value for past privatizations, compared to about 1 percent in developed markets. Riyadh is keen to show it is not being exploited by foreign firms, so fees may not rise much. FILE PHOTO: The Logo of Saudi Aramco is seen at the 20th Middle East Oil & Gas Show and Conference in Manama Thomson Reuters But the volume of business - HSBC estimates 100 companies will be listed on the stock market in sectors including mining, healthcare and retail - is too large for bankers to neglect. "Saudi will be probably be a volumes market given the depth of the economy. Plus being the largest economy in the Gulf Cooperation Council, it is not one we can ignore," said Aasim Qureshi, managing director at QNB Capital, the investment banking arm of Qatar National Bank (QNB) . QNB said this month it plans to apply for a Saudi license for its investment bank. One key for PE firms is how much control they will be given to manage their acquisitions. The government has not clarified its position on the size of stakes it will sell in state-owned companies but if it only sells minority stakes this could be unattractive for some PE firms as they generally like to have control. The government says it welcomes foreign investors but it could balk at measures they might take, such as staff cuts. "There is growing interest among GCC PEs in Saudi deals, but entering the kingdom is not easy for any PE firm, be it international or GCC," said one industry executive. "Most of the privatizations are expected in education and healthcare, and these sectors have strict national ownership rules." Nevertheless, many PE firms think there are bound to be lucrative deals given the wide range of sectors which Saudi Arabia's economic reforms aim to develop, including tourism, entertainment and auto manufacturing. "It is exactly the same kind of transformation that China and India went through," said Iqbal Khan, chief executive at Dubai's Fajr Capital. "We see this as a very big opportunity." (Editing by Andrew Torchia and Anna Willard) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: More: Reuters facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Wall Street firms are piling in to Saudi Arabia Wall Street firms are piling in to Saudi Arabia By Saeed Azhar and Tom Arnold DUBAI (Reuters) -... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bodycote PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bodycote PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Bodycote PLC (BOY) May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated their neutral rating on shares of Bodycote PLC (LON:BOY) in a report issued on Thursday morning. The brokerage currently has a GBX 770 ($9.94) price objective on the stock. BOY has been the topic of a number of other reports. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price target on shares of Bodycote PLC from GBX 685 ($8.84) to GBX 760 ($9.81) and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Peel Hunt reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 740 ($9.55) price target on shares of Bodycote PLC in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Bank of America Corp downgraded shares of Bodycote PLC to an underperform rating and dropped their price target for the stock from GBX 670 ($8.65) to GBX 650 ($8.39) in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Liberum Capital reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Bodycote PLC in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc downgraded shares of Bodycote PLC to a hold rating and set a GBX 675 ($8.71) price target on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 738.93 ($9.54). Bodycote PLC (LON:BOY) opened at 798.00 on Thursday. Bodycote PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 500.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 845.50. The firm’s market cap is GBX 1.52 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 816.35 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 701.09. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/jpmorgan-chase-co-reaffirms-neutral-rating-for-bodycote-plc-boy.html. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 20th will be given a dividend of GBX 10.80 ($0.14) per share. This represents a yield of 1.37%. This is an increase from Bodycote PLC’s previous dividend of $5.00. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 20th. In other Bodycote PLC news, insider Stephen C. Harris sold 1,351 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 818 ($10.56), for a total transaction of £11,051.18 ($14,265.11). Bodycote PLC Company Profile Bodycote plc is a provider of thermal processing services. The Company has six operating segments, split between Aerospace, Defense and Energy (ADE) and Automotive and General Industrial (AGI) business areas: ADE-Western Europe; ADE-North America; ADE-Emerging markets; AGI-Western Europe; AGI-North America, and AGI-Emerging markets. Receive News & Ratings for Bodycote PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bodycote PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Trump Asked Comey to End Flynn Inquiry Ex-F.B.I. Director Documented Request in February Memo By MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT In a meeting the day after Michael T. Flynn resigned as national security adviser, President Trump asked that the investigation into Mr. Flynn’s ties to Russia be shut down, according to a memo by James B. Comey. “I hope you can let this go,” the president told Mr. Comey. The White House has denied the account.  Comments 1:36 Exclusive: Trump, Comey and the Inquiry By A.J. CHAVAR Chaffetz Requests Trump-Comey Communications James B. Comey, the former F.B.I. director, during a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing this month. Credit Gabriella Demczuk for The New York Times What Qualifies as Obstruction of Justice? By CHARLIE SAVAGE The president’s request to end an F.B.I. inquiry has fueled accusations that the White House is obstructing justice, but what actually constitutes a crime can be very murky. A Timeline of the Clash Between Trump and Comey Lawmakers Escalate Calls to Hear More From Comey 9:12 PM ET Israel Provided Data Trump Shared With Russia, Officials Say By ADAM GOLDMAN, ERIC SCHMITT and PETER BAKER 9:12 PM ET The classified intelligence that Mr. Trump disclosed in a meeting last week with Russian officials was provided by Israel, adding a potential diplomatic complication to the episode.  Comments In Trump, Putin May Have a Sympathetic, if Unreliable, Ear By NEIL MacFARQUHAR President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia has called repeatedly for unity in fighting terrorism. Mr. Trump seemed to take up that call, at least momentarily, on Tuesday. Tempers Flare and Confusion Swirls at Rattled White House By GLENN THRUSH and MAGGIE HABERMAN 9:17 PM ET As his staff squabbles, Mr. Trump’s mood has become sour and he has turned against most of his aides, two advisers say. ‘Vulnerable Voices’ Condemn Corporate Role at Climate Talks By HIROKO TABUCHI Over the objection of the United States, Russia and Australia, developing nations and green groups want a more limited presence from companies that contribute to climate change. More News Celtics Win N.B.A. Draft Lottery for Top Pick 10:50 PM ET Chelsea Manning Is Expected to Leave Prison North Korea Sleeper Cells Are Possible Culprits in Hacking New York City Jails Agency Official Is Fired Over Eavesdropping Scandal 9:41 PM ET India Allows Abortion for 10-Year-Old Rape Victim The Daily 360 1:46 Inside an Old Airport, a Refugee Camp Eirini Vourloumis for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. 10 Favorite Places on European Rivers, Lakes and Coastlines The rugged coast of northern Italy, a British pleasure pier, winding Norwegian fjords and a jewel box of a lake district in Croatia: Writers share favorite watery places in Europe. Comments Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ Did a president who rails against classified disclosures just disclose highly classified intelligence to Russia? Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Your Wednesday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 2:18 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living Shows to Watch This Week By MARGARET LYONS Check out these recommendations from Watching’s TV critic for May 15-18. Guide How to Run a Better Meeting By ADAM BRYANT Another meeting-filled day? Meetings don’t have to feel like time-sucks. With these tips and strategies, they can be efficient and productive. Risking 60 Lashes, Iranian Runs for Right to Walk Dogs By THOMAS ERDBRINK The conservative candidates favored by hard-liners for Tehran’s City Council have been overwhelmed by an outpouring of activists and minorities, including one veterinarian. ESPN Retools: More Personality and Fewer Highlights By SYDNEY EMBER and BROOKS BARNES John Skipper, president of ESPN, is seeking ways for the network to restore its fortunes amid a crowded field of companies that offer instant statistics and highlights, and, increasingly, games. A Forsaken Italian Village Is a Tale of a Paradise Lost By GAIA PIANIGIANI Villaggio Coppola was built on the Mediterranean coast in the 1960s with utopian ambitions, but it has instead become a vivid concentration of southern Italy’s abiding troubles. 20 Years On, Bezos Proved the Naysayers Wrong By ANDREW ROSS SORKIN Twenty years after he founded Amazon, Jeff Bezos has an authentic, legitimate claim on having changed the way we live, our columnist writes. New York Senator Wants Inquiry Into Stipend ‘Abuse’ By JESSE McKINLEY 9:21 PM ET The leader of the Senate Democratic Conference called on law enforcement to look into how stipends were seemingly improperly awarded to senators aligned with the Republican coalition. Australian Refugee Camp on Manus Island Is Closing, Detainees Say Asylum seekers said that immigration officials in Papua New Guinea told them that they would need to leave the center. Chanel’s Boomerang Comes Back to Hit It The French brand is the latest company to be called out on social media for cultural appropriation. Is this the new normal? Thailand Warns Facebook After Video Seems to Show King in Crop Top The government was demanding the removal of dozens of pages that it said had illegally insulted the monarchy a few weeks after the video was widely shared online. At Cannes, Politics Always Walks the Red Carpet Many of the most memorable and celebrated films shown over the festival’s 70 years have mirrored changes taking place in the wider world. ‘Downward Dog’ Talks but Sure Is Hard on the Ears A bored pooch narrates a new ABC series with nothing interesting to say, Neil Genzlinger writes in his review. A Waterfront Is Remade, With a Splash of Whiskey With the help of a horse farm once owned by a Vanderbilt, the Under Armour founder Kevin Plank is restoring luster to Baltimore landmarks. The Opinion Pages Editorial Did Mr. Trump Obstruct Justice? The former F.B.I. director wrote that the president asked him to end the investigation of Michael Flynn’s ties to Russia.  Comments Free Advice to Trump Aides: Quit While You Can By MICHELLE GOLDBERG To serve this president is to be diminished. And time is running out. Ross Douthat The 25th Amendment Solution Removal, not impeachment, for an unfit president.  Comments THOMAS L. FRIEDMAN It’s Chicken or Fish Republicans won’t stand up to Trump’s abuse of power. So now you have a choice.  Comments Editorial: Can Trump Be Trusted With State Secrets? Bruni: Trump and the Tattlers User Subscriptions Chasing After the Kushners in China Bill Clinton Didn’t Want His New York Times Crossword to Be Boring Times Insider » Chasing After the Kushners in China The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story N.Y. / Region A Tap Storyteller Lets Her Feet Do the Talking Opinion Charlie Company and the Small-Unit War Fashion & Style A Guide to Pippa Middleton’s Big Day Middle East Arab TV Series Hopes to Undermine Lure of ISIS Opinion Speak Up for Europe and Win Times Insider A New Comic Strip From The Times Entertainment Vintage Bookstores in Los Angeles Opinion Why the World Is Getting Hacked Our software systems are like unstable cities built on swamps. We could fix them if the industry and the government took decisive action. Travel Mastering Machu Picchu, Cheaply and Quickly Health New Gene Tests Pose a Threat to Insurers Opinion Muscovites Fight for a Slum of Their Own Times Insider Chasing After the Kushners in China Sections World » I Saw the Decline of a Democracy Risking 60 Lashes, Iranian Runs for Office So He Can Walk a Dog Trump May Have Shifted U.S. Intelligence Policy on Russia. Or Maybe Not. Business Day » Malware Case Is Major Blow for the N.S.A. Focus Turns to North Korea Sleeper Cells as Possible Culprits in Cyberattack ESPN Is Betting on Big Personalities to Restore Its Fortunes Opinion » Ross Douthat: The 25th Amendment Solution to Remove Trump Editorial: Did Mr. Trump Obstruct Justice? Thomas L. Friedman: It’s Chicken or Fish U.S. » Amid Puerto Rico’s Fiscal Ruins, a New Push for Statehood Babies From Skin Cells? Prospect Is Unsettling to Some Experts Chelsea Manning Is Expected to Leave Prison, 28 Years Early Technology » Tech Fix: How to Protect Yourself From Ransomware Attacks Focus Turns to North Korea Sleeper Cells as Possible Culprits in Cyberattack Facebook Gets Slap on the Wrist From 2 European Privacy Regulators Arts » Why the Netflix-Cannes Clash Couldn’t Be Avoided The First Time: Tituss Burgess: The First Time I Had to Parent My Mom Books of The Times: ‘Shake It Up’ Aims to Put Rock Writing in the Pantheon Politics » A New Goal for President Trump’s First Foreign Trip: Damage Control ‘Seriously? This is Not News’: Readers React to Trump’s Disclosure of Classified Intelligence What Is Obstruction of Justice? An Often-Murky Crime, Explained Fashion & Style » Suffering for Your Art? Maybe You Need a Patron The Not-Quite-Royal Wedding: A Guide to Pippa Middleton’s Big Day Up Next: This Designer Turns Everyday Objects Into a ‘Good Thing’ Movies » Why the Netflix-Cannes Clash Couldn’t Be Avoided Jimmy Kimmel Will Return as Oscars Host Brad Grey, Former Chairman of Paramount Pictures, Dies at 59 New York » Port Authority Wage Campaign Shifts as Union Takes Fight to Albany For a Village in Demand, It’s Lights, Camera, Inconvenience Amid Eavesdropping Accusations, City Jails Agency Official Is Fired Sports » Keeping Score: Mets, Once in the Pitching Penthouse, Are Evicted Early N.B.A. Draft Lottery: Celtics, Already No. 1 in the East, Add Pick No. 1 Maria Sharapova Is Denied a Wild-Card Spot in the French Open Theater » Idina Menzel to Return to the Stage in an Off Broadway Play The First Time: Tituss Burgess: The First Time I Had to Parent My Mom Big Changes Planned for Volksbühne Theater in Berlin Science » Profiles in Science: Brenda Milner, Eminent Brain Scientist, Is ‘Still Nosy’ at 98 ScienceTake: Why Honeybees Are Good at Grooming (It’s All in the Hair) NASA Denies Trump’s Request to Send Astronauts Past the Moon on New Rocket Obituaries » Lee Hall, Artist and de Kooning Biographer, Dies at 82 Thomas A. Bolan, Understated Force in New York Law, Dies at 92 Jerry Canterbury, Whose Paralysis Led to Informed Consent Laws, Is Dead at 78 Television » Critic's Notebook: ‘Designated Survivor’ Pivots From Thriller to Political Mirror Review: ‘Downward Dog’ Talks but Sure Is Hard on the Ears Watching: Margaret’s 4 TV Shows to Watch This Week Health » Babies From Skin Cells? Prospect Is Unsettling to Some Experts Texas Seeks Medicaid Money It Gave Up Over Planned Parenthood Ban When the Immune System Thwarts Lifesaving Drugs Travel » On the Water: Ten Favorite Places on European Rivers, Lakes and Coastlines Footsteps: A Botanist in Swedish Lapland Choice Tables: An Adriatic Feast on the Italian Coast Books » Books of The Times: ‘Shake It Up’ Aims to Put Rock Writing in the Pantheon Books of The Times: Digging to the Roots of Maurice Sendak’s Vision Q. & A.: Tell Us 5 Things About Your Book: Rafe Bartholomew on Growing Up at McSorley’s Education » Education Disrupted: How Google Took Over the Classroom Free Tuition? Tennessee Could Tutor New York 500 Students in a One-Room School: Fallout of New Jersey’s Funding Woes Food » What’s New in the Supermarket? A Lot, and Not All of It Good ‘Modern Mexican’ Steps Into the Spotlight Restaurant Review: Pork Is Only the Starting Point at Pig Bleecker Sunday Review » On Campus: U Can’t Talk to Ur Professor Like This Editorial: The Republican’s Guide to Presidential Behavior Frank Bruni: Donald Trump à la Mode Real Estate » Homes Built for Healing 360 View: Condo Tower to Rise Where Muslim Community Center Was Proposed Renters: From Homeless Shelter to Her First Apartment The Upshot » The New Health Care: Why Marathons Are More Dangerous for Nearby Residents Than Runners If Americans Can Find North Korea on a Map, They’re More Likely to Prefer Diplomacy Mother’s Pay: The Gender Pay Gap Is Largely Because of Motherhood Magazine » The Health Issue: What Animals Taught Me About Being Human The Health Issue: The Genetics of Pooched-Out Pooches The Health Issue: The Mystery of the Wasting House-Cats Automobiles » Hyundai Whistle-Blower, in Rarity for South Korea, Prompts Recall Driven: Video Review: A Competition Puts S.U.V.s Through Their Paces Lyft and Waymo Reach Deal to Collaborate on Self-Driving Cars T Magazine » The 10 Best Things We Saw at the Venice Biennale The Season’s Swimsuits and Knits, on Real Girls in Wales An Iconic American Painter, Re-examined Through Poetry Times Insider » Who Gets to Pay $57.4 Million? Inside Art Auction Bidding Wars What We’re Reading Looking Back: ‘I Got My Dog Through The New York Times’ Real Estate » Renters From Homeless Shelter to Her First Apartment By KIM VELSEY After a decade with no real home, a young Guyanese immigrant with cerebral palsy moves into her own place in Coney Island. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Mortgage Calculator Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Saudi sale of the century lures foreign investment banks, PE firms Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Tue May 16, 2017 | 9:29am EDT Saudi sale of the century lures foreign investment banks, PE firms left right FILE PHOTO: A view shows the King Abdullah Financial District north of Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, May 12, 2016. REUTERS/Faisal Al Nasser/File Photo 1/2 left right FILE PHOTO: Cars drive past the King Abdullah Financial District, north of Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, March 1, 2017. REUTERS/Faisal Al Nasser/File Photo 2/2 By Saeed Azhar and Tom Arnold | DUBAI DUBAI One of the world's largest privatization programs is drawing foreign investment banks and private equity (PE) firms to Saudi Arabia, despite the prospect of low fees and an uncertain regulatory environment. KKR is among the U.S.-based PE firms joining regional companies such as Abu Dhabi's Gulf Capital in the search for opportunities from the government's plan to sell off around $200 billion in assets on top of a stake in oil giant Saudi Aramco. Banks are also beefing up their operations. Citigroup (C.N) obtained a Saudi investment banking license last month and Goldman Sachs (GS.N) is looking into obtaining a Saudi equities license. Credit Suisse (CSGN.S) intends to apply for a full banking license and JPMorgan (JPM.N) is adding bankers. "We see a lot more opportunities in Saudi Arabia because for the first time the government is looking to partner with firms like ourselves and others," said Kaveh Samie, who heads the Middle East and North Africa region for KKR. For decades, many foreign financial companies kept a minimal presence in Riyadh or shunned it entirely. They chased business related to Saudi Arabia's investment of billions of petrodollars abroad, but saw few opportunities in the Saudi domestic economy. The kingdom had a reputation for offering low fees to investment banks, while PE firms found few prospects in an economy dominated by wealthy state enterprises and family conglomerates which jealously guarded control of their assets. But the mood has begun changing since last year's announcement of a privatization drive to help the economy diversify in an era of low oil prices. A vast range of assets will be offered via methods ranging from public offers of shares to PE deals. Vice economy minister Mohammed al-Tuwaijri told Reuters last month that Riyadh aimed to raise around $200 billion over several years - not including an expected tens of billions of dollars for the Saudi Aramco stake. (For a list of privatizations underway, click) Karim El Solh, chief executive of Abu Dhabi's Gulf Capital, said it had become more proactive seeking Saudi investments and its pipeline of potential deals had grown in three years. JPMorgan (JPM.N), which has around 70 bankers in Saudi Arabia, is adding about 10 across its investment banking, equities and custody businesses. "With economic transformation comes a need for transactional services, capital markets access and advice," said Sjoerd Leenart, JPMorgan's head of Middle East, Africa and Turkey. HSBC (HSBA.L) has made staffing changes to help its Saudi business, including the secondment last month of Samer Deghaili, co-head of equity capital markets in the region, to its Saudi subsidiary. OBSTACLES Foreign firms will still tread carefully in Saudi Arabia, and many may try to limit costs and risk by flying in staff from Dubai rather than basing personnel in Riyadh. Productivity levels among the local population are low and hiring foreigners has become increasingly difficult as Saudi Arabia restricts entry for workers. Also, some Westerners are reluctant to move there due to social restrictions. Investors have also been put off by the legal system which does not have laws on bankruptcy. The government has paid fees as low as 0.1 percentage point of deal value for past privatizations, compared to about 1 percent in developed markets. Riyadh is keen to show it is not being exploited by foreign firms, so fees may not rise much. But the volume of business - HSBC estimates 100 companies will be listed on the stock market in sectors including mining, healthcare and retail - is too large for bankers to neglect. "Saudi will be probably be a volumes market given the depth of the economy. Plus being the largest economy in the Gulf Cooperation Council, it is not one we can ignore," said Aasim Qureshi, managing director at QNB Capital, the investment banking arm of Qatar National Bank (QNB) QNBK.QA. QNB said this month it plans to apply for a Saudi license for its investment bank. One key for PE firms is how much control they will be given to manage their acquisitions. The government has not clarified its position on the size of stakes it will sell in state-owned companies but if it only sells minority stakes this could be unattractive for some PE firms as they generally like to have control. The government says it welcomes foreign investors but it could balk at measures they might take, such as staff cuts. "There is growing interest among GCC PEs in Saudi deals, but entering the kingdom is not easy for any PE firm, be it international or GCC," said one industry executive. "Most of the privatizations are expected in education and healthcare, and these sectors have strict national ownership rules." Nevertheless, many PE firms think there are bound to be lucrative deals given the wide range of sectors which Saudi Arabia's economic reforms aim to develop, including tourism, entertainment and auto manufacturing. "It is exactly the same kind of transformation that China and India went through," said Iqbal Khan, chief executive at Dubai's Fajr Capital. "We see this as a very big opportunity." (Editing by Andrew Torchia and Anna Willard) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Deals Yahoo to buy back $3 billion shares in tender offer Yahoo Inc said on Tuesday it would buy back up to $3 billion shares through a tender offer to provide liquidity to stockholders looking to sell the stock ahead of the company's pending deal with Verizon Communications Inc. Australia's Wesfarmers pulls office unit's IPO amid Amazon jitters SYDNEY Australia's Wesfarmers Ltd canceled a potential $1.1 billion IPO of its office supplies unit, underscoring uncertainty in a retail sector hit by weak spending and the slated arrival of online shopping giant Amazon.com Inc . Merck KGaA considers making divisions legally separate subsidiaries FRANKFURT Germany's Merck KGaA is considering shifting its chemicals, healthcare and biotech supplies operations into separate subsidiaries next year to better manage its diversified businesses. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Wall Street Thinks Trump’s All Talk When It Comes to Breaking Up Banks by Max Abelson @maxabelson More stories by Max Abelson May 16, 2017, 5:00 AM EDT Bankers expect to get rules changed on Volcker, stress tests ‘21st century’ Glass-Steagall may not be what it sounds like Trump Says He's Considering Breaking Up Big Banks On the first day of May, Donald Trump sat in the Oval Office and declared that his administration was taking a look at breaking up Wall Street’s biggest banks. If they ever took him seriously, it didn’t last. Instead of cowering, Wall Street executives and lobbyists are crowing, getting more confident about ditching rules that have annoyed them for years. That’s because the Trump administration is appointing friendly regulators and signaling it will make life easier for bankers. QuickTake Why Megabanks Fear the Return of Glass-Steagall Gary Cohn, left, and Jared Kushner attend a meeting with Trump in January. Photographer: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images “Break up the banks? That ain’t going to happen,” said Rick Hohlt, who has advised and lobbied for lenders including Citigroup Inc. for three decades. “You need legislation to do that. And the chance of that is about zero.” Two weeks after Trump’s threat, Wall Street’s hopes are high. The biggest U.S. banks want him to relax capital requirements that limit their leverage, lighten up on stress tests designed to help them survive another crisis and weaken the Volcker Rule that stops them from placing speculative bets -- something the administration is already  taking steps to do. 21st Century Their confidence doesn’t stop there. Some executives think that if the White House really does push for a sequel to Glass-Steagall -- the 1933 law that separated commercial and investment banking and was partly repealed 66 years later -- the new version would just scrap rules for smaller banks without breaking up large ones. Former CFTC Commissioner Bart Chilton told Bloomberg TV on May 9 that he hopes Glass-Steagall is reinstated. Source: Bloomberg Since taxpayer bailouts saved the financial system from toppling in 2008, some of the nation’s biggest banks have grown even bigger. JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Bank of America Corp. now have more than $2 trillion of assets each, and Wells Fargo & Co. isn’t far behind. Even Citigroup, which received the most generous bailout, still wields about $1.8 trillion. Trump, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and economic adviser Gary Cohn have all endorsed a “21st century” version of Glass-Steagall without explaining what they mean. In the interview this month, Trump told Bloomberg News that bank breakups were under consideration. “I’m looking at that right now as we speak,” he said. Read more: Why Megabanks Fear the Return of Glass-Steagall Tim Pawlenty, who runs the Financial Services Roundtable, a Wall Street lobbying group, doesn’t think the administration is really talking about Glass-Steagall when it refers to it. “Following the president’s remarks on the topic, Gary Cohn clarified the administration’s view of a modern-day Glass-Steagall is a two-tiered approach to regulation in which smaller banks would receive some regulatory relief,” said the former Minnesota governor, whose group represents banks including Bank of America, Citigroup and JPMorgan, the firm that spun off Morgan Stanley because of the original law. Diced Up Executives at three of the six biggest banks were on the same page, saying they’d be happy if Trump loosened rules for smaller lenders and sold it as a new and improved Glass-Steagall. It would be a nicer fate for those institutions than getting diced up or having to ring-fence consumer banking from trading operations. On the same day Trump made his breakup threat, Sean Spicer, his spokesman, said a 21st century Glass-Steagall would allow smaller banks to “spend less time complying with unnecessary requirements.” A spokeswoman for Cohn said he supports tailoring regulation according to bank size. But Wall Street’s biggest firms also want Trump to roll back regulations that bother them. High up on their wish list is Volcker, the rule in the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act that limits how they trade with their own money and invest in private equity and hedge funds. On May 8, at a meeting behind closed doors in Washington, Mnuchin told five regulatory agencies to reexamine what’s allowed under Volcker, according to two people familiar with the sit-down. It was a step that could give banks the flexibility to trade without getting into trouble. Banks also want the stress tests required by Dodd-Frank to be easier and less frequent. Trump said this year he expects “to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” Friendly Regulators Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up Bankers know it won’t be easy to gut that law in Congress, where House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling’s Financial Choice Act is facing resistance from some members of his own party. But they’re confident friendly appointees will relax rules even if Congress doesn’t change them. Mnuchin, his counselors Justin Muzinich and Craig Phillips, Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Jay Clayton, acting Comptroller of the Currency Keith Noreika and Randy Quarles, said to be Trump’s pick for top regulator at the Federal Reserve, have all worked at big banks or for them. The shift from clashing with regulators to working with them isn’t lost on lobbyist Sam Geduldig, a partner at CGCN Group in Washington, whose clients include Goldman Sachs Group Inc. “This is night and day,” the former top aide on the House Financial Services Committee said. He added that the industry always takes a president’s words on big issues seriously but there’s been no appetite on the Hill for reviving Glass-Steagall. Wall Street’s critics won’t be shocked if Trump ends up deregulating banks after dangling the prospect of breaking them apart. Art Wilmarth, who teaches banking law at George Washington University Law School, thinks investment and commercial banking won’t be divided before another fiasco hits. “It’s going to take another significant disruptive event, which could lead people to think, ‘Oh gosh, we really have to do something to control the risks,’” said Wilmarth, who was a consultant to the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission. “I hope it won’t be another full-blown crisis.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Rich Retirees Are Hoarding Cash Out of Fear Mom-and-Pop Joints Are Trouncing America's Big Restaurant Chains Apple Plans Laptop Upgrades to Take on Microsoft 25 Million Americans Could Find Mortgage Tax Break Useless Under Trump’s Plan Fyre Festival Was Buried Under Millions in Debt Before It Even Began Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (ASR) Rating Lowered to Underweight at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (NYSE:ASR) was downgraded by research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating in a research note issued to investors on Friday. Other research analysts have also issued reports about the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $216.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Morgan Stanley raised shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc lowered shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating, two have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $180.33. Shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (NYSE:ASR) opened at 193.33 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $58.00 billion, a PE ratio of 275.40 and a beta of 0.66. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $185.66 and a 200-day moving average of $159.81. Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV has a 52 week low of $131.72 and a 52 week high of $206.68. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/grupo-aeroportuario-dl-srst-sab-cv-asr-rating-lowered-to-underweight-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of ASR. AQR Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV by 110.4% in the first quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 54,591 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $9,457,000 after buying an additional 28,650 shares in the last quarter. Bank of America Corp DE raised its stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV by 678.3% in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 11,604 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $2,011,000 after buying an additional 10,113 shares in the last quarter. KCG Holdings Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV during the first quarter worth about $272,000. Citadel Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV during the first quarter worth about $287,000. Finally, Morgan Stanley raised its stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV by 64.5% in the first quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 10,918 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $1,891,000 after buying an additional 4,282 shares in the last quarter. 33.59% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV Company Profile Grupo Aeroportuario del Sureste SAB de CV (ASUR) is a holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries hold concessions to operate, maintain and develop approximately nine airports in the southeast region of Mexico, as well as over 10 airports in Colombia. The Company operates through segments, including Cancun airport and subsidiaries (Cancun), the Villahermosa Airport (Villahermosa), the Merida airport (Merida) and Services. Receive News & Ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Wednesday, May 17, 2017, 2:05 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Business news in brief This article was originally published May 16, 2017 at 2:07 a.m. Updated May 16, 2017 at 2:07 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Court OKs bids to collect outdated debt WASHINGTON -- A divided U.S. Supreme Court ruled that debt collectors can use bankruptcy proceedings to try to collect liabilities that are so old the statute of limitations has expired. Voting 5-3, the court said companies don't violate the U.S. Fair Debt Collection Practices Act when they file bankruptcy claims on that type of years-old debt. Justice Stephen Breyer joined the court's conservative wing in the majority. Critics accused debt collectors of violating the law by filing tens of thousands of outdated claims with bankruptcy courts in the hope that some debtors won't object. "The [resultant] decision appears to give creditors a free pass to file stale claims without fearing [Fair Debt Collection Practices Act] liability," Andrew Muller, a partner at Stinson Leonard Street LLP, said in an interview. "The flip side is that trustees and debtors' lawyers may be under increased pressure to more closely review claims to determine whether the claims are subject to a statute of limitations defense." The ruling is a victory for Encore Capital Group Inc.'s Midland Funding in an Alabama case that started with an effort to collect a $1,900 credit-card debt. The debtor, Aleida Johnson, sued Midland after a bankruptcy judge threw out Midland's claim. -- Bloomberg News Waymo, Lyft team up on driverless cars SAN FRANCISCO -- Waymo and Lyft confirmed Sunday that they've signed a deal to collaborate on autonomous technology through pilot projects and product development. The deal was first reported in The New York Times. General Motors will be implicitly involved with the deal. The automaker holds a major stake in Lyft, and the two are using GM's new electric car, the Bolt EV, as a test vehicle for driverless car technology. The companies revealed no details. Waymo, part of the Google family of companies, has been developing driverless technology longer than anyone. Lyft is the No. 2 ride-hailing company in the U.S., and GM is an automobile manufacturing behemoth. Automakers and tech companies are scrambling for position in the race to develop autonomous cars, trucks and buses. Add ride hailing to the mix, and analysts expect it'll be a market worth hundreds of billions of dollars. -- The Los Angeles Times JPMorgan to spend millions in Dublin DUBLIN -- JPMorgan Chase & Co. agreed to pay about $137 million for an office building under construction in Dublin, according to a person with knowledge of the plan. The person asked not to be identified because the price hasn't been been announced publicly. The bank's Irish unit is buying the 200 Capital Dock building from real estate firm Kennedy Wilson, Toronto-based Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd. and Ireland's National Asset Management Agency, Kennedy Wilson said in a statement on Monday. The building, which measures about 130,000 square feet and will be able to accommodate more than 1,000 workers, is due to be finished in the third quarter of 2018. Spokesmen for JPMorgan and Kennedy Wilson declined to comment on the price of the property. The acquisition is expected to complete at the same time as the building is finished. -- Bloomberg News Bavaria factory blast injures 13 people BERLIN -- German police say 13 people have been injured in an explosion in a factory in Bavaria. Police said four of those injured in the Monday morning explosion at the Schaeffler factory in the town of Eltmann suffered serious wounds and were flown by helicopter to a hospital. Firefighters, police and rescue crews were on the scene but authorities said there appears to be no wider danger for people living in the surrounding area. The cause of the explosion has not yet been determined. Schaeffler is a global automotive and industrial parts supplier and the plant in Eltmann produces rolling bearing components. The plant is located in an industrial area of the town, 55 miles north of Nuremberg. -- The Associated Press Aspen faces EU drug-cost investigation BRUSSELS -- Aspen Pharmacare Holdings Ltd. faces a European Union antitrust probe for increasing the price of cancer drugs as the EU joins a global crackdown on the soaring cost of life-saving generic medicines. "When the price of a drug suddenly goes up by several hundred percent, this is something the commission may look at," EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said in an emailed statement on Monday. The EU's first investigation into so-called excessive pricing of medicines follows Italian and British action against pharmaceutical price increases. U.S. officials have been looking at pricing of generic medicines for more than two years, triggering civil lawsuits from customers who say they were overcharged. -- Bloomberg News Cheese worker accused of parts theft MONTPELIER, Vt. -- A former Cabot Creamery employee suspected of stealing machine parts from the cheese company and using them in his side business selling maple syrup production equipment is being investigated by federal authorities. Randall Swartz is accused of buying parts for Cabot Creamery with company funds and then using them to build machines he sold in his business, according to an FBI affidavit filed in federal court. He also is accused of directing other Cabot Creamery employees to work for his side business on company time, the affidavit said. The FBI searched Swartz's Vermont home in March. No charges have been filed. Cabot Creamery did not say whether the parts, which another employee told investigators were stainless steel piping, clamps, tables, pans and pumps, are used in any of its equipment. Cabot Creamery, headquartered in Waitsfield, Vt., is known for its cheddar cheese. Its cheeses are sold nationally. -- The Associated Press Business on 05/16/2017 Print Headline: Business news in brief Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Western Digital seeks arbitration on Toshiba ... Oil's rise primes investors' pump Thermo Fisher bids $5.2B for Patheon Keystone operator unsure of U.S. oil producer... Business news in brief NEWS IN BRIEF Judge OKs settlement in Wal-Mart same-sex ben... Main Street Lofts building in Little Rock sol... Central Arkansas plantation's charms drew buy... More Business stories > Comments on: Business news in brief To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Trump asked Comey to shut down Flynn investigation (14 comments) Arkansas teens arrested after newborn hospitalized with ‘excessive’ rodent bites, police say (30 comments) Arkansas father accused of child abuse; 2-month-old son suffered arm fracture, police say (12 comments) 'Roseanne' returning to ABC with Barr as star; Katy Perry to join ' American Idol' (7 comments) Police: Would-be vacuum thief pulls gun at west Little Rock Target (6 comments) Report: Trump shared secret info about Islamic State with Russians (21 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Getting Technical Banks Still Look Like a Good Investment Financial stocks have gone nowhere this year, but be patient. A buying opportunity is near. By Michael Kahn Biography May 15, 2017 4:32 p.m. ET Banks and other financial stocks took off to the upside after the November election, but their performance so far this year has been disappointing. The KBW Bank Index is up less than 1% year to date, compared to a 7% gain for the Standard & Poor’s 500 index—while bank exchange-traded funds are actually down a fraction of a percent. In March, I wrote here that the banks should present a better buying opportunity once the postelection excitement was fully absorbed. While the patterns on the charts have changed a bit... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. AMD Unveils ‘Epyc’ Server Chip, ‘ThreadRipper’ 16-Core PC Chip Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. AT&T, Verizon’s 5G Will Be a Cable Killer First, Say Cowen Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. The Biggest Winner: AMD Advances 11.6% Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Why Is J.C. Penney Up Today? Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Disney Declines To Pay Ransom To Hackers Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 You Ain't Got Nothing on Me, Amazon 2 What's Next for the Price of Oil? 3 Abe's Ambition: A 'Japanese-Style Inclusive Society' Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Graham Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Graham Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Merus NV (MRUS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” from Analysts AXT Inc (AXTI) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for LTC Properties (LTC) CIBC World Markets Inc. Decreases Position in Ebix Inc (EBIX) State of Tennessee Treasury Department Has $5,315,000 Position in Orbital ATK Inc (OA) State of Tennessee Treasury Department Has $5.177 Million Stake in Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) State of Tennessee Treasury Department Has $5.293 Million Position in DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Shares Bought by CIBC World Markets Inc. CarMax, Inc (KMX) Stake Boosted by CIBC World Markets Inc. WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Position Cut by State of Tennessee Treasury Department eGain Corp (EGAN) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Investar Holding Corp (ISTR) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.23 Wells Fargo Income Opportunities Fund (EAD) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.16 Fenix Parts (FENX) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Western Asset Mrtg Defined Oppn Fund (DMO) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.32 First of Long Island Corp (FLIC) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.31 First Trust Energy Income & Growth Fund (FEN) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.28 Insider Selling: TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Director Sells 3,000 Shares of Stock Insider Buying: Agree Realty Co. (ADC) Director Acquires 2,500 Shares of Stock Flynn Dekker Sells 4,102 Shares of Wingstop Inc (WING) Stock GHP Investment Advisors Inc. Sells 161 Shares of Graham Co. (GHM) May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet GHP Investment Advisors Inc. lowered its stake in shares of Graham Co. (NYSE:GHM) by 0.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 18,270 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 161 shares during the period. GHP Investment Advisors Inc. owned approximately 0.19% of Graham worth $420,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of GHM. Two Sigma Investments LP raised its position in Graham by 92.0% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 42,701 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $946,000 after buying an additional 20,465 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Graham by 149.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 92,210 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,761,000 after buying an additional 55,179 shares during the period. WCM Investment Management CA raised its position in Graham by 1.8% in the third quarter. WCM Investment Management CA now owns 256,586 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $4,901,000 after buying an additional 4,625 shares during the period. Moors & Cabot Inc. raised its position in Graham by 2.8% in the third quarter. Moors & Cabot Inc. now owns 31,519 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $607,000 after buying an additional 853 shares during the period. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its position in Graham by 6.2% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 221,800 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $4,913,000 after buying an additional 13,000 shares during the period. 76.29% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Graham Co. (NYSE:GHM) traded down 0.45% during trading on Monday, hitting $22.26. The stock had a trading volume of 15,064 shares. Graham Co. has a 52 week low of $17.11 and a 52 week high of $25.00. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $22.32 and a 200-day moving average price of $22.06. The company has a market cap of $216.57 million, a PE ratio of 59.05 and a beta of 1.09. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/ghp-investment-advisors-inc-sells-161-shares-of-graham-co-ghm.html. In other news, insider James R. Lines sold 9,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $21.84, for a total transaction of $196,560.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 96,200 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,101,008. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Gerard T. Mazurkiewicz sold 1,750 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $22.40, for a total transaction of $39,200.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 12,031 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $269,494.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 17,260 shares of company stock valued at $376,559. Company insiders own 3.50% of the company’s stock. About Graham Graham Corporation designs, manufactures and sells critical equipment for the energy, defense and chemical/petrochemical industries. The Company designs and manufactures custom-engineered ejectors, vacuum pumping systems, surface condensers and vacuum systems. It is a nuclear code accredited fabrication and specialty machining company. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GHM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Graham Co. (NYSE:GHM). Receive News & Ratings for Graham Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Graham Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Evolent Health, Inc. Announces Pricing of Upsized Secondary Public Offering of Class A Common Stock WASHINGTON, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Evolent Health, Inc. (NYSE: EVH), a company providing an integrated value-based care platform to the nation's leading health systems and physician organizations ("Evolent Health"), today announced the pricing of an underwritten secondary public offering of 7,000,000 shares of its Class A common stock to be sold by UPMC, certain affiliates of TPG Global, LLC, The Advisory Board Company and Ptolemy Capital, LLC (together, the "Investor Stockholders") and certain management selling stockholders (the "Management Stockholders" and, together with the Investor Stockholders, the "Selling Stockholders"). The shares of Class A common stock are being sold to the public at a price of $24.65 per share. The offering was upsized from the previously announced offering size of 6,000,000 shares of Class A common stock. The offering is expected to close on May 19, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. Morgan Stanley, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC are acting as joint book-running managers and underwriters for the offering.  Evolent Health is not offering any shares of Class A common stock in the offering. Evolent Health will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of Class A common stock by the Selling Stockholders. A registration statement (including a base prospectus) relating to these securities has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and has become effective. The offering will be made only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus, each of which you should read before you invest. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus have been filed with the SEC. You may obtain these documents free of charge by visiting EDGAR on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement relating to the offering will be filed with the SEC and may be obtained free of charge, when available, from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, or by telephone at (866) 471-2526, facsimile at (212) 902-9316, or email at prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of, these shares of Class A common stock in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. About Evolent Health Evolent Health partners with leading health systems to drive value-based care transformation. By providing clinical, analytical and financial capabilities, Evolent Health helps physicians and health systems achieve superior quality and cost results. Evolent Health's approach breaks down barriers, aligns incentives and powers a new model of care delivery resulting in meaningful alignment between providers, payers, physicians and patients. Forward-Looking Statements – Cautionary Language Certain statements made in this press release and in other written or oral statements made by us or on our behalf are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 ("PSLRA"). A forward-looking statement is a statement that is not a historical fact and, without limitation, includes any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain words like: "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "estimate," "aim," "predict," "potential," "continue," "plan," "project," "will," "should," "shall," "may," "might" and other words or phrases with similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, trends in our businesses, prospective services, future performance or financial results and the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings. We claim the protection afforded by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the PSLRA. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from the results contained in the forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 and other documents filed with the SEC include factors that could affect our businesses and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a rapidly changing and competitive environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors. Further, it is not possible to assess the effect of all risk factors on our businesses or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. In addition, we disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date of this press release. SOURCE Evolent Health CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Health Care/Hospitals, Offerings Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bel Power Solutions introduit la toute première alimentation CA-CC utilisant des FET GaN Transphorm Next PostNext TransFlash is Released for FCPX by Pixel Film Studios Search Recent Posts Delta to present at Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Transportation Conference Market Report: 2017-2022 India Inulin Market Report (Status and Outlook) Market Report: 2017-2022 India OTR Tires Market Report (Status and Outlook) Fireproof Insulation Market Driven by Flourishing Construction Industry and Stringent Safety Regulations, 2024 Composer Stephen Schwartz Celebrated With ASCAP Founders Award At 2017 ASCAP Screen Music Awards Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
SMI 9'128 0.2%  SPI 10'372 0.2%  Dow 20'980 0.0%  DAX 12'805 0.0%  Euro 1.0918 -0.1%  EStoxx50 3'642 0.0%  Gold 1'244 0.2%  Dollar 0.9827 -0.3%  Öl 51.4 0.4%  SMI 9'128 0.2%  SPI 10'372 0.2%  Dow 20'980 0.0%  DAX 12'805 0.0%  Euro 1.0918 -0.1%  EStoxx50 3'642 0.0%  Gold 1'244 0.2%  Dollar 0.9827 -0.3%  Öl 51.4 0.4%    Menu✖ Börse Aktien Aktienkurse Indizes Listen Strukturierte Produkte Suche Fonds Obligationen Rohstoffe Devisen Währungsrechner Zinsen News & Analysen News Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen myfinanzen Registrieren Passwort vergessen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen Suchen✖   Anmelden Registrieren? Fan werden   Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen News Analysen Experten Kolumnen Finanzplanung Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen Rubriken Ad-hoc Meldungen Börsenberichte Chartanalysen Emittentennews Fondsgesellschaft News Heute im Fokus Immobilien Interviews Konjunktur Steuern Versicherungen Vorsorge Zinsen BrandReport Quellen awp Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires fondstrends.ch Handelszeitung Hugin newsbox.ch Redaktion finanzen.ch Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv Videoportal JPMorgan Chase & Aktie [Valor: 1161460 / ISIN: US46625H1005] Kaufen Verkaufen Als führende Anbieterin von Online-Finanzdienstleistungen bietet Swissquote Bank AG eine benutzerfreundliche Trading Plattform für den Handel von über 2.5 Millionen Finanzprodukten. Hinzu kommen verschiedene Forex Plattformen, ePrivate Banking Services, Hypotheken und Sparkonten. Kaufen Verkaufen Konto eröffnen Konto eröffnen Kurse + Charts + Realtime News + Analysen Fundamental Unternehmen zugeh. Wertpapiere Aktion Kurs + Chart Chart (gross) News + Adhoc Bilanz/GuV Termine Strukturierte Produkte Portfolio Times + Sales Chartvergleich Analysen Schätzungen Profil Watchlist Börsenplätze Realtime Push Kursziele Dividende/GV Orderbuch Analysen Historisch < Kurse + Charts + Realtime Kurs + Chart Chart (gross) Times + Sales Chartvergleich Börsenplätze Realtime Push Orderbuch Historisch > < News + Analysen News + Adhoc Analysen Kursziele > < Fundamental Bilanz/GuV Schätzungen Dividende/GV Analysen > < Unternehmen Termine Profil > < zugeh. Wertpapiere Strukturierte Produkte > 16.05.2017 03:02:45 JPMorgan Agrees To Pay About EUR 125 Mln For Office Building In Dublin Tweet A A Teilen Drucken (RTTNews) - JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) agreed to pay about 125 million euros for an office building under construction in Dublin, Bl;Bloomberg reported citing a person with knowledge of the matter. The bank's Irish unit is buying the 200 Capital Dock building from real estate firm Kennedy Wilson, Toronto-based Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd. and Ireland's National Asset Management Agency, Kennedy Wilson reportedly said. The building, which measures about 130,000 square feet and will be able to accommodate more than 1,000 workers, is due to be finished in the third quarter of 2018. Nachrichten zu JPMorgan Chase & Co.mehr Nachrichten Relevant Alle vom Unternehmen 16.05.17 When Will JPMorgan Chase Split Its Stock Again? (EN, MotleyFool) 16.05.17 When Will JPMorgan Chase Split Its Stock Again? (FOX Business) 15.05.17 3 Reasons JPMorgan Chase Stock Is a Buy Right Now (and 2 Reasons It Isn't) (EN, MotleyFool) 15.05.17 JP Morgan kauft sich ein grosses Büro in Dublin (Handelszeitung) 15.05.17 JP Morgan buys bigger office for 1,000 staff in Dublin (EN, BBC) 15.05.17 JPMorgan buys office building in Ireland amid Brexit fears (FOX Business) 15.05.17 JP Morgan: US-Investmentbank kauft Immobilie in Dublin (Handelsblatt) Analysen zu JPMorgan Chase & Co.mehr Analysen Alle Buy Hold Sell 11.01.17 JPMorgan Chase & Buy UBS AG 10.01.17 JPMorgan Chase & Neutral Citigroup Corp. 03.01.17 JPMorgan Chase & overweight Barclays Capital 05.12.16 JPMorgan Chase & buy Deutsche Bank AG 09.11.16 JPMorgan Chase & Neutral Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated 11.01.17 JPMorgan Chase & Buy UBS AG 10.01.17 JPMorgan Chase & Neutral Citigroup Corp. 03.01.17 JPMorgan Chase & overweight Barclays Capital 05.12.16 JPMorgan Chase & buy Deutsche Bank AG 09.11.16 JPMorgan Chase & Neutral Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated 11.01.17 JPMorgan Chase & Buy UBS AG 03.01.17 JPMorgan Chase & overweight Barclays Capital 05.12.16 JPMorgan Chase & buy Deutsche Bank AG 24.10.16 JPMorgan Chase & Market Perform BMO Capital Markets 14.04.16 JPMorgan Chase & buy Société Générale Group S.A. (SG) 10.01.17 JPMorgan Chase & Neutral Citigroup Corp. 09.11.16 JPMorgan Chase & Neutral Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated 14.04.16 JPMorgan Chase & Neutral Nomura 15.01.16 JPMorgan Chase & Neutral UBS AG 11.01.16 JPMorgan Chase & Neutral Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: Valor / ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: CHF Hinzufügen Speichern Bitte aktivieren Sie JavaScript für Kommentare powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Newssuche GO Inside (Anzeige) 08:30 Nestlé hebt SMI auf Jahreshoch 16.05.17 Julius Bär Warrants - Neuemissionen 12.05.17 Vontobel: Schweizer Industriewerte: 5% p.a. garantiert und Chance auf Verdoppelung 08.05.17 ideas Magazin - Grossmeister der Börse und ihre Erfolgsstrategien mehr Inside Fonds (Anzeige) 16.05.17 J.P. Morgan AM: Breit gestreutes Aktien-Portfolio mit attraktiver Rendite 09.05.17 Schroders: Macron victory marks market-friendly French election outcome mehr Aktien in diesem Artikel JPMorgan Chase & Co. 86.40 -3.41% JPMorgan Chase & am 16.05.2017 Meistgelesene Nachrichten "Ein Niesen reicht": Warum die Schweizer Börse den SMI ändern muss Buffett stockt bei Apple und Airlines auf - Fox fliegt raus Syngenta-Übernahme schreibt Wirtschaftsgeschichte Amazon-Börsengang vor 20 Jahren: So reich wurden Anleger mit Amazon-Aktien Evolva-Aktien bis zum Ende des Tages vom Handel ausgesetzt Euro steigt auf Sechsmonatshoch - Nähert sich 1,10 zum Franken Diese Aktien empfehlen die Experten zum Kauf SMI schliesst mit positiven Vorzeichen -- DAX geht auf Vortagesniveau aus dem Handel Für Meyer Burger-CEO geniesst Rückkehr in Gewinnzone weiterhin höchste Priorität UBS-Aktien leichter: GIC will 93 Millionen Papiere an institutionelle Anleger verkaufen Börse aktuell - Live Ticker SMI und DAX mit roten Vorzeichen erwartet Zur Wochenmitte dürften sich die europäischen Indizes mit negativen Vorzeichen zeigen. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien SMI  SPI  SLI  SMIM  DAX  EuroStoxx 50  Dow Jones  Nasdaq 100  Nikkei 225  S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung Schweizer Börse: 20 Min., Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH SMI  SMI Realtime  Goldpreis  Aktien  Kursliste SMI  Devisen  Dollarkurs  Eurokurs  Silberpreis  Fonds  Strukturierte Produkte  Warrants  Rohstoffe  Portfolio  Währungsrechner  Aktienkurse  Ölpreis  Leitzins  Börsenkurse Weitere Ringier Axel Springer Schweiz AG Online-Angebote: Beobachter | Bilanz | Glückspost | Handelszeitung PME Magazine | Schweizer Bank | Schweizer Versicherung | TV Star
Skip to content Home Subscribe Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires Breitbart London Breitbart Jerusalem Breitbart Texas Breitbart California STORE Facebook Twitter RSS Jamie Dimon: I’ll Help Trump Because I’m a Patriot AFP/ Molly Riley by John Carney16 May 20170 16 May, 2017 16 May, 2017 SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Jamie Dimon told a hostile crowd of shareholders Tuesday morning that he supports President Donald Trump out of a sense of patriotic duty. “He is the president of the United States, he is the pilot flying the airplane. I’d try to help any president of the US because I’m a patriot. That does not mean I agree with every policy he is trying to implement,” the chairman and chief executive of J.P. Morgan Chase said at the bank’s annual meeting Tuesday in Wilmington, Delaware. Dimon has compared the president to an airplane pilot in the past. “When you get on the airplane, you better be rooting for the success of the pilot,” Dimon said at a townhall event hosted by Yahoo Finance in April. During the question and answer portion of the annual meeting, a number of shareholders called on Dimon to publicly disavow Trump and his policies, particularly Trump’s immigration stance. Dimon listened to several speeches from shareholders before he responded. Dimon said that he agreed with Trump’s plans to reform the corporate tax system. “Our corporate tax system is driving capital and brains overseas and excessive regulation is reducing growth and business formation particularly for small businesses,” he said. The chief executive also commented on bank regulation, saying that some of the rules put in place after the financial crisis went too far and should be pulled back. “We are not looking to throw out the entirety of Dodd-Frank or other rules. It is, however, appropriate to open up the rulebook in the light of day and rework the rules and regulations that don’t work well or are unnecessary,” Dimon said. Read More Stories About: Big Government, Economics, Banks, Donald Trump, Jamie Dimon, JP Morgan Chase, JPM Comment count on this article reflects comments made on Breitbart.com and Facebook. Visit Breitbart's Facebook Page. BREITBART CONNECT Sign Up For Our Newsletter MOST POPULAR More Leaks: James Comey Memo Says Trump Tried To Shut Down Flynn Investigation0 comments - 9 hours ago Fox News: Seth Rich, Murdered DNC Staffer, ‘Leaked Thousands of Internal Emails to WikiLeaks’0 comments - 18 hours ago Deep State Leaks Highly Classified Info to Washington Post to Smear President Trump0 comments - 1 day ago H.R. McMaster Blasts Leakers: ‘National Security Is Put at Risk’0 comments - 13 hours ago Donald Trump Defends Sharing Classified Intel with Russia0 comments - 19 hours ago Donald Trump Plans ‘Direct’ Speech to Muslims About Radical Islamic Terror0 comments - 12 hours ago Report: Investigator Says Evidence Showing Deceased DNC Staffer Seth Rich Was Emailing With WikiLeaks0 comments - 1 day ago New York Times Outs Israel as Source of Classified Intel Before Trump Visit0 comments - 10 hours ago Matthews: ‘We’re on the Trail’ to ‘Impeachment’ With Comey Firing0 comments - 7 hours ago KellyAnne Conway Fires Back at Morning Joe’s Baseless Attack: ‘It Is a Privilege to Assist President Trump’0 comments - 12 hours ago Race Distraction Trifecta Christopher Essex Armed American Radio FROM THE HOMEPAGE More Leaks: James Comey Memo Says Trump Tried to Shut Down Flynn Investigation0 Comments New York Times Oversells ‘Comey’s Revenge’ Story0 Comments CNN’s Bash on NYT Report: The Deep State Knows How to ‘Get Back Even If You’re President’0 Comments Matthews: ‘We’re on the Trail’ to ‘Impeachment’ With Comey Firing0 Comments CNN’s Gergen: ‘We’re In Impeachment Territory’0 Comments Kimberly Guilfoyle Discusses Potential White House Press Secretary Job in Interview0 Comments Dems Plan Summer Camps for Trump Resisters 0 Comments 5 Unanswered Questions About ABC’s Cancellation of ‘Last Man Standing’0 Comments Breitbart News Daily: Comey’s Revenge0 Comments White House: No Comment on Ongoing Seth Rich Investigation0 Comments 4 Unanswered Questions Surrounding Murdered DNC Staffer Seth Rich0 Comments On Jerusalem, as on Much Else, It’s Trump vs. ‘Deep State’0 Comments Send A Tip Send A Tip advertisement Copyright © 2017 Breitbart Advertise With Us EXPLORE BREITBART Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires London Jerusalem Texas California The Conversation Privacy Policy Terms of Use Breitbart Jobs Connect Facebook Twitter RSS Send us a tip SUBSCRIBE TO THE BREITBART NEWSLETTERSwitch to Full Site Copyright © 2017 Breitbart X
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Quick Facts   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share G1 Therapeutics Prices IPO Of 7 Mln Shares At $15/share; Raises $105 Mln 5/17/2017 12:07 AM ET G1 Therapeutics, Inc., a clinical-stage oncology company, announced late Tuesday the pricing of its initial public offering of 7 million shares of common stock at a public offering price of $15 per share for aggregate gross proceeds of $105 million. In addition, G1 Therapeutics has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to 1.05 million additional shares of its common stock at the IPO price. The shares are scheduled to begin trading on The NASDAQ Global Select Market on May 17 under the ticker symbol "GTHX." J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Cowen and Company, LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. Needham & Company, LLC and Wedbush Securities Inc. are acting as co-managers. Research Triangle Park, NC -based G1 Therapeutics develops novel, small-molecule therapies that address significant unmet needs in the treatment of cancer. Its two clinical-stage candidates are trilaciclib (G1T28) and G1T38, which are potent, selective inhibitors of the validated kinase targets CDK4/6. Trilaciclib and G1T38 are designed to be combined and enhance the anti-tumor activity of current therapies. It is also developing G1T48, an oral selective estrogen receptor degrader (SERD) for the treatment of breast cancer. The Company is evaluating trilaciclib in three Phase II clinical trials. G1T38 is being evaluated in combination with Faslodex in a Phase I b/II a trial for patients with estrogen receptor-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The 10 Worst Countries in the World For Health Care Music City Miracle: The 10 Hottest U.S. Housing Markets May Surprise You The 10 Most Beloved Credit Cards, Ranked by Wallethub Previous Story Next Story Quick Facts Bouygues Q1 Net Loss Narrows On Higher Revenues; Backs FY17 Outlook ABN AMRO Q1 Profit Climbs; Says Further Progress In 2020 Targets - Quick Facts Dick's Sporting Goods Backs FY17 Adj. EPS Forecast, Cuts Comps View Vonovia Expects Significant Growth For 2017 - Quick Facts H&R Block CEO Bill Cobb To Retire; Names Tom Gerke Interim CEO Sangamo Gets Fast Track Designation For SB-525 Hemophilia A Gene Therapy Manchester United Slips To Loss In Q3; Lifts FY17 Forecast - Quick Facts Yahoo Commences Tender Offer To Purchase Up To $3.0 Bln Of Its Stock Merck KGaA Plans Measures For Structural Development Of Its Business Sectors Inchcape Reports Distribution Contract Win With Groupe PSA In Australia BTG FY17 Profit Declines, Revenues Climb; Sees Growth Ahead - Quick Facts OM Asset Management Launches Public Offering Of 17.3 Mln Of Ordinary Shares EasyJet Posts Wider Loss In H1; Total Revenue Up 3.2% - Quick Facts Vodafone Posts Pre-tax Profit In FY17; Ups Dividend; Sees Higher EBITDA In FY18 Symantec Blocks 22 Mln Attempted WannaCry Ransomware Attacks - Quick Facts Nokia Launches Ultra Compact Network For Emergency Services - Quick Facts GIC Private Intends To Sell Up To 93 Mln Shares In UBS Group Greenlight Capital Urges GM Shareholders To Vote For Director Nominees Pembina Pipeline And Petrochemical Industries Co. Of Kuwait Establish JV Otsuka Secures Exclusive Rights In Japan To Fremanezumab - Quick Facts Amazon And Best Buy Offer Pre-Orders Of Norton Core AIG, Hamilton Insurance And Two Sigma Insurance Expand Partnership AIG Names Brian Duperreault President And CEO - Quick Facts Owens Corning To Acquire Pittsburgh Corning - Quick Facts Moody's To Buy Bureau Van Dijk In $3.27 Bln Deal - Quick Facts <<Previous        123 Articles Editors Pick U.S. Dips On Fragile States Index; South Sudan Most Fragile State The United States ranks as the thirteenth-most worsened state of the year, according to the 2017 Fragile States Index, which aims to assess states' vulnerability to conflict or collapse. The thirteenth annual Fragile States Index was released on Monday by the Fund for Peace, a non-partisan, non-profit organization that works to prevent violent conflict and promote sustainable security. Berkshire Hathaway Bought Airlines, Sold Fox American billionaire Warren Buffet has unloaded all the 21st Century Fox shares. Buffet has been reportedly holding 8.9 million shares worth around $250 million in Fox that has been hit by accusation of discrimination and mistreatment. Baby Wipes Recalled For Mold Risk The Honest Company is voluntarily recalling certain lots of baby wipes, citing the possible presence of mold. This product is distributed in the U.S. and Canada. The company advised consumers to return the affected product to their point of purchase for a full refund. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Most Read Most Emailed Company Spotlight: Immunomedics AKTX Falls To Disgrace, CATB Awaits Data In Q3, CORI Surges On Trial Data Gainers & Losers Of May 15: CBMG, ETRM, ALNY, EGRX, ONCS... AKBA Abuzz, ANTH On Track For RESULT, IMUC Faces Cash Crunch, IONS Falls AZN's PACIFIC Proves To Have Depth, ARDX Abuzz, No Flashy Data From ALLSTAR Hyundai And Kia Ordered To Recall 240,000 Cars AstraZeneca, MedImmune Report Positive Results For Imfinzi Trial In NSCLC Lilly: Galcanezumab For Migraine Met Primary Endpoint In Three Phase 3 Trials Major Cyber Attack With Stolen NSA Tools Hits Systems Worldwide Loxo Oncology: FDA Grants Orphan Drug Designation To Larotrectinib Thyssenkrupp Posts Q2 Net Loss; Now Sees Net Loss In FY17; Stock Dips Riding High: Hortonworks Inc. MP3 Creators Declare Format Dead K3 Business Now Sees FY Results Significantly Below Market View; Stock Plunges Company Spotlight: Immunomedics Johnson & Johnson Posting Strong Gain On Upgrade By JPMorgan Ionis Pharmaceuticals Posting Steep Loss In Afternoon Trading GIC Private Intends To Sell Up To 93 Mln Shares In UBS Group Lyft, Waymo Sign Collaboration Deal On Self-driving Cars Eco Animal Health Says FY Results Likely To Exceed Market View; Stock Up United Internet Q1 EBIT Rises; Confirms FY Guidance BHP Drops 'Billiton' From Its Name PGE Suspends Permitting Processes For New Power Plant Sites Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd. Q4 Earnings Rise 336% Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessStocks May 17, 2017 11:08 AM IST | Source: CNBC-TV18 Buy, Sell, Hold: Here are 3 stocks that analysts are tracking today Punjab National Bank, Shree Cement and Tata Steel are on the radar of analysts on Wednesday. Tata Steel Brokerage: Macquarie | Rating: Underperform | Target: Rs 370 The company’s EBITDA beat was driven by significant surprise in India and Europe margins, said Macquarie. The guidance of no capex expansion in this fiscal and UK pension talks being in final stages are key positives for the company, it said. Macquarie sees Q4FY17 as the peak of margins and earnings and any near term rally is a chance to exit. On margins, it does not feel that current levels are sustainable. The contraction in margin in India and Europe business are key catalysts for the stock, it added. Brokerage: Morgan Stanley | Rating: Overweight | Target: Rs 575 Morgan Stanley believes that earnings momentum, though currently strong, may moderate from current levels. The better than expected momentum in the FAMD (Ferro Alloys and Minerals Division) business in current quarter is a positive. Brokerage: CLSA | Rating: Buy | Target: Rs 570 The brokerage observed that the firm witnessed strong margin expansion in both India and Europe in Q4. Margins are likely to recede from Q4, but expectations for FY18 still get a lift. If UK Pension negotiations go through, chances of a joint venture with ThyssenKrupp brighten, it feels. Overall, it remains positive on the firm given pension talks and improving industry environment. Brokerage: JPMorgan | Rating: Overweight | Target: Rs 690 The global brokerage has increased FY18-20 earnings per share (EPS) estimates by 7-8 percent. It believes that any JV in Tata Europe should drive a re-rating and hence there is an upside to the target price. Meanwhile, downside risks include collapse in margins in India and Europe businesses. Brokerage: Emkay | Rating: Hold | Target: Rs 453 Emkay has revised volume and margins estimates for the domestic business. It believes that current performance will be tough to repeat given RM volatility and steel prices. Punjab National Bank Brokerage: Nomura | Rating: Neutral | Target: Rs 180 With recent re-rating, it believes asset quality improvement is factored into price. It feels that the focus will now shift to core PPOP/assets, which will likely remain under pressure. It prefers SBI among PSU banks. Nomura sees stress resolutions to be driven by taking fair haircuts rather than upgrades. Brokerage: Citi | Rating: Buy | Target: Rs 170 An improvement in Q4 asset quality was accompanied by an increase in coverage ratio, it said. The bank is making progress in addressing these quality issues, the global financial services firm observed. Return to higher growth along with larger asset resolutions will be the key, it added. Brokerage: CLSA | Rating: Sell | Target: Rs 160 High stress loans and low return on assets is driving the sell rating on the stock. A speedy recovery of NPLs and smooth management transition will be the key. It has lowered earnings estimates for FY18-19CL on lower margin and higher provisions Brokerage: Credit Suisse | Rating: Underperform | Target: Rs 118 The bank will require large dilutions, given CET-I is down to 7.9 percent, while stressed asset cover is at 30 percent. It cut EPS by 7-8 percent as it build in dilution in FY18. Brokerage: Morgan Stanley | Rating: Underweight | Target: Rs 92 The brokerage observed that headline earnings missed estimates despite positive surprise on pension provision. It expected margin to improve in this quarter on lower regulatory drags. Brokerage: Kotak | Rating: Reduce | Target: Rs 165 Expense reversal and treasury gains drove earnings outperformance, the brokerage house highlighted. It said that the company had a strong liability franchise with over 46 percent CASA ratio, which was a key positive for the bank. Brokerage: Goldman Sachs | Rating: Sell | Target: Rs 125 Goldman Sachs observed that asset quality risks persisted, and fresh slippages 150 percent higher than estimates. Higher provisions are likely to be driven by ageing of NPLs. Improvement in asset quality, faster credit growth are key risks for the stock. Brokerage: Jefferies | Rating: Hold | Target: Rs 160 It sees impairments, weak recovery as key downside risks to the stock. Meanwhile, lower NPLs, higher recoveries are key upside risks to the stock. Shree Cement Brokerage: Citi | Rating: Neutral | Target: Rs 20,500 The brokerage prefers ACC, Ambuja, UltraTech and Grasim in the cement space. It raised earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) by 1-5 percent on higher prices/volumes offset by costs. Brokerage: CLSA | Rating: Underperform | Target: Rs 18,000 The brokerage believes that it is still one of the best wealth creators in the sector due to strong execution.Brokerage: JPMorgan | Rating: Neutral | Target: Rs 18,000 Operating earnings were in line, while volume and realisation beat was offset by sharp cost increase. Brokerage: Morgan Stanley | Rating: Overweight | Target: Rs 20,550An improvement in prices in North should aid realisations and EBITDA in the ensuing quarters. It observed that higher costs lead to EBITD miss in Q4. tags #BSE #Market #Nifty #NSE #Sensex #Stocks Views Related news Business As Nifty50 trades at record highs smart money is waiting on sidelines: Nilesh Shah May 17, 2017 12:31 PM Business Buy JSW Steel, Tata Consultancy Services, NCC: Sandeep Wagle May 17, 2017 12:27 PM Business PSP Projects IPO: Issue subscribed 0.02 times so far May 17, 2017 12:17 PM Business Low cost deposit remains strong for PNB; SBI Q4 nors unlikely to shock: IDBI Cap May 17, 2017 12:11 PM Business Apollo Tyres may hit Rs 250; buy Tata Steel: Mitessh Thakkar May 17, 2017 12:04 PM Business Buy Godrej Properties, Bank of Baroda, Mahanagar Gas: Ashwani Gujral May 17, 2017 11:56 AM Business Nifty under Modi: What investors have learnt so far (Hint: respect earnings) May 17, 2017 11:51 AM Business Fund managers increased their holding in these 20 blue-chip companies in April May 17, 2017 11:30 AM Business Capital First promoter looks to sell one-third stake May 17, 2017 11:20 AM News Most Popular Top News Almost 35 midcap stocks turn multibaggers in the 3 years of Modi govt; do you own them? IPL points table is complicated: Three matches, eight possible outcomes Bangalore techies in panic mode as IT companies shed workforce Reliance Jio launching JioFiber Preview Offer in Mumbai, Delhi-NCR, 4 other cities Fund managers increased their holding in these 20 blue-chip companies in April Nifty under Modi: Key lessons investors learnt. Were you one of them? Market Live: Sensex, Nifty consolidate in a tight range, FMCG stocks drag 1000 days of Modi Govt: The rally has only started, lot of stocks can give 5-10x returns: Porinju see more Video of the day Market can rise despite high valuations, Nifty could hit 10K in a few months: IL&FS Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Uttaresh Venkateshwaran
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Phoenix Group Holdings - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Phoenix Group Holdings with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Phoenix Group Holdings (PHNX) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages $0.35 EPS Expected for Essendant Inc (ESND) This Quarter Brokerages Anticipate Aerie Pharmaceuticals Inc (AERI) to Post -$0.74 Earnings Per Share Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd (HOLI) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Hurricane Energy (HRCXF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Gridsum Holding Inc – (GSUM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research MTGE Investment Corp (MTGE) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports First Bank (FRBA) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Farmers National Banc Corp (FMNB) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds First Solar (FSLR) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.18 Novadaq Technologies (NVDQ) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Somewhat Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Affect Triple-S Management Corp. (GTS) Stock Price Collegium Pharmaceutical Inc (COLL) Insider Paul Brannelly Acquires 10,000 Shares of Stock Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Director L Paul Teague Sells 1,038 Shares of Stock Hill International Inc (HIL) Director David Sgro Acquires 22,566 Shares of Stock Simmons First National Co. (SFNC) CEO George Makris, Jr. Acquires 2,000 Shares of Stock Quanta Services Inc (PWR) Shares Sold by Brown Capital Management LLC Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. Has $75.092 Million Position in Leucadia National Corp. (LUK) Tegna Inc (TGNA) Stake Boosted by Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC Brown Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Orbotech Ltd (ORBK) Phoenix Group Holdings (PHNX) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Phoenix Group Holdings (LON:PHNX) has earned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the eight ratings firms that are currently covering the firm. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, two have assigned a hold recommendation and five have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1 year price target among analysts that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is GBX 820 ($10.58). A number of research firms recently issued reports on PHNX. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 875 ($11.29) target price on shares of Phoenix Group Holdings in a research report on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 826 ($10.66) target price on shares of Phoenix Group Holdings in a research report on Wednesday, May 10th. Canaccord Genuity lifted their target price on Phoenix Group Holdings from GBX 800 ($10.33) to GBX 840 ($10.84) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Numis Securities Ltd reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 785 ($10.13) target price on shares of Phoenix Group Holdings in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Finally, Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “underweight” rating and issued a GBX 673 ($8.69) target price on shares of Phoenix Group Holdings in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Shares of Phoenix Group Holdings (LON:PHNX) traded down 1.12% on Tuesday, reaching GBX 748.50. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,242,508 shares. Phoenix Group Holdings has a 1-year low of GBX 610.22 and a 1-year high of GBX 817.48. The stock’s market cap is GBX 2.93 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average is GBX 747.26 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 746.73. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 30th were given a dividend of GBX 23.90 ($0.31) per share. This represents a yield of 3%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 30th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/phoenix-group-holdings-phnx-given-average-rating-of-buy-by-brokerages.html. In other news, insider Nicholas Shott acquired 5,000 shares of Phoenix Group Holdings stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 27th. The stock was bought at an average price of GBX 782 ($10.09) per share, for a total transaction of £39,100 ($50,471.15). Also, insider John Pollock acquired 10,000 shares of Phoenix Group Holdings stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 745 ($9.62) per share, with a total value of £74,500 ($96,166.26). In the last three months, insiders have acquired 15,053 shares of company stock worth $11,399,972. About Phoenix Group Holdings Phoenix Group Holdings is a consolidator of closed life assurance funds specializing in the management and acquisition of closed life and pension funds. The Company’s segment: life assurance (including its management services operations) is referred to as Phoenix Life. It has four operating life companies, which hold policyholder assets and a distribution business, SunLife. Receive News & Ratings for Phoenix Group Holdings Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Phoenix Group Holdings and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Harmony Gold Mining Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Harmony Gold Mining Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Harmony Gold Mining (HMY) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.23 Himax Technologies (HIMX) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Galmed Pharmaceuticals (GLMD) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Finds DDR Corp (DDR) CFO Matthew Louis Ostrower Acquires 53,000 Shares of Stock Charter Communications, Inc. (CHTR) Director David C. Merritt Acquires 1,200 Shares Premier Inc (PINC) Insider Craig S. Mckasson Sells 10,750 Shares Centamin PLC (CEY) Insider Trevor Stanley Schultz Acquires 2,600 Shares of Stock Airain ltd Acquires New Stake in Zions Bancorp (ZION) Newfield Exploration Co. (NFX) Shares Sold by Airain ltd Gold Resource Co. (GORO) Stake Maintained by GHP Investment Advisors Inc. GHP Investment Advisors Inc. Has $210,000 Position in Tata Motors Limited (TTM) AllSquare Wealth Management LLC Has $158,000 Stake in Energy Transfer Equity LP (ETE) Compton Capital Management Inc. RI Boosts Stake in Chicago Bridge & Iron Company (CBI) Levin Capital Strategies L.P. Reduces Stake in Darling Ingredients Inc (DAR) Levin Capital Strategies L.P. Invests $437,000 in Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) Levin Capital Strategies L.P. Purchases New Stake in Time Inc (TIME) Levin Capital Strategies L.P. Has $607,000 Position in Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) Liberty Broadband Corp (LBRDA) Shares Sold by Levin Capital Strategies L.P. Aramark (ARMK) Shares Sold by Levin Capital Strategies L.P. Neville Rodie & Shaw Inc. Has $275,000 Position in Chicago Bridge & Iron Company (CBI) Harmony Gold Mining (HMY) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.23 May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News articles about Harmony Gold Mining (NYSE:HMY) have been trending somewhat positive this week, AlphaOne Sentiment reports. The research group, a division of Accern, identifies negative and positive press coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Harmony Gold Mining earned a media sentiment score of 0.23 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned news headlines about the mining company an impact score of 0 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is extremely unlikely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. Here are some of the news headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s analysis: Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited (NYSE:HMY) Moves The Needle 6.94% For the Week – Concord Register (concordregister.com) Analysts Perspectives: Harmony Gold Mining Co. Ltd (NYSE:HMY) – ExpertGazette (expertgazette.com) Investor Corner: Performance Watch for Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited (NYSE:HMY) – Business Daily (oxfordbusinessdaily.com) Million-ounce-plus gold output well in reach – Harmony (latribunadecanarias.com) Harmony Gold on Track to Meet 2017 Gold Production Guidance (finance.yahoo.com) HMY has been the topic of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Harmony Gold Mining from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Harmony Gold Mining from an “overweight” rating to an “underweight” rating in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG downgraded shares of Harmony Gold Mining from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and five have given a hold rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $2.50. Harmony Gold Mining (NYSE:HMY) traded down 1.74% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $2.26. 4,201,785 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $988.30 million, a PE ratio of 4.69 and a beta of -1.75. The company has a 50-day moving average of $2.39 and a 200-day moving average of $2.46. Harmony Gold Mining has a 1-year low of $1.86 and a 1-year high of $4.87. WARNING: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/harmony-gold-mining-hmy-earns-daily-media-sentiment-rating-of-0-23.html. Harmony Gold Mining Company Profile Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in gold mining and related activities, including exploration, extraction and processing. The Company’s segments include South Africa Underground, Surface, and International. The South Africa Underground segment includes Kusasalethu, Doornkop, Phakisa, Tshepong, Masimong, Target 1, Bambanani, Joel, Unisel and Target 3. Receive News & Ratings for Harmony Gold Mining Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Harmony Gold Mining Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Roper Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Empire State Realty Trust (ESRT) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Roper Technologies (ROP) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.33 Johnson Outdoors (JOUT) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Favorable Media Coverage Unlikely to Affect Provident Financial Services (PFS) Share Price Scott Welch Sells 3,902 Shares of Five9 Inc (FIVN) Stock Five Point Holdings LLC (FPH) Insider Michael Alvarado Buys 14,000 Shares Insider Selling: Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) EVP Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Eagle Global Advisors LLC Has $886,000 Stake in Bridgepoint Education Inc (BPI) KEMET Co. (KEM) Shares Sold by Eagle Global Advisors LLC Eagle Global Advisors LLC Has $663,000 Stake in AV Homes Inc (AVHI) Eagle Global Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in SurModics, Inc. (SRDX) Resource Capital Corp. (RSO) Position Increased by Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors LP Catalyst Capital Advisors LLC Purchases New Stake in Trex Company Inc (TREX) Acxiom Co. (ACXM) Position Cut by Catalyst Capital Advisors LLC Catalyst Capital Advisors LLC Purchases New Position in Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (OLBK) Catalyst Capital Advisors LLC Takes Position in FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) $0.29 Earnings Per Share Expected for Brooks Automation, Inc (BRKS) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Morgan Stanley (MS) to Announce $0.85 EPS Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $608.13 Million Trexquant Investment LP Purchases 5,700 Shares of Lennar Co. (LEN) Roper Technologies (ROP) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.33 May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News headlines about Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) have been trending positive this week, Alpha One Sentiment reports. The research group, a division of Accern, identifies positive and negative media coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Roper Technologies earned a news impact score of 0.33 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news headlines about the industrial products company an impact score of 80 out of 100, meaning that recent media coverage is likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the immediate future. Here are some of the news headlines that may have effected AlphaOne’s rankings: Global intelligent road systems market forecast to 2022 just published (whatech.com) Roper Industries Has Returned 24.6% Since SmarTrend Recommendation (ROP) (mysmartrend.com) Research Reports Coverage on Machinery Stocks — ITT Inc., Roper Technologies, Rexnord, and Welbilt (bizjournals.com) Roper Technologies to Present at Electrical Products Group Investor Conference (finance.yahoo.com) DAT Freight Index: Truckload Volume Dips in April But Rates Higher than Expected (finance.yahoo.com) A number of research firms have commented on ROP. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Roper Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Barclays PLC raised their target price on shares of Roper Technologies from $221.00 to $237.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Royal Bank of Canada restated an “outperform” rating and set a $248.00 target price (up previously from $245.00) on shares of Roper Technologies in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Cowen and Company restated an “outperform” rating and set a $250.00 target price (up previously from $220.00) on shares of Roper Technologies in a research note on Monday, April 17th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Roper Technologies from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $219.00 target price on the stock. in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. Roper Technologies has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $226.56. Shares of Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) traded up 0.80% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $224.19. 350,052 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $22.87 billion, a P/E ratio of 34.60 and a beta of 0.87. The company’s 50-day moving average is $212.61 and its 200-day moving average is $197.06. Roper Technologies has a one year low of $159.28 and a one year high of $225.57. Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) last announced its earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The industrial products company reported $2.11 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.99 by $0.12. The business had revenue of $1.09 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.09 billion. Roper Technologies had a return on equity of 11.97% and a net margin of 17.38%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 20.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $1.81 EPS. Equities analysts expect that Roper Technologies will post $9.21 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 21st. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 7th were paid a dividend of $0.35 per share. This represents a $1.40 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.62%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, April 5th. Roper Technologies’s payout ratio is 21.77%. In other news, Director Christopher Wright sold 1,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $207.18, for a total transaction of $207,180.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 66,404 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $13,757,580.72. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Corporate insiders own 2.50% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Roper Technologies (ROP) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.33” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/roper-technologies-rop-receives-news-sentiment-score-of-0-33.html. About Roper Technologies Receive News & Ratings for Roper Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Amdocs Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amdocs Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ITT Educational Services (ESI) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.13 Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Affect J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Share Price Koppers Holdings (KOP) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.16 Amdocs Limited (DOX) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.07 Watts Water Technologies Inc (WTS) Position Maintained by State of Wisconsin Investment Board State of Wisconsin Investment Board Maintains Position in Mueller Water Products, Inc. (MWA) State of Wisconsin Investment Board Increases Stake in Atmos Energy Co. (ATO) PC Tel Inc (PCTI) CEO David A. Neumann Purchases 3,000 Shares Mackinac Financial Co. (MFNC) Director Dennis Bittner Sells 1,000 Shares Zacks: Merus NV (MRUS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” from Analysts AXT Inc (AXTI) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for LTC Properties (LTC) CIBC World Markets Inc. Decreases Position in Ebix Inc (EBIX) State of Tennessee Treasury Department Has $5,315,000 Position in Orbital ATK Inc (OA) State of Tennessee Treasury Department Has $5.177 Million Stake in Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) State of Tennessee Treasury Department Has $5.293 Million Position in DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Shares Bought by CIBC World Markets Inc. CarMax, Inc (KMX) Stake Boosted by CIBC World Markets Inc. WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Position Cut by State of Tennessee Treasury Department eGain Corp (EGAN) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Amdocs Limited (DOX) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.07 May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News headlines about Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) have trended somewhat positive recently, AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis reports. The research firm, a unit of Accern, identifies negative and positive media coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Amdocs Limited earned a media sentiment score of 0.07 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned news coverage about the technology company an impact score of 90 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is very likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the next several days. These are some of the news articles that may have impacted AlphaOne’s scoring: Amdocs Limited (DOX) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest (americanbankingnews.com) Amdocs Limited (DOX) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research (americanbankingnews.com) Amdocs Limited’s (DOX) Buy Rating Reiterated at Citigroup Inc (americanbankingnews.com) Amdocs Limited (DOX) Earns “Neutral” Rating from Robert W. Baird (americanbankingnews.com) Amdocs steady growth continues (globes.co.il) DOX has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Amdocs Limited from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $71.00 target price for the company in a research report on Friday. Robert W. Baird boosted their target price on shares of Amdocs Limited from $62.00 to $66.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, May 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $68.00 target price on shares of Amdocs Limited in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $70.00 price objective (up previously from $65.00) on shares of Amdocs Limited in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. Amdocs Limited has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $66.00. Shares of Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) traded down 0.43% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $63.20. 655,005 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $9.27 billion, a PE ratio of 23.34 and a beta of 0.64. Amdocs Limited has a one year low of $54.12 and a one year high of $64.32. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $61.51 and its 200-day moving average is $60.04. Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The technology company reported $0.88 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.87 by $0.01. Amdocs Limited had a return on equity of 14.57% and a net margin of 10.83%. The company had revenue of $966 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $960.58 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.92 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts anticipate that Amdocs Limited will post $3.77 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Amdocs Limited (DOX) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.07” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/amdocs-limited-dox-earns-daily-coverage-optimism-score-of-0-07.html. About Amdocs Limited Amdocs Limited is a provider of software and services for communications, entertainment and media industry service providers. The Company develops, implements and manages software and services associated with business support systems (BSS), operational support systems (OSS) and network operations to enable service providers to introduce new products and services, process orders, monetize data, support new business models and enhance their understanding of their customers. Receive News & Ratings for Amdocs Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amdocs Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Breaking Business News Small Business HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 WannaCry Eurovision 2017 Religion UL Video Home»Business JOHN WHELAN: Ireland sets out its stall to tap financial jobs from Brexit Wednesday, May 17, 2017 As a ‘no deal’ looms ever larger in Theresa May’s autocratic utterances, many EU administrations are making pre-emptive moves ahead of the official Brexit negotiations. IDA chief Martin Shanahan is obviously convinced of this strategy. Not wishing to lose key ground to competitor countries, he participated in a series of events in London to promote Ireland’s attractiveness as a venue for any UK-based institutions of a mind to jump ship in the event of a ‘no deal’. After weeks of speculation, Wall Street giant JPMorgan this week confirmed it was basing some of its London posts in Ireland, with plans to expand the workforce in the Dublin docklands by about 500 people after Brexit. And this paper reported that, in the coming weeks, Ireland hopes two more investment banks — Morgan Stanley and Bank of America Merrill Lynch — will commit to basing jobs here. The Irish campaign is also likely to be a response to the European Commission’s plans to present legislative proposals, in June, affecting London’s future as a major financial centre. France and Germany have previously suggested Brexit will curb London’s dominance in euro-clearing; it handles three-quarters of all euro currency exchanges and euro derivatives trading. 8,000 jobs may migrate from the City of London, if it were to lose its clearing functions. The EU draft policy document proposes “more centralisation of supervision” of clearing businesses in the EU, if they provide “critical capital market functions”, which London obviously does. The problem for Ms May, and the British government, is that they want to get outside the EU’s regulatory reach, but retain the UK’s strong position in EU financial markets, the second-largest in the world. The EU plans further legislative proposals to ensure the financial stability of central counter-parties, also known as clearing houses, which manage risk, collect collateral, and guarantee trades in the event that one side defaults. That’s all very reasonable to those within the EU, but presents difficulties for Ms May, who wishes to reject freedom of movement in the bloc and all its institutions. This includes the European Court of Justice, which is one of her redline Brexit pledges. Financial institutions are opting for an alternative, which is to move their European headquarters from the UK to another jurisdiction inside the EU, from which to passport their financial services. Ireland will hope to lure more US financial institutions to Ireland, which is the only remaining English-speaking member state in the EU. Last month, Taoiseach Enda Kenny and the leaders of the Netherlands and Denmark called a mini Brexit summit, at which they urged EU states not to do anything that risks an agreement with Britain. But the latest tweaking of the Brexit guidelines indicates that other EU members have also moved the goalposts on free movement and will now insist that any EU citizen who has been living in the UK for five years must be granted permanent residency. This marks a significant shift from the original guidelines, which only stated that any future trade agreement should “not endanger financial stability in the union and encompass safeguards against unfair competitive advantages”. We can only hope that cooler heads will prevail, after the UK general election, when the actual Brexit negotiations start. John Whelan is a leading consultant on Brexit and Irish trade READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS brexit © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Comment on this story here Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox Related Articles Border checks to rise tenfold after Brexit Questions are being asked about a €500k donation to the DUP for pro-Brexit advertising New service to advise companies on dealing with Brexit LATEST: Parts of the Good Friday Agreement may have to be rewritten, warns Blair   Join the conversation - comment hereHouse rules for comments - FAQ   Breaking Stories Growth of exports to the UK slump to 2% FTSE 100 hits record close again LATEST: HSE rebooting 1,200 servers after global cyber attack Lifestyle Looking into your eyes for a view of your health Why a granny might be the perfect au pair Palestinian writer Raja Shehadeh is reading between the lines Darina Allen: Busy days at Ballymaloe as Litfest gets underway More From The Irish Examiner Check out this giant squid caught off the Kerry coast Video of toddler waiting for the beat to drop goes viral We now know why narwhals have tusks Don’t WannaCry? Here’s NUI Galway’s four step guide to beating ransomware Scientists identify 50-foot creature that washed up on Indonesian beach The cyber attack hero just got offered free pizza for an entire year Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Injustice 2 launches launch trailer ZeniMax files second VR lawsuit Lotto Results Saturday, May 13, 2017 4 16 33 39 43 47 19 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Vulnerable woman taken from traveller camp in drugged state Cork public asked to report sightings of rat-like coypu Gardaí seek help tracing missing Cork woman Cyclist killed in Cork collision named Ireland’s next property crash will happen in seven years Paris Jackson defends decision to pose topless as 'beautiful thing' State spends €11m caring for just 11 children People are seriously done with Fair City’s Katy storyline Pádraic Maher: Cork are a bit like us in 2009 Here’s what people have been saying about Redwater, the Irish Eastenders spin-off NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month SPORT Why two referees — at least — is better than one for GAA Michael Ryan: Were we championship ready? No, we weren’t LIFESTYLE Palestinian writer Raja Shehadeh is reading between the lines Why a granny might be the perfect au pair     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Seven banks focus of Mexico bond collusion probe: report Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Tue May 16, 2017 | 7:55pm EDT Seven banks focus of Mexico bond collusion probe: report MEXICO CITY Seven banks are at the center of a probe by Mexico's antitrust regulator COFECE looking into possible collusion to manipulate bond prices, U.S. news agency Bloomberg reported on Tuesday, citing a person with knowledge of the matter. The investigation is examining whether market makers that buy notes from the government and state-owned companies in primary auctions colluded to suppress prices, the report said. Under scrutiny are local units of Banco Santander SA (SAN.MC), Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA (BBVA) (BBVA.MC), JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), HSBC Holdings Plc (HSBA.L), Barclays Plc (BARC.L), Citigroup Inc (C.N) and Bank of America Corp (BAC.N), according to the person, Bloomberg said, noting that none of the banks have been accused of wrongdoing. COFECE, which announced the probe in April, declined to comment. HSBC, Santander, BBVA and Bank of America declined to comment. The remaining banks did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Some of the banks have already received requests for information related to the investigation, which could also extend to other participants in both the primary and secondary bond markets, according to the report. (Reporting by Mexico City Newsroom; Editing by Richard Chang) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News Puerto Rico, creditors face off for first time in bankruptcy court Puerto Rico on Wednesday will face investors for the first time in a bankruptcy court, as it kicks off the biggest and most divisive debt restructuring in U.S. public finance history.    Trump trade officials prefer tri-lateral NAFTA deal: U.S. senators WASHINGTON The Trump administration's top trade officials hope to keep the North American Free Trade Agreement as a trilateral deal in negotiations with Canada and Mexico to revamp the 23-year-old pact, senators said on Tuesday. Trump to reassure Saudi allies, promote business, talk tough on radicalism WASHINGTON/RIYADH When U.S. President Donald Trump meets Saudi princes in Riyadh on Saturday, he can expect a warmer welcome than the one given a year ago to his predecessor Barack Obama, who Riyadh considered soft on arch foe Iran and cool toward a bilateral relationship that is a mainstay of the Middle East's security balance. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - May 17 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Tue May 16, 2017 | 7:10pm EDT PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - May 17 May 17 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. Headlines 'Patriot' Dimon dodges calls to disavow Trump policies on.ft.com/2pTxl0o Symphony's valuation tops $1bn with new fundraising on.ft.com/2pTQTSg EasyJet's losses widen on sterling weakness on.ft.com/2pTTBaC Banco Popular attracts merger interest from rivals on.ft.com/2pU2Rvq Overview JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Jamie Dimon responded to criticism from angry shareholders over his role advising President Donald Trump on economic matters, saying he would help "any president" in office. Symphony Communication Services LLC, the maker of a Wall Street online chat service, said it has raised $63 million in new funding led by French bank BNP Paribas SA. British budget airline easyJet Plc said it was looking to bigger planes to help keep a lid on costs after it reported a larger than expected first-half loss. Several Spanish banks have shown interest in a potential merger with Banco Popular, as its new management considers options for how to cope with billions of euros in toxic assets. (Compiled by Bengaluru newsroom; Editing by Sandra Maler) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News UPDATE 1-Lloyds new era begins as government sells off final shares LONDON, May 17 Britain has sold its last remaining stake in Lloyds Banking Group, making the lender the first to re-emerge from British state ownership in a symbolic step for the country's recovering banking sector. UPDATE 1-UK Stocks-Factors to watch on May 17 May 17 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 24 points lower on Wednesday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures down 0.25 percent ahead of the cash market open. BRIEF-FDA grants Bayer priority review for investigational compound Copanlisib * FDA grants Bayer priority review for investigational compound Copanlisib in Follicular Lymphoma MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hilton Grand Vacations Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hilton Grand Vacations Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Global Payments Inc (GPN) Given New $93.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets Terex Co. (TEX) Position Boosted by Neuburgh Advisers LLC Old Republic International Co. (ORI) Position Decreased by Neuburgh Advisers LLC Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Shares Sold by Neuburgh Advisers LLC Gain Capital Holdings Inc (GCAP) Receives Hold Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Warrior Met Coal LLC (HCC) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Warrior Met Coal LLC (HCC) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Global Payments’ (GPN) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Hilton Grand Vacations’ (HGV) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Nomura First Commonwealth Financial (FCF) Given New C$4.25 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity News Corp (NWSA) Receiving Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Cemex SAB de CV (CX) Earning Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Study Finds Eastgroup Properties (EGP) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of -0.02 Reed's (REED) Given Media Impact Rating of -0.07 Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact Lipocine (LPCN) Share Price Caesarstone (CSTE) Earning Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Report Shows Level 3 Communications (LVLT) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of -0.02 McKesson (MCK) Receives Media Sentiment Score of -0.03 George Culmer Acquires 180 Shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Stock Century Communities, Inc (CCS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Hilton Grand Vacations’ (HGV) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Nomura May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Nomura reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (NYSE:HGV) in a research report sent to investors on Monday morning, StockTargetPrices.com reports. They currently have a $43.00 target price on the stock. Other research analysts have also issued research reports about the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Hilton Grand Vacations from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $40.00 price target on the stock in a report on Tuesday, May 9th. Instinet lifted their price target on Hilton Grand Vacations from $32.00 to $36.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Janney Montgomery Scott reiterated a buy rating and set a $38.00 price target on shares of Hilton Grand Vacations in a report on Thursday, April 20th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded Hilton Grand Vacations from a neutral rating to a buy rating and set a $35.00 price target on the stock in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Hilton Grand Vacations in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. They set an overweight rating and a $37.00 price target on the stock. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, The stock currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $36.63. Hilton Grand Vacations (NYSE:HGV) traded down 0.25% during trading on Monday, hitting $36.05. 613,141 shares of the stock traded hands. Hilton Grand Vacations has a 52-week low of $24.60 and a 52-week high of $37.21. The stock has a market cap of $3.57 billion and a P/E ratio of 21.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $32.33 and a 200-day moving average price of $29.98. Hilton Grand Vacations (NYSE:HGV) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported $0.38 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.40 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $415 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $397.58 million. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.9% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that Hilton Grand Vacations will post $1.92 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Hilton Grand Vacations’ (HGV) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Nomura” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/hilton-grand-vacations-hgv-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-nomura.html. About Hilton Grand Vacations Hilton Grand Vacations Inc is a timeshare company that markets and sells vacation ownership intervals (VOIs), manages resorts in leisure and urban destinations, and operates a points-based vacation club. The Company operates its business across two segments: Real Estate Sales and Financing, and Resort Operations and Club Management. Receive News & Ratings for Hilton Grand Vacations Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hilton Grand Vacations Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Contact the Advocate Subscribe Careers with Us Newsletters Advertise with Us Terms of Use Archives Digital edition FAQ Submissions Westhill softball defeats New Canaan Stamford business owner follows bird call Veterans build fitness and friendships in new Stamford boxing Stamford startup hub leaves city News Local Police Reports Regional National World Politics Opinion Science and Technology Election Trucks and ponies at Stamford Family Day Spring brings flowers, and developers, out in Stamford Fight resumes to save historic Stamford buildings Mark Drought: Fact vs. conspiracy: Columbus got it wrong Sports High Schools HS Football Pro Baseball Pro Football Pro Basketball Pro Hockey Other Sports Westhill softball defeats New Canaan Coaching changes coming to Trinity Catholic Westhill softball tops Stamford in 8 innings, 1-0 Ridgefield softball earns crucial win over New Canaan UConn Nation Business Press releases Markets Real Estate Top Workplaces Veterans build fitness and friendships in new Stamford boxing Two Boots pizzeria closes in Stamford Waypoint Residential launches student-housing group N.Y. woman gets 2 years for bank embezzlement in Stamford Entertainment Movies Music Arts Television Comics Horoscope Games Lottery Events 100 years of King Features Syndicate Flogging Molly plays College Street Music Hall Jason Aldean plays Mohegan Sun Arena ‘Spring on the Farm Festival Weekend’ returns to Stamford Living Health Home and Garden Family Religion Travel Food Celebrate Summer Westhill grad proposes to girlfriend at Stamford Nature Center Stamford couple celebrates 50th anniversary Centofanti-Whittington wedding Deluca-Podskoch wedding Obituaries Blogs Classifieds Jobs Homes Rentals Cars MenuSections http://www.stamfordadvocate.com/policereports/article/Brother-avoids-jail-in-Stamford-after-paying-11150765.php Brother avoids jail in Stamford after paying restitution to brothers By John Nickerson Published 5:27 pm, Tuesday, May 16, 2017 STAMFORD-A Bronxville, New York, man avoided jail Tuesday when he was accepted into a court diversionary program after paying back $530,00 that he took from his father’s estate and cheated two brothers. The case demonstrates a growing criminal problem in Southwest Connecticut as heir’s grapple with how to equitably distribute the proceeds of their parents and grandparents’ estates. Richard Everett, 61, was arrested by Stamford police in Feb. 2016 and charged with first-degree larceny for taking over a half-million dollars out of the estate of his father T.E. Montague Everett, which he was to split between he and his two brothers. In a disturbing turn, the settlement reached in the case Tuesday is the second for the estate that was worth about $1.5 million when Everett died in 2008. The youngest son, Montague, was the first to be put in charge of overseeing the estate. But in 2009 his three brothers Richard, Robert and Mark sued him, accusing him of unjustly enriching himself, court records show. The three ended up settling with Montague in 2014 for about $600,000. In November 2016, Westport attorney Thomas Brennan filed an embezzlement complaint with Stamford police on behalf of Robert and Mark, after the new executor of the estate, Richard Everett, refused to say where the money in the estate had gone. Brennan tracked down a JP Morgan Chase Bank account that once held the estate, but by the time he got to the account it had only 12 cents, Everett’s arrest affidavit says. In court on Tuesday, Judge Gary White granted Richard Everett’s participation in the court program for first-time offenders, called Accelerated Rehabilitation. Prosecutor Joseph Valdes and attorney Thomas Brennan, who was representing the two brothers made no objection. Everett’s attorney Steven Smart asked White to allow his client into the program, that will wipe away the larceny charge if he completes the program successfully by staying out of trouble with the law. After first making sure Everett already put the $530,000 into an account for his brothers, White ruled he would remain in the probationary program for 18 months. Senior Assistant State’s Attorney Joseph Valdes, who prosecutes similar cases at the Stamford courthouse said situations like the one involving the Everett clan were becoming more commonplace. “I’m basing this opinion on conversations I have had with other prosecutors, who are saying the same thing. We haven’t seen cases like this before where heirs are basically embezzling from estates and helping themselves ahead of their siblings,” Valdes said. About the first case he could remember involved Stamford chiropractor and fitness club owner Heather Gansel, who was arrested in 2012 for emptying $440,000 from her grandmother’s accounts. After taking the case to trial, Gansel, 39, is currently serving a three-year jail sentence for the larceny. Part of the problem comes down to how the elderly have saved throughout their lives and the fact that whenever real estate is involved, there is always a bundle of money on the line. Valdes said it used to be that retirees living on their pensions died poor. But about 20 or so years ago, 401(k) and other retirement accounts gained traction. “This generation now passing away down here seems to have a lot more liquid assets. This is the other side of mass affluence and you are seeing it because a lot of people are getting elderly with massive assets,” Valdes said. The case reminds him of the Greenwich case of a man who had millions and asked a friend to manage his wealth. But the friend ended up helping himself to the man’s money, Valdes said. “Our grandparents didn’t have nest eggs of this size, versus the current generation who have 401(k)s and IRAS,” Valdes said. jnickerson@stamfordadvocate.com; Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email newsletters    Breaking News    Daily Newsletter EMAIL: Most Popular 1 Stamford man choked, robbed after leaving downtown bar 2 Stamford man charged in bar fight 3 Point of Interest: New restaurant coming to Harbor Point 4 N.Y. woman gets 2 years for bank embezzlement in Stamford 5 Darien parents charged in underage drinking party 6 Two Boots pizzeria closes in Stamford 7 Driver charged with assault and drunk driving in Stamford View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Careers Advertising Terms & Conditions Ad Choices About Our Ads Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Contact Us FAQ Today's eEdition Feedback Submissions Connect Newsletter Sign-Up Facebook Twitter Google+ Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Media Services Connecticut, LLC
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Blackrock Capital Investment Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Blackrock Capital Investment Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blue Buffalo Pet Products (BUFF) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Bank Mutual (BKMU) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.03 BioScrip (BIOS) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Blackrock Capital Investment Corp (BKCC) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.02 Karp Capital Management Corp Buys Shares of 25,563 Equinix, Inc. (EQIX) Karp Capital Management Corp Invests $9.145 Million in Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) Smith Salley & Associates Has $403,000 Stake in Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Waters Co. (WAT) Shares Sold by Parthenon LLC Qorvo Inc (QRVO) Given “Hold” Rating at Barclays PLC Stericycle Inc (SRCL) Downgraded by Robert W. Baird to Underperform $6.81 Million in Sales Expected for Horizon Technology Finance Corp (HRZN) This Quarter Cumberland Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (CPIX) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Universal Electronics Inc (UEIC) Receives Buy Rating from Piper Jaffray Companies Carrie Morris Acquires 3,350 Shares of Timbercreek Financial Corp (TF) Stock Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Director Buys $30,630.00 in Stock Willdan Group, Inc. (WLDN) Director Buys $31,700.00 in Stock Forterra Inc (FRTA) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.24 EPS CTI Industries Corp. (CTIB) Releases Earnings Results Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Blucora (BCOR) Stock Price Amaya (AYA) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Blackrock Capital Investment Corp (BKCC) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.02 May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Press coverage about Blackrock Capital Investment Corp (NASDAQ:BKCC) has been trending somewhat negative on Tuesday, according to Alpha One Sentiment. The research group, a subsidiary of Accern, identifies positive and negative news coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Blackrock Capital Investment Corp earned a media sentiment score of -0.02 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave headlines about the asset manager an impact score of 92 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is extremely likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. Here are some of the headlines that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment’s rankings: Blackrock Capital Investment Corp (BKCC) Short Interest Down 6.1% in April (americanbankingnews.com) Investor Update: Company Share Focus for BlackRock Capital Investment Corporation (NASDAQ:BKCC) – Jonesboro Recorder (jonesbororecorder.com) HFZ Capital Closes Construction Financing for The Eleventh (bizjournals.com) Camellia Plc (CAM) Given New £125 Price Target at Panmure Gordon (gonefishingfish.com) Former CEOs of Cushman & Wakefield and JPMorgan’s Global Real Assets Group Join RealtyShares Board of Directors (tmcnet.com) Blackrock Capital Investment Corp (NASDAQ:BKCC) traded down 0.27% on Tuesday, hitting $7.51. The stock had a trading volume of 164,595 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $7.38 and its 200-day moving average price is $7.41. The company’s market cap is $546.78 million. Blackrock Capital Investment Corp has a 12-month low of $6.75 and a 12-month high of $8.87. Blackrock Capital Investment Corp (NASDAQ:BKCC) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The asset manager reported $0.20 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.19 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $24.93 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24.41 million. Blackrock Capital Investment Corp had a positive return on equity of 8.18% and a negative net margin of 88.53%. Equities research analysts anticipate that Blackrock Capital Investment Corp will post $0.81 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Investors of record on Monday, June 19th will be issued a $0.18 dividend. This represents a $0.72 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 9.59%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 15th. Blackrock Capital Investment Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is -59.57%. A number of brokerages have weighed in on BKCC. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods set a $8.00 price objective on Blackrock Capital Investment Corp and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Blackrock Capital Investment Corp from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Blackrock Capital Investment Corp (BKCC) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.02” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/blackrock-capital-investment-corp-bkcc-earns-daily-coverage-optimism-rating-of-0-02.html. In related news, Chairman James Keenan purchased 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $7.37 per share, with a total value of $73,700.00. Following the acquisition, the chairman now owns 1,600 shares in the company, valued at approximately $11,792. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director John R. Baron bought 7,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 22nd. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $7.32 per share, for a total transaction of $51,240.00. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 17,000 shares in the company, valued at $124,440. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. In the last three months, insiders purchased 59,500 shares of company stock worth $437,590. Company insiders own 1.62% of the company’s stock. About Blackrock Capital Investment Corp BlackRock Capital Investment Corporation is an externally-managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company. The Company’s investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through its debt and equity investments. The Company provides middle-market companies with a range of financing solutions, including senior and junior secured, unsecured and subordinated debt securities and loans, and equity securities. Receive News & Ratings for Blackrock Capital Investment Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Blackrock Capital Investment Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ascendis Pharma A/S - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ascendis Pharma A/S with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tailored Brands Inc (TLRD) Price Target Increased to $21.00 by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG Viacom, Inc. (VIAB) Price Target Lowered to $30.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Trustmark Corp (TRMK) Receives Hold Rating from Jefferies Group LLC VWR Corp (VWR) Downgraded by William Blair to Market Perform Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Broadwind Energy Inc. (BWEN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Morris Capital Advisors LLC Has $492,000 Stake in Amphenol Co. (APH) Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Shares Sold by Autus Asset Management LLC Alethea Capital Management LLC Buys Shares of 24,416 Hasbro, Inc. (HAS) Hormel Foods Corp (HRL) Shares Bought by Autus Asset Management LLC HGK Asset Management Inc. Has $477,000 Position in CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (CNP) HGK Asset Management Inc. Sells 92 Shares of Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Alethea Capital Management LLC Invests $2.56 Million in Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Alethea Capital Management LLC Purchases New Position in Blackstone Group LP (BX) LLBH Private Wealth Management LLC Has $473,000 Stake in Hasbro, Inc. (HAS) Camarda Financial Advisors LLC Has $1.607 Million Stake in Interpublic Group of Companies Inc (IPG) Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC Acquires New Position in TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) Destination Wealth Management Has $448,000 Position in Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Destination Wealth Management Invests $211,000 in Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Allegis Investment Advisors LLC Buys New Stake in Dollar General Corp. (DG) Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Ascendis Pharma A/S (NASDAQ:ASND) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “Ascendis Pharma A/S is a biopharmaceutical company. The company’s product pipeline consist of TransCon Human Growth Hormone, TransCon Treprostinil, TransCon Insulin, TransCon Peptide and TransCon Ranibizumab, which are in different clinical stage, for the treatments of hormone deficiency, endocrinology, central nervous system disorders, infectious diseases and diabetes. Its technology includes TransCon which develop prodrug therapies. Ascendis Pharma A/S is based in Denmark. “ A number of other equities analysts have also commented on ASND. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S in a report on Thursday, May 11th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $36.00 price objective on the stock. Wedbush reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $31.00 price objective on shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Credit Suisse Group AG began coverage on shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S in a report on Thursday, February 9th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $28.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Leerink Swann lowered shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and boosted their price objective for the stock from $24.00 to $30.00 in a report on Thursday, March 9th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. Ascendis Pharma A/S presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $30.40. Shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S (NASDAQ:ASND) traded up 1.94% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $28.33. The stock had a trading volume of 46,146 shares. Ascendis Pharma A/S has a 12-month low of $11.92 and a 12-month high of $31.86. The stock’s market cap is $918.49 million. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $27.96 and its 200 day moving average price is $24.20. Ascendis Pharma A/S (NASDAQ:ASND) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, March 22nd. The biotechnology company reported ($0.55) EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.61) by $0.06. Ascendis Pharma A/S had a negative net margin of 1,158.57% and a negative return on equity of 65.92%. The firm had revenue of $1.13 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.22 million. Equities research analysts predict that Ascendis Pharma A/S will post ($3.06) EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/ascendis-pharma-as-asnd-cut-to-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Several large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Eventide Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S by 7.5% in the first quarter. Eventide Asset Management LLC now owns 246,100 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $6,891,000 after buying an additional 17,100 shares during the period. EcoR1 Capital LLC raised its stake in shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S by 5.1% in the first quarter. EcoR1 Capital LLC now owns 1,025,700 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $28,720,000 after buying an additional 50,000 shares during the period. Bank of America Corp DE raised its stake in shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S by 23.6% in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 5,345 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $150,000 after buying an additional 1,020 shares during the period. VHCP Management II LLC raised its stake in shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S by 12.5% in the first quarter. VHCP Management II LLC now owns 811,492 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $22,722,000 after buying an additional 90,340 shares during the period. Finally, Morgan Stanley raised its stake in shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S by 1,446.2% in the first quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 10,236 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $287,000 after buying an additional 9,574 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 44.51% of the company’s stock. Ascendis Pharma A/S Company Profile Ascendis Pharma A/S is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in applying its TransCon technology to develop sustained release prodrug therapies with several product candidates in clinical and preclinical development. The Company is developing its product candidate, TransCon human growth hormone (TransCon hGH) for once-weekly administration to treat growth hormone deficiency (GHD) and other indications. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Ascendis Pharma A/S Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ascendis Pharma A/S and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Liberty Media Corporation (FWONB: OTCQB) | Liberty Media Corporation Launches Primary Offering and Secondary Offering on Behalf of Selling Stockholders of Series C Liberty Formula One Group Common Stock May 16, 2017 OTC Disclosure & News Service – Liberty Media Corporation (“Liberty”) (Nasdaq: LSXMA, LSXMB, LSXMK, BATRA, BATRK, FWONA, FWONK) announced today the launch of an underwritten public offering of up to a maximum aggregate amount of $1,175,000,000 of shares of Liberty’s Series C Liberty Formula One Group common stock, par value $0.01 per share (“FWONK”), consisting of up to a maximum aggregate amount of $400,000,000 of shares of FWONK offered by Liberty and up to a maximum aggregate amount of $775,000,000 of shares of FWONK offered on behalf of certain selling stockholders (the “Selling Stockholders”). The Selling Stockholders acquired the shares of FWONK offered in this offering in January 2017 in connection with the consummation of Liberty’s acquisition of Delta Topco Limited, the parent company of Formula 1. Liberty and the Selling Stockholders have granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase an aggregate of up to an additional maximum aggregate amount of $176,250,000 of shares of FWONK, consisting of an additional maximum aggregate amount of $60,000,000 of shares of FWONK to be offered by Liberty and an additional maximum aggregate amount of $116,250,000 of shares of FWONK to be offered by the Selling Stockholders (however, if the option is not fully exercised, the Selling Stockholders’ shares will have priority). The net proceeds of Liberty’s primary offering will be attributed to the Formula One Group. Liberty expects to use the net proceeds of its offering of shares of FWONK to repay existing indebtedness of a wholly owned subsidiary of Delta Topco and pay expenses related to the offering. The Selling Stockholders will receive all of the net proceeds from the sale of their shares of FWONK. Liberty will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of FWONK on behalf of the Selling Stockholders in this offering. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley are acting as book-running managers and representatives of the underwriters for the offering, together with BofA Merrill Lynch, Barclays and Credit Suisse as additional book-running managers. When available, copies of the prospectus supplement for the offering may be obtained on the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), www.sec.gov, or by contacting Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attn: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, Telephone: 1-866-471-2526, Email: prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attn: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, Telephone: 1-866-803-9204, Email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; or Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attn: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014. The shares of FWONK will be issued and sold pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 previously filed with the SEC. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy shares of FWONK or any other securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state. The offering of these securities may be made only by means of a prospectus and related prospectus supplement meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements relating to the launch of a public offering of shares of FWONK and the use of proceeds therefrom. These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, including, without limitation, general market conditions. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release, and Liberty expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in Liberty’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. Please refer to the publicly filed documents of Liberty, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for risks and uncertainties related to Liberty’s business which may affect the statements made in this press release. About Liberty Media Corporation Liberty Media Corporation operates and owns interests in a broad range of media, communications and entertainment businesses. Those businesses are attributed to three tracking stock groups: the Liberty SiriusXM Group, the Braves Group and the Formula One Group. The businesses and assets attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group (Nasdaq: LSXMA, LSXMB, LSXMK) include Liberty’s interest in SiriusXM. The businesses and assets attributed to the Braves Group (Nasdaq: BATRA, BATRK) include Liberty’s subsidiary Braves Holdings, LLC. The businesses and assets attributed to the Formula One Group (Nasdaq: FWONA, FWONK) consist of all of Liberty’s businesses and assets other than those attributed to the Liberty SiriusXM Group and the Braves Group, including its subsidiary Formula 1, its interest in Live Nation Entertainment and minority equity investments in Time Warner Inc. and Viacom. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170516006689/en/ Copyright © 2017 Businesswire. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsLiberty Media Corporation Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Commport Communications International, inc. Supports Expert Panel Recommendations for Ontario’s Healthcare Sector Supply Chain Next PostNext SkyPeople Fruit Juice Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Search Recent Posts Intravenous Parenteral Nutrition Market: Evolving Technology, Trends and Industry Analysis 2022 Anaemic economic growth in some regions hampers progress on Global Goals, UN report finds NOWDiagnostics CEO Kevin Clark to Address Technology Conference Illinois.com Domain Name Up for Sale Introducing The Eight Companies Selected For The R/GA Marketing Tech Venture Studio With IPG And Snap Inc. RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ascendis Pharma A/S - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ascendis Pharma A/S with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Premier Oil PLC (PMOIY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Inotek Pharmaceuticals Corp (ITEK) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.36 Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Hemispherx BioPharma (HEB) Share Price Atlanticus Holdings Corp (ATLC) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Nike Inc (NKE) Receives Buy Rating from Nomura Target Co. (TGT) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Cellular Biomedicine Group Inc (CBMG) Given a $18.00 Price Target at Maxim Group Timmins Gold Corp. (TMM) Given New C$0.80 Price Target at Scotiabank Galmed Pharmaceuticals Ltd (GLMD) Given a $9.00 Price Target at Maxim Group Buffalo Wild Wings’ (BWLD) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) EVP Sells $338,370.48 in Stock HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) Position Cut by GABELLI & Co INVESTMENT ADVISERS INC. Gabelli Funds LLC Purchases New Position in Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Teton Advisors Inc. Invests $638,000 in Zagg Inc (ZAGG) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Decreases Position in Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA) Hudson Technologies, Inc. (HDSN) Position Held by Teton Advisors Inc. Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Raises Position in Badger Meter, Inc. (BMI) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Sells 4,590 Shares of Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Lowers Position in Integer Holdings Co. (ITGR) Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S (NASDAQ:ASND) have earned an average rating of “Buy” from the six analysts that are presently covering the company. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and three have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1 year price target among analysts that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $32.00. Several analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S in a research note on Thursday, May 11th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $36.00 price target for the company. Wedbush restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $34.00 price objective on shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Credit Suisse Group AG began coverage on shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S in a report on Thursday, February 9th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $28.00 price objective on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, Leerink Swann lowered shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $24.00 to $30.00 in a report on Thursday, March 9th. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of ASND. Victory Capital Management Inc. bought a new position in shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S during the first quarter valued at approximately $144,000. Bank of America Corp DE raised its position in shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S by 23.6% in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 5,345 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $150,000 after buying an additional 1,020 shares in the last quarter. Karp Capital Management Corp bought a new position in shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S during the first quarter valued at approximately $203,000. Morgan Stanley raised its position in shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S by 1,446.2% in the first quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 10,236 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $287,000 after buying an additional 9,574 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Geode Capital Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S during the first quarter valued at approximately $414,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 44.51% of the company’s stock. Shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S (NASDAQ:ASND) traded up 1.94% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $28.33. 46,146 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Ascendis Pharma A/S has a 12-month low of $11.92 and a 12-month high of $31.86. The stock’s market capitalization is $918.49 million. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $27.98 and its 200-day moving average price is $24.07. Ascendis Pharma A/S (NASDAQ:ASND) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, March 22nd. The biotechnology company reported ($0.55) earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.61) by $0.06. Ascendis Pharma A/S had a negative net margin of 1,158.57% and a negative return on equity of 65.92%. The business had revenue of $1.13 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.22 million. Analysts anticipate that Ascendis Pharma A/S will post ($3.06) earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/ascendis-pharma-as-asnd-receives-average-rating-of-buy-from-brokerages.html. Ascendis Pharma A/S Company Profile Ascendis Pharma A/S is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in applying its TransCon technology to develop sustained release prodrug therapies with several product candidates in clinical and preclinical development. The Company is developing its product candidate, TransCon human growth hormone (TransCon hGH) for once-weekly administration to treat growth hormone deficiency (GHD) and other indications. Receive News & Ratings for Ascendis Pharma A/S Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ascendis Pharma A/S and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Arconic Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arconic Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Anticipate Extraction Oil & Gas Inc (XOG) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.08 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Arconic Inc (ARNC) Will Announce Earnings of $0.27 Per Share Morneau Shepell Inc (MSI) Price Target Raised to C$24.00 at TD Securities Canyon Services Group Inc (FRC) Given New C$6.80 Price Target at CIBC ONEX Co. (ONEX) Price Target Increased to C$107.00 by Analysts at Scotiabank Gdi Integrated Facility Services’ (GDI) Sector Perform Rating Reaffirmed at Scotiabank Tabula Rasa HealthCare Inc (TRHC) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.05 Per Share -$2.40 Earnings Per Share Expected for Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. (OREX) This Quarter ARC Group WorldWide Inc (ARCW) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.10 EPS Capstone Companies Inc (CAPC) Releases Earnings Results AM Castle & Co (CASL) Issues Earnings Results CASI Pharmaceuticals Inc (CASI) Announces Earnings Results Arca Biopharma Inc (ABIO) Issues Earnings Results Aradigm Co. (ARDM) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Stake Boosted by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Dime Community Bancshares, Inc. (DCOM) Stake Held by Teton Advisors Inc. Teton Advisors Inc. Acquires 7,923 Shares of Diebold Nixdorf Inc (DBD) Colony NorthStar’s (CLNS) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at FBR & Co Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $2.799 Million Position in Expedia Inc (EXPE) Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Arconic Inc (ARNC) Will Announce Earnings of $0.27 Per Share May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street brokerages expect Arconic Inc (NASDAQ:ARNC) to post earnings per share of $0.27 for the current quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Three analysts have made estimates for Arconic’s earnings, with the lowest EPS estimate coming in at $0.22 and the highest estimate coming in at $0.34. Arconic posted earnings per share of $0.45 in the same quarter last year, which would suggest a negative year over year growth rate of 40%. The company is scheduled to report its next quarterly earnings report after the market closes on Tuesday, July 25th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Arconic will report full year earnings of $1.18 per share for the current financial year, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.07 to $1.30. For the next year, analysts anticipate that the firm will report earnings of $1.55 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.42 to $1.80. Zacks’ EPS calculations are an average based on a survey of research firms that that provide coverage for Arconic. Arconic (NASDAQ:ARNC) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The basic materials company reported $0.33 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.25 by $0.08. The firm had revenue of $3.06 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3 billion. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 4.3% on a year-over-year basis. A number of research firms recently weighed in on ARNC. Vetr lowered shares of Arconic from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $27.00 target price on the stock. in a report on Monday. Deutsche Bank AG increased their price target on shares of Arconic from $28.00 to $32.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Arconic from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, May 8th. Cowen and Company reissued a “market perform” rating and issued a $25.00 price target on shares of Arconic in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Arconic to a “neutral” rating and set a $30.00 price target on the stock. in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $25.11. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/zacks-analysts-anticipate-arconic-inc-arnc-will-announce-earnings-of-0-27-per-share.html. Arconic (NASDAQ:ARNC) traded down 2.46% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $27.41. 1,976,011 shares of the company traded hands. The firm’s market capitalization is $12.08 billion. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $26.65 and a 200 day moving average of $23.84. Arconic has a one year low of $16.75 and a one year high of $30.69. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 5th will be issued a $0.06 dividend. This represents a $0.24 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.85%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 3rd. In related news, major shareholder International L.P. Elliott purchased 272,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 17th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $29.78 per share, with a total value of $8,100,160.00. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Associates L.P. Elliott purchased 136,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $29.27 per share, for a total transaction of $3,980,720.00. Following the acquisition, the insider now directly owns 15,312,682 shares in the company, valued at $448,202,202.14. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders bought a total of 1,320,001 shares of company stock worth $39,307,149 in the last three months. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Pettee Investors Inc. bought a new position in shares of Arconic during the first quarter worth approximately $218,000. Dai Ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd bought a new position in shares of Arconic during the first quarter worth approximately $221,000. Sii Investments Inc. WI bought a new position in shares of Arconic during the first quarter worth approximately $227,000. Wilbanks Smith & Thomas Asset Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Arconic during the first quarter worth approximately $228,000. Finally, Pitcairn Co. bought a new position in shares of Arconic during the first quarter worth approximately $231,000. Arconic Company Profile Arconic Inc, formerly Alcoa Inc, is engaged in lightweight metals engineering and manufacturing. The Company operates through three segments: Global Rolled Products, Engineered Products and Solutions, and Transportation and Construction Solutions. Its multi-material products, which include aluminum, titanium and nickel, are used around the world in markets, such as aerospace, automotive, commercial transportation and packaging. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Arconic (ARNC) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Arconic Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arconic Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wpp Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wpp Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Stake Boosted by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Dime Community Bancshares, Inc. (DCOM) Stake Held by Teton Advisors Inc. Teton Advisors Inc. Acquires 7,923 Shares of Diebold Nixdorf Inc (DBD) Colony NorthStar’s (CLNS) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at FBR & Co Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $2.799 Million Position in Expedia Inc (EXPE) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Buys 2,217 Shares of Liberty Global plc – Class A (LBTYA) Teton Advisors Inc. Has $839,000 Position in HomeStreet Inc (HMST) Raytheon Company (RTN) Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc. DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Receives “Buy” Rating from Berenberg Bank Zynga’s (ZNGA) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity Wpp Plc (WPP) Given “Buy” Rating at Citigroup Inc Clarkson Capital Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Franco Nevada Corp (FNV) easyJet plc’s (EZJ) “Equal Weight” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Coherent, Inc. (COHR) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Downgraded to Buy at Vetr Inc. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Sells 19,769 Shares of CA, Inc. (CA) Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Position Cut by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Receives Hold Rating from Piper Jaffray Companies Wpp Plc (WPP) Given “Buy” Rating at Citigroup Inc May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Citigroup Inc reissued their buy rating on shares of Wpp Plc (LON:WPP) in a report issued on Monday morning. Several other analysts have also recently commented on WPP. Liberum Capital restated a buy rating and set a GBX 2,000 ($25.82) price target on shares of Wpp Plc in a report on Sunday, April 9th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a buy rating and set a GBX 1,890 ($24.40) price target on shares of Wpp Plc in a report on Monday, March 6th. Macquarie restated an outperform rating and set a GBX 2,100 ($27.11) price target on shares of Wpp Plc in a report on Friday, April 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their price target on shares of Wpp Plc from GBX 1,997 ($25.78) to GBX 1,969 ($25.42) and set an overweight rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc restated a buy rating and set a GBX 2,000 ($25.82) price target on shares of Wpp Plc in a report on Friday, April 28th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and sixteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 1,965.20 ($25.37). Shares of Wpp Plc (LON:WPP) traded up 0.35% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting GBX 1717.00. 2,793,529 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock’s market cap is GBX 21.75 billion. Wpp Plc has a 1-year low of GBX 1,204.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 1,928.07. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 1,710.23 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 1,763.68. WARNING: “Wpp Plc (WPP) Given “Buy” Rating at Citigroup Inc” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/wpp-plc-wpp-given-buy-rating-at-citigroup-inc.html. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Investors of record on Thursday, June 8th will be given a dividend of GBX 37.05 ($0.48) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 8th. This represents a yield of 2.11%. This is a positive change from Wpp Plc’s previous dividend of $19.55. In related news, insider Sir Martin Sorrell sold 57,522 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,720 ($22.20), for a total transaction of £989,378.40 ($1,277,111.66). Wpp Plc Company Profile WPP plc (WPP) operates in four segments: Advertising and Media Investment Management; Consumer Insight; Public Relations & Public Affairs, and Branding & Identity, Healthcare and Specialist Communications. Advertising and Media Investment Management, where it operates advertising networks Ogilvy & Mather Advertising, JWT, Y&R, Grey, bates and the United Network. Receive News & Ratings for Wpp Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wpp Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lloyds Banking Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael R. Giordano Sells 5,062 Shares of Diodes Incorporated (DIOD) Stock Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Shares Bought by LS Investment Advisors LLC Leonetti & Associates LLC Invests $8.373 Million in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) South32 Ltd (S32) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Cuts Stake in Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Fevertree Drinks PLC (FEVR) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,700 at Whitman Howard Premier Oil PLC’s (PMO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt Intel Co. (INTC) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $14.41 Billion $0.29 Earnings Per Share Expected for Healthcare Services Group, Inc. (HCSG) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc (CNAT) to Post -$0.08 EPS KAZ Minerals PLC (KAZ) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Argonaut Gold Inc (AR) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Statoil ASA (STO) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows Zacks: Analysts Expect CUI Global Inc (CUI) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $20.52 Million Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact EnteroMedics (ETRM) Share Price Robert W. Malone Sells 793 Shares of Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Stock Glencore PLC (GLEN) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Tui AG’s (TUI) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Panmure Gordon FY2019 EPS Estimates for Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd Decreased by Analyst (RDY) NEX Group PLC’s (NXG) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LYG) Upgraded by Deutsche Bank AG to “Buy” May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG upgraded shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC (NYSE:LYG) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report released on Monday. LYG has been the subject of several other research reports. HSBC Holdings plc upgraded shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from a d+ rating to a c rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Berenberg Bank cut shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a buy rating on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $3.50. Shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC (NYSE:LYG) traded up 2.17% on Monday, hitting $3.76. 4,903,225 shares of the stock were exchanged. Lloyds Banking Group PLC has a one year low of $2.47 and a one year high of $4.42. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $3.44 and a 200-day moving average price of $3.26. The firm has a market capitalization of $74.43 billion, a PE ratio of 24.74 and a beta of 1.17. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LYG) Upgraded by Deutsche Bank AG to “Buy”” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/lloyds-banking-group-plc-lyg-upgraded-by-deutsche-bank-ag-to-buy.html. The company also recently announced a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 7th will be given a $0.0837 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 5th. This is a boost from Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.05. Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s payout ratio is presently 130.00%. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Earnest Partners LLC boosted its position in shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC by 31.3% in the first quarter. Earnest Partners LLC now owns 102,589 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $349,000 after buying an additional 24,478 shares during the last quarter. Signaturefd LLC purchased a new position in shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC during the first quarter valued at approximately $125,000. Two Sigma Securities LLC boosted its position in shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC by 618.6% in the first quarter. Two Sigma Securities LLC now owns 229,881 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $782,000 after buying an additional 197,891 shares during the last quarter. Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC during the first quarter valued at approximately $3,914,000. Finally, United Capital Financial Advisers LLC boosted its position in shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC by 12.0% in the first quarter. United Capital Financial Advisers LLC now owns 89,276 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $304,000 after buying an additional 9,588 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 1.69% of the company’s stock. Lloyds Banking Group PLC Company Profile Lloyds Banking Group plc is a provider of financial services to individual and business customers in the United Kingdom. The Company’s main business activities are retail and commercial banking, general insurance, and long-term savings, protection and investment. The Company’s segments are Retail, Commercial Banking, Consumer Finance, Insurance and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tui AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tui AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael R. Giordano Sells 5,062 Shares of Diodes Incorporated (DIOD) Stock Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Shares Bought by LS Investment Advisors LLC Leonetti & Associates LLC Invests $8.373 Million in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) South32 Ltd (S32) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Cuts Stake in Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Fevertree Drinks PLC (FEVR) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,700 at Whitman Howard Premier Oil PLC’s (PMO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt Intel Co. (INTC) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $14.41 Billion $0.29 Earnings Per Share Expected for Healthcare Services Group, Inc. (HCSG) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc (CNAT) to Post -$0.08 EPS KAZ Minerals PLC (KAZ) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Argonaut Gold Inc (AR) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Statoil ASA (STO) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows Zacks: Analysts Expect CUI Global Inc (CUI) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $20.52 Million Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact EnteroMedics (ETRM) Share Price Robert W. Malone Sells 793 Shares of Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Stock Glencore PLC (GLEN) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Tui AG’s (TUI) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Panmure Gordon FY2019 EPS Estimates for Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd Decreased by Analyst (RDY) NEX Group PLC’s (NXG) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Tui AG’s (TUI) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Panmure Gordon May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Panmure Gordon reiterated their sell rating on shares of Tui AG (LON:TUI) in a research report released on Monday. Several other equities analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG restated an underperform rating and set a GBX 1,040 ($13.42) price objective on shares of Tui AG in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an overweight rating and set a GBX 1,340 ($17.30) price objective on shares of Tui AG in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Shore Capital restated a buy rating on shares of Tui AG in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a buy rating on shares of Tui AG in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Barclays PLC restated an overweight rating on shares of Tui AG in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 1,160.71 ($14.98). Tui AG (LON:TUI) traded down 1.24% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching GBX 1119.00. 2,527,581 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 1,124.17 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 1,115.44. Tui AG has a one year low of GBX 813.00 and a one year high of GBX 1,231.00. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 6.42 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/tui-ags-tui-sell-rating-reaffirmed-at-panmure-gordon.html. Tui AG Company Profile TUI AG is a Germany-based integrated tourism group that operates through five segments: Central Region, Western Region, Hotels and Resorts, Cruises and Other Tourism. The Central Region segment comprises the tour operators and airlines in Germany and tour operators in Austria, Poland and Switzerland. Receive News & Ratings for Tui AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tui AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Dimon defends his role as Trump adviser Seven banks said to be focus of Mexico bond collusion probe Ten questions for Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker BankThink Tarp was not a bailout, and the government's profit was huge How a N.J. community bank ended up in a political and social media firestorm search goes here Dimon defends his role as Trump adviser By Kristin Broughton Published May 16 2017, 2:18pm EDT More in Commercial banking Corporate governance Policymaking Jamie Dimon Donald Trump JPMorgan Chase Print Email Reprints Share Share on WILMINGTON, Del. — Facing a group of angry shareholders, JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon on Tuesday endured nearly a half-hour of stinging criticism about his ties to the Trump administration. Dimon listened quietly at the podium during his company's annual meeting here as several activists blasted its financing of prisons used by the Trump administration to detain undocumented immigrants. Limited Time Offer Save $400 off your subscription. Special offer ends April 30, 2017. Learn More 14-Day Free Trial No credit card required. Complete access to articles, breaking news and industry data. Get 14-Day Free Trial Have an account? Sign In Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Edina condo plan called a ‘slam dunk’ Dayton vetoes road-funding bill, calling it ‘inadequate’ Hoskin plans retail project next to Blaine airport Finance & Commerce announces Top Projects of 2016 Hennepin County awards nearly $5M in housing grants A new wing – and a prayer – for Westminster Presbyterian MnDOT wage rule draws lawsuit from trucking company Meritex breaks into Shakopee warehouse market Aging retail center fetches $27M in Maple Grove Archaeological services sought for Southwest light rail station Finance & Commerce News Business & Economy Construction & Development Economic Development Finance & Banking Real Estate Regional Planning & Transit Nation & World In Brief Regular Features Building Blocks How To Just Sold MN Snapshot Point Person Sustainable Top Transactions Special Sections Health Care Top Women in Finance Progress Minnesota Top Projects Twin Cities Tenant Focus on Data Center Construction Focus on Commercial Real Estate Health Care Sector Transit-Oriented Development Investment Guide 2014 State of the Construction Industry Experts Forum How to Make Mixed-Income Housing Happen Cybersecurity Public Notices Public Notices Submit a Public Notice Events CRE Class 130 Year Anniversary Progress Minnesota Top Projects Top Women in Finance Advertising Advertise Digital Marketing Marketplace Reprints Subscribe Classifieds Sponsored Trackers Rochester on the Rise Tracker Hotel Development and Sales Tracker Apartment Development Tracker Apartment Sales Tracker Subscribe Manage Account News Business & Economy Construction & Development Economic Development Finance & Banking Real Estate Regional Planning & Transit Nation & World In Brief Regular Features Building Blocks How To Just Sold MN Snapshot Point Person Sustainable Top Transactions Special Sections Health Care Top Women in Finance Progress Minnesota Top Projects Twin Cities Tenant Focus on Data Center Construction Focus on Commercial Real Estate Health Care Sector Transit-Oriented Development Investment Guide 2014 State of the Construction Industry Experts Forum How to Make Mixed-Income Housing Happen Cybersecurity Public Notices Public Notices Submit a Public Notice Events CRE Class 130 Year Anniversary Progress Minnesota Top Projects Top Women in Finance Advertising Advertise Digital Marketing Marketplace Reprints Subscribe Classifieds Sponsored Trackers Rochester on the Rise Tracker Hotel Development and Sales Tracker Apartment Development Tracker Apartment Sales Tracker Home / Nation & World / Wall Street writing a wish list for Trump President Donald Trump speaks May 1 during an event with the Independent Community Bankers Association in the Kennedy Garden of the White House. Trump said at that event that he was looking at breaking up Wall Street’s biggest banks, but those banks are now feeling more confident about their future thanks to Trump’s regulator appointments. (Bloomberg file photo) Wall Street writing a wish list for Trump By: Bloomberg News May 16, 2017 12:50 pm 0 On the first day of May, Donald Trump sat in the Oval Office and declared that his administration was taking a look at breaking up Wall Street’s biggest banks. If they ever took him seriously, it didn’t last. Instead of cowering, Wall Street executives and lobbyists are crowing, getting more confident about ditching rules that have annoyed them for years. That’s because the Trump administration is appointing friendly regulators and signaling it will make life easier for bankers. “Break up the banks? That ain’t going to happen,” said Rick Hohlt, who has advised and lobbied for lenders including Citigroup Inc. for three decades. “You need legislation to do that. And the chance of that is about zero.” Two weeks after Trump’s threat, Wall Street’s hopes are high. The biggest U.S. banks want him to relax capital requirements that limit their leverage, lighten up on stress tests designed to help them survive another crisis and weaken the Volcker Rule that stops them from placing speculative bets — something the administration is already taking steps to do. 21st century Their confidence doesn’t stop there. Some executives think that if the White House really does push for a sequel to Glass-Steagall — the 1933 law that separated commercial and investment banking and was partly repealed 66 years later — the new version would just scrap rules for smaller banks without breaking up large ones. Since taxpayer bailouts saved the financial system from toppling in 2008, some of the nation’s biggest banks have grown even bigger. JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Bank of America Corp. now have more than $2 trillion of assets each, and Wells Fargo & Co. isn’t far behind. Even Citigroup, which received the most generous bailout, still wields about $1.8 trillion. Trump, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and economic adviser Gary Cohn have all endorsed a “21st century” version of Glass-Steagall without explaining what they mean. In the interview this month, Trump told Bloomberg News that bank breakups were under consideration. “I’m looking at that right now as we speak,” he said. Tim Pawlenty, who runs the Financial Services Roundtable, a Wall Street lobbying group, doesn’t think the administration is really talking about Glass-Steagall when it refers to it. “Following the president’s remarks on the topic, Gary Cohn clarified the administration’s view of a modern-day Glass-Steagall is a two-tiered approach to regulation in which smaller banks would receive some regulatory relief,” said the former Minnesota governor, whose group represents banks including Bank of America, Citigroup and JPMorgan, the firm that spun off Morgan Stanley because of the original law. Diced up Executives at three of the six biggest banks were on the same page, saying they’d be happy if Trump loosened rules for smaller lenders and sold it as a new and improved Glass-Steagall. It would be a nicer fate for those institutions than getting diced up or having to ring-fence consumer banking from trading operations. On the same day Trump made his breakup threat, Sean Spicer, his spokesman, said a 21st century Glass-Steagall would allow smaller banks to “spend less time complying with unnecessary requirements.” A spokeswoman for Cohn said he supports tailoring regulation according to bank size. But Wall Street’s biggest firms also want Trump to roll back regulations that bother them. High up on their wish list is Volcker, the rule in the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act that limits how they trade with their own money and invest in private equity and hedge funds. On May 8, at a meeting behind closed doors in Washington, Mnuchin told five regulatory agencies to re-examine what’s allowed under Volcker, according to two people familiar with the sit-down. It was a step that could give banks the flexibility to trade without getting into trouble. Banks also want the stress tests required by Dodd-Frank to be easier and less frequent. Trump said this year he expects “to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” Friendly regulators Bankers know it won’t be easy to gut that law in Congress, where House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling’s Financial Choice Act is facing resistance from some members of his own party. But they’re confident friendly appointees will relax rules even if Congress doesn’t change them. Mnuchin, his counselors Justin Muzinich and Craig Phillips, Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Jay Clayton, acting Comptroller of the Currency Keith Noreika and Randy Quarles, said to be Trump’s pick for top regulator at the Federal Reserve, have all worked at big banks or for them. The shift from clashing with regulators to working with them isn’t lost on lobbyist Sam Geduldig, a partner at CGCN Group in Washington, whose clients include Goldman Sachs Group Inc. “This is night and day,” the former top aide on the House Financial Services Committee said. He added that the industry always takes a president’s words on big issues seriously but there’s been no appetite on the Hill for reviving Glass-Steagall. Wall Street’s critics won’t be shocked if Trump ends up deregulating banks after dangling the prospect of breaking them apart. Art Wilmarth, who teaches banking law at George Washington University Law School, thinks investment and commercial banking won’t be divided before another fiasco hits. “It’s going to take another significant disruptive event, which could lead people to think, ‘Oh gosh, we really have to do something to control the risks,’” said Wilmarth, who was a consultant to the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission. “I hope it won’t be another full-blown crisis.” Share this: Print Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google 12:50 pm Tue, May 16, 2017 Finance & Commerce Bloomberg News Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Latest Posts Edina condo plan called a ‘slam dunk’ May 16, 2017 5:09 pm Dayton vetoes road-funding bill, calling it ‘inadequate’ May 16, 2017 4:06 pm Hoskin plans retail project next to Blaine airport May 16, 2017 3:26 pm Finance & Commerce announces Top Projects of 2016 May 16, 2017 1:29 pm Hennepin County awards nearly $5M in housing grants May 16, 2017 7:02 am A new wing – and a prayer – for Westminster Presbyterian May 16, 2017 7:00 am MnDOT wage rule draws lawsuit from trucking company May 15, 2017 4:59 pm Editors’ Picks Our best, right now. Edina condo plan called a ‘slam dunk’ by Matt M. Johnson | May. 16 Dayton vetoes road-funding bill, calling it ‘inadequate’ by Brian Johnson | May. 16 Finance & Commerce announces Top Projects of 2016 by Finance & Commerce | May. 16 Hennepin County awards nearly $5M in housing grants by Clare Kennedy | May. 16 A new wing – and a prayer – for Westminster Presbyterian by Dan Heilman | May. 16 In Brief NTI to provide services for Thor project May 16, 2017 3:58 pm Comment period kicks off on Enbridge Line 3 pipeline review May 15, 2017 3:38 pm Most-read stories: Week of May 8 May 15, 2017 10:23 am Excelsior Group names Brandl Radovitskiy as VP May 11, 2017 11:04 am Vegas-based sandwich chain to enter Twin Cities May 8, 2017 4:14 pm Features Sustainable: Green Building Council expanding focus May 2, 2017 7:02 am Building Blocks: 333 on the Park April 21, 2017 7:02 am Sustainable: Energy partnership targets public housing April 4, 2017 7:02 am Sustainable: Organizations warming to geothermal energy March 7, 2017 7:03 am Nation & World U.S. industrial production posts biggest gain since 2014 May 16, 2017 3:59 pm Americans still opening wallets at Home Depot May 16, 2017 3:59 pm U.S. housing starts fell 2.6% in April May 16, 2017 3:25 pm U.S. retailers urge trade envoy to save NAFTA May 16, 2017 3:17 pm Trump tax plan would make mortgage break worthless for millions May 16, 2017 2:44 pm Get the Morning Memo Subscribe to F&C's free email alert and receive business news updates every weekday. Email Address * Twitter Buzz My Tweets Most-Read Content Hennepin County awards nearly $5M in housing grants Finance & Commerce announces Top Projects of 2016 Aging retail center fetches $27M in Maple Grove A new wing – and a prayer – for Westminster Presbyterian Meritex breaks into Shakopee warehouse market Finance & Commerce announces Top Projects of 2016 Experts Forum: How to Make Mixed-Income Housing Happen Golf Special Section Profiles of Progress MN 2017 honorees Digital Edition The Digital Edition of Finance & Commerce is available to both print and online subscribers. Current edition Recent Comments Jeremiah: If you look at the average rental rates in cities like Seatt... Zach Pasdoe: If you look at what has been built or what is currently unde... Eddie Rogers: I will believe it when I see it.... My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts May 17, 2017 Digital Edition Edina condo plan called a ‘slam dunk’ Dayton vetoes road-funding bill, calling it ‘inadequate’ U.S. industrial production posts biggest gain since 2014 Americans still opening wallets at Home Depot Finance and Commerce ABOUT CONTACT US ADVERTISE REPRINTS FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Copyright © 2017 Finance and Commerce | Suite 2300, Campbell Mithun Tower, 222 South Ninth Street, Minneapolis, MN 55402 | (612) 333-4244
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Altice US Gears Up for IPO By Chris Lange May 16, 2017 11:35 am EDT Print Email Tweet Altice USA has filed an amended S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for its initial public offering (IPO). No pricing details were listed in the filing, but the offering is valued up to $100 million, although this number is usually just a placeholder. The company intends to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ATUS. The underwriters for the offering are JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, Merrill Lynch, Barclays, BNP Paribas, Deutsche Bank and RBC Capital Markets. This company is one of the largest broadband communications and video services providers in the United States. It delivers broadband, pay television, telephony services, Wi-Fi hotspot access, proprietary content and advertising services to roughly 4.9 million residential and business customers. Altice’s footprint extends across 21 states through a fiber-rich broadband network with more than 8.5 million homes passed as of March 31. Altice acquired Cequel (Suddenlink) back in December 2015 and Cablevision Systems Corporation (Optimum) in June 2016. The company serves customers through its two business segments: Optimum, which operates in the New York metropolitan area, and Suddenlink, which principally operates in markets in the south-central United States. At the end of December 2016, Altice Group delivered broadband, pay television and telephony services to more than 50 million customers in Western Europe, the United States, Israel and the Caribbean and reported pro forma consolidated revenue of $26.02 billion (€23.5 billion) and pro forma adjusted EBITDA of $9.86 billion (€8.9 billion) for the year ended December 2016. The company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for working capital and general corporate purposes. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « BMW China Sales Soar 39%, Passes Mercedes, Buries Cadillac and Lincoln Amazon Taking Preorders for Built-In Fire TV » Read more: Telecom & Wireless, IPOs and Secondaries Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best and Worst Run States in America: A Survey of All 50 Companies Stashing the Most Money Overseas The Most Dangerous Cars in America Oldest County in Every State What a Typical Home Costs in Every State Recent Urban Outfitters Dives Lower on Missed Earnings Why Activist Elliott May Ultimately Fail in the Fight Against BHP Tuesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Ford, Rite Aid Dip into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Is the Net Neutrality Debate as Important as It Used to Be? Can I Provide Collateral to Increase My Credit Card Limit? 3 Dividend Stocks for Bright Investors June gold futures up $6.90, or 0.6%, to $1,243.30 an ounce Nasdaq 100 futures fall 25.25 points, or 0.4%, to 5,699 DJIA futures down 96 points, or 0.5%, to 20,839 Tech Stocks Still Rule: Here's Why Bartosiak: Trading Alibaba (BABA) Earnings with Options Here's Why Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Is A Strong Buy Stock Right Now Greece general strike to disrupt services across country AP Exclusive: The last days of the Ringling Bros. circus A history of Ringling Bros. circus, soon to close forever Elizabeth Warren Has A Real Plan To Drain The Swamp In Washington Harper's Bazaar Accused Of Ripping Off A Bunch Of Feminist Artwork This Brand Will Give You New Clothes If Your Size Changes Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Seven Banks Said to Be Focus of Mexico Bond Collusion Probe by Isabella Cota @Isabella_CS More stories by Isabella Cota , Eric Martin @EMPosts More stories by Eric Martin , and Michelle Davis @MichelleF_Davis More stories by Michelle Davis May 16, 2017, 10:53 AM EDT May 16, 2017, 2:32 PM EDT Citi, HSBC, BBVA, BofA, Barclays said to be among those probed Investigation centers on $400 billion local bond market Mexican authorities have zeroed in on seven banks, including three from the U.S., as part of a widening investigation into price manipulation in the nation’s bond market, according to a person with knowledge of the matter. Local units of Banco Santander SA, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA, JPMorgan Chase & Co., HSBC Holdings Plc, Barclays Plc, Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp. have become the focus of the probe, according to the person, who asked not to be identified because the information is private. None of the banks has been accused of wrongdoing. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up The investigation, first made public April 19 in an attempt to attract informants, threatens to upend trading in Mexico’s $400 billion market for local bonds from government entities. At issue is whether players known as market makers, which buy the notes at auctions, colluded in order to suppress prices. The probe follows long-running cases over interest-rate rigging in the U.K. and after U.S. prosecutors in January charged workers from some of the world’s biggest banks with conspiring to coordinate trading of dollars and euros to manipulate prices. Some of the banks have already received requests for information related to Mexico’s investigation, which could also extend to other participants in the primary and secondary bond markets, the person said. One institution has agreed to cooperate with the probe in exchange for a lighter punishment, according to two people familiar with the matter. Cofece, as the antitrust regulator is known, hasn’t publicly identified the banks under investigation, but said in April that the damage to public finances from the alleged manipulation could be “serious.” By suppressing prices, buyers would be able to get higher yields on the bonds, making interest payments more expensive for the borrowers. The probe comes weeks after Cofece fined the country’s biggest pension funds as well as 11 individuals for colluding to make it difficult for clients to transfer their accounts. JPMorgan spokeswoman Tasha Pelio, Bank of America spokesman Bill Halldin, Barclays spokesman Marc Hazelton and HSBC spokeswoman Lyssette Bravo declined to comment on the investigation or say whether their banks had been contacted by authorities. Press offices of Citibanamex, BBVA and Santander Mexico also declined to comment. Cofece’s highest fine for monopolistic practices is 10 percent of a company’s annual income, a limit that likely means the damage from the market manipulation may be much larger than any penalty the government would collect. Individuals found colluding could face from five to 10 years in prison. Finance Minister Jose Antonio Meade told reporters on Tuesday the ministry has not been provided with details of the investigation and is willing to cooperate. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Rich Retirees Are Hoarding Cash Out of Fear Mom-and-Pop Joints Are Trouncing America's Big Restaurant Chains Apple Plans Laptop Upgrades to Take on Microsoft 25 Million Americans Could Find Mortgage Tax Break Useless Under Trump’s Plan Fyre Festival Was Buried Under Millions in Debt Before It Even Began Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Windstream Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Argos Therapeutics (ARGS) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Aramark (ARMK) Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Ardmore Shipping Corp (ASC) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Dane A. Drobny Sells 47,753 Shares of Groupon Inc (GRPN) Stock DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Has $1.52 Million Stake in Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) Stake Maintained by FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Kilroy Realty Corp (KRC) Shares Bought by Flinton Capital Management LLC Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Shares Bought by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Reduces Stake in Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (RARE) TiVo Corp (TIVO) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Investment Management of Virginia LLC Has $5.784 Million Stake in T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Raises Position in Exelon Co. (EXC) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Increases Position in NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Pool Co. (POOL) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Flinton Capital Management LLC Has $211,000 Stake in Barclays PLC (BCS) PVH Corp (PVH) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Boosts Position in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Zacks: Analysts Expect First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $19.45 Million Peoples Utah Bancorp (PUB) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Vicon Industries, Inc. (VII) Releases Earnings Results Brokerages Expect Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.37 Per Share May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street analysts expect Windstream Holdings Inc (NYSE:WIN) to post earnings per share (EPS) of ($0.37) for the current quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Five analysts have issued estimates for Windstream Holdings’ earnings. The lowest EPS estimate is ($0.76) and the highest is ($0.19). Windstream Holdings reported earnings of ($0.29) per share in the same quarter last year, which would indicate a negative year over year growth rate of 27.6%. The firm is expected to report its next earnings report on Thursday, August 3rd. On average, analysts expect that Windstream Holdings will report full-year earnings of ($1.70) per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($3.12) to ($0.76). For the next financial year, analysts anticipate that the business will report earnings of ($1.13) per share, with EPS estimates ranging from ($2.75) to ($0.23). Zacks’ earnings per share calculations are an average based on a survey of analysts that cover Windstream Holdings. Windstream Holdings (NYSE:WIN) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported ($0.89) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.34) by $0.55. The business had revenue of $1.52 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.51 billion. Windstream Holdings’s revenue was down 7.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned ($2.52) EPS. A number of brokerages have recently commented on WIN. Jefferies Group LLC upgraded shares of Windstream Holdings from an “underperform” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $7.50 price target for the company in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “sell” rating and issued a $4.50 target price on shares of Windstream Holdings in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Citigroup Inc lowered their target price on shares of Windstream Holdings from $8.50 to $7.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a report on Monday, March 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Windstream Holdings in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $7.00 target price for the company. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Windstream Holdings from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $7.21. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Brokerages Expect Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.37 Per Share” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/brokerages-expect-windstream-holdings-inc-win-will-announce-earnings-of-0-37-per-share.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Windstream Holdings by 22.0% in the third quarter. Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC now owns 73,199 shares of the company’s stock worth $736,000 after buying an additional 13,188 shares during the period. Credit Agricole S A acquired a new position in shares of Windstream Holdings during the fourth quarter worth $164,000. Two Sigma Investments LP boosted its position in shares of Windstream Holdings by 2,297.8% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 834,741 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,119,000 after buying an additional 799,928 shares during the period. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC boosted its position in shares of Windstream Holdings by 1,848.7% in the third quarter. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC now owns 45,540 shares of the company’s stock worth $458,000 after buying an additional 43,203 shares during the period. Finally, SG Americas Securities LLC boosted its position in shares of Windstream Holdings by 210.4% in the third quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC now owns 58,609 shares of the company’s stock worth $589,000 after buying an additional 39,730 shares during the period. Windstream Holdings (NYSE:WIN) traded down 1.011% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $4.405. 458,203 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Windstream Holdings has a 1-year low of $4.30 and a 1-year high of $10.46. The firm’s market capitalization is $839.13 million. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $5.37 and a 200 day moving average of $6.89. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 17th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 30th will be given a dividend of $0.15 per share. This represents a $0.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 13.48%. This is a boost from Windstream Holdings’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.10. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 28th. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Windstream Holdings (WIN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Silver Spring Networks Inc (SSNI) Given New $14.00 Price Target at CIBC Insider Selling: SpartanNash Co (SPTN) Insider Sells 1,182 Shares of Stock Prospect Capital Co. (PSEC) CFO Brian H. Oswald Acquires 4,453 Shares Nuvista Energy Ltd (NVA) Director Grant A. Zawalsky Sells 6,343 Shares EV Energy Partners, L.P. (EVEP) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Foundation Medicine Inc (FMI) Upgraded by BTIG Research to Buy Insider Selling: Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Insider Sells 333 Shares of Stock Aemetis Inc (AMTX) Director Buys $12,800.00 in Stock Acrospire Investment Management LLC Reduces Position in Heritage-Crystal Clean, Inc. (HCCI) Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Shares Sold by Acrospire Investment Management LLC Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Boosts Position in Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Sells 1,490 Shares of Regions Financial Corp (RF) Lear Co. (LEA) Shares Sold by Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Has $2.312 Million Stake in Hess Corp. (HES) Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Buys 22,568 Shares of Comerica Incorporated (CMA) AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Position Raised by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC RNC Capital Management LLC Has $561,000 Stake in Edison International (EIX) Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Sells 25,984 Shares of Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) PG&E Co. (PCG) Position Maintained by RNC Capital Management LLC RNC Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in Lincoln National Co. (LNC) Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.60 Per Share (AQN) May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp (TSE:AQN) – Investment analysts at National Bank Financial lowered their FY2017 EPS estimates for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp in a research note issued on Thursday. National Bank Financial analyst R. Merer now forecasts that the company will post earnings per share of $0.60 for the year, down from their prior forecast of $0.64. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/algonquin-power-utilities-corp-forecasted-to-post-fy2017-earnings-of-0-60-per-share-aqn.html. Other analysts have also recently issued research reports about the company. TD Securities raised their target price on Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp from C$14.00 to C$15.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a C$11.00 target price on shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Scotiabank reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a C$14.00 target price on shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a C$15.00 target price on shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, five have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of C$14.14. Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp (TSE:AQN) opened at 13.31 on Monday. The stock has a market cap of $3.65 billion and a PE ratio of 44.52. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $12.91 and a 200 day moving average price of $11.88. Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp has a 52 week low of $10.47 and a 52 week high of $13.36. About Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (APUC) is a Canada-based company engaged in owning and operating a portfolio of regulated and non-regulated generation, distribution and transmission utility assets. APUC’s operations are organized across three business units consisting of Generation, Transmission and Distribution. Receive News & Ratings for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tesoro Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesoro Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News salesforce.com, inc.’s (CRM) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Drexel Hamilton The Chefs Warehouse, Inc (CHEF) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Loop Capital Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Premier Oil PLC (PMOIY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Inotek Pharmaceuticals Corp (ITEK) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.36 Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Hemispherx BioPharma (HEB) Share Price Atlanticus Holdings Corp (ATLC) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Nike Inc (NKE) Receives Buy Rating from Nomura Target Co. (TGT) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Cellular Biomedicine Group Inc (CBMG) Given a $18.00 Price Target at Maxim Group Timmins Gold Corp. (TMM) Given New C$0.80 Price Target at Scotiabank Galmed Pharmaceuticals Ltd (GLMD) Given a $9.00 Price Target at Maxim Group Buffalo Wild Wings’ (BWLD) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) EVP Sells $338,370.48 in Stock HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) Position Cut by GABELLI & Co INVESTMENT ADVISERS INC. Gabelli Funds LLC Purchases New Position in Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Teton Advisors Inc. Invests $638,000 in Zagg Inc (ZAGG) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Decreases Position in Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA) Hudson Technologies, Inc. (HDSN) Position Held by Teton Advisors Inc. Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Raises Position in Badger Meter, Inc. (BMI) Tesoro Co. (TSO) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Tesoro Co. (NYSE:TSO) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report published on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Despite Tesoro’s first-quarter earnings beat, we are recalibrating our investment thesis on the downstream operator to Sell from Hold. In particular, weaker performance in its marketing unit and a tepid outlook for refining margins are key to our negative sentiment. While the marketing segment was hampered by unusually heavy rain in the West Coast, higher-than-normal refined product inventories led to lower margins. We also remain wary of the high manufacturing cost in California – where most of its refining capacity is located – and a drop in Tesoro's cash reserves. Last but not the least, the U.S. refiners are feeling the pinch of higher RFS costs to comply with new cleaner gasoline production rules. Given these headwinds, we see Tesoro as a risky bet that ordinary investors should exit.” Several other research analysts also recently issued reports on the company. Credit Suisse Group AG downgraded Tesoro from an outperform rating to a neutral rating and cut their price objective for the stock from $110.00 to $93.00 in a research report on Friday, March 24th. Citigroup Inc restated a buy rating and set a $104.00 price objective (down from $109.00) on shares of Tesoro in a research report on Saturday, April 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Tesoro from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and set a $99.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Royal Bank of Canada restated a hold rating and set a $99.00 price objective on shares of Tesoro in a research report on Thursday, April 13th. Finally, Simmons cut their price objective on Tesoro from $103.00 to $102.00 and set an overweight rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating, fourteen have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of $101.79. Tesoro (NYSE:TSO) opened at 81.96 on Wednesday. The firm has a market cap of $9.60 billion, a PE ratio of 13.66 and a beta of 1.69. Tesoro has a 12-month low of $69.49 and a 12-month high of $93.06. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $80.17 and a 200-day moving average price of $83.79. Tesoro (NYSE:TSO) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 8th. The oil and gas company reported $0.52 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.36 by $0.16. Tesoro had a return on equity of 9.07% and a net margin of 2.99%. The firm had revenue of $6.64 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $6.46 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $1.19 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 30.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that Tesoro will post $5.33 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/tesoro-co-tso-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research.html. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 19th will be given a $0.55 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 17th. This represents a $2.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.68%. Tesoro’s payout ratio is currently 35.95%. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in Tesoro by 2,273.3% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 8,913,506 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $722,530,000 after buying an additional 8,537,930 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new position in Tesoro during the fourth quarter worth $137,830,000. Boston Partners boosted its position in Tesoro by 42.4% in the first quarter. Boston Partners now owns 4,574,824 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $370,835,000 after buying an additional 1,361,943 shares during the last quarter. Artisan Partners Limited Partnership purchased a new position in Tesoro during the fourth quarter worth $115,598,000. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC purchased a new position in Tesoro during the fourth quarter worth $85,395,000. 87.89% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Tesoro Tesoro Corporation (Tesoro) is an independent petroleum refining, logistics and marketing company. he Company operates through three segments. The Refining operating segment refines crude oil and other feedstocks into transportation fuels, such as gasoline and gasoline blendstocks, jet fuel and diesel fuel, as well as other products, including heavy fuel oils, liquefied petroleum gas and petroleum coke for sale in bulk markets to a range of customers within its markets. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Tesoro (TSO) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Tesoro Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesoro Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Spark Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spark Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News PNM Resources Inc (PNM) Shares Sold by Century Capital Management LLC 9,189 Shares in DISH Network Corp (DISH) Acquired by Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Acquires 94 Shares of CNOOC Ltd (CEO) Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Invests $1.035 Million in Heron Therapeutics Inc (HRTX) Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Reduces Position in Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd (NCLH) Siliconware Precision Industries (SPIL) Shares Sold by Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Thornburg Investment Management Inc. Increases Position in FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) Century Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Sells 395 Shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (ASR) BMC Stock Holdings Inc (BMCH) Shares Sold by Century Capital Management LLC Century Capital Management LLC Invests $23 Million in SPX Co. (SPXC) iRobot Co. (IRBT) Shares Sold by Century Capital Management LLC Nichols & Pratt Advisers LLP MA Increases Position in Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. (JKHY) Iteris Inc (ITI) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.04 Per Share Empire State Realty Trust (ESRT) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Roper Technologies (ROP) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.33 Johnson Outdoors (JOUT) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Favorable Media Coverage Unlikely to Affect Provident Financial Services (PFS) Share Price Scott Welch Sells 3,902 Shares of Five9 Inc (FIVN) Stock Five Point Holdings LLC (FPH) Insider Michael Alvarado Buys 14,000 Shares Spark Therapeutics’ (ONCE) “Underperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Wedbush May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wedbush reissued their underperform rating on shares of Spark Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:ONCE) in a research report report published on Wednesday morning. They currently have a $28.00 price objective on the biotechnology company’s stock. ONCE has been the topic of several other research reports. Vetr downgraded Spark Therapeutics from a buy rating to a hold rating and set a $62.50 target price on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Leerink Swann initiated coverage on Spark Therapeutics in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. They set an outperform rating and a $85.00 target price on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $82.00 target price on Spark Therapeutics and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Jefferies Group LLC set a $59.00 target price on Spark Therapeutics and gave the company a hold rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Cowen and Company set a $75.00 target price on Spark Therapeutics and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the stock. Spark Therapeutics has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $68.31. Spark Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ONCE) opened at 56.80 on Wednesday. Spark Therapeutics has a 12-month low of $32.89 and a 12-month high of $65.99. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $54.82 and its 200-day moving average price is $56.09. The stock’s market cap is $1.77 billion. Spark Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ONCE) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The biotechnology company reported ($1.70) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($1.36) by $0.34. The business had revenue of $1.27 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.35 million. Spark Therapeutics had a negative net margin of 441.05% and a negative return on equity of 28.28%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business posted ($0.95) EPS. On average, equities analysts predict that Spark Therapeutics will post ($6.70) EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Spark Therapeutics’ (ONCE) “Underperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Wedbush” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/spark-therapeutics-once-underperform-rating-reaffirmed-at-wedbush.html. In other Spark Therapeutics news, CFO Stephen W. Webster sold 1,898 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $55.00, for a total transaction of $104,390.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 4,398 shares in the company, valued at approximately $241,890. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, CFO Stephen W. Webster sold 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $55.18, for a total value of $551,800.00. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 4,398 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $242,681.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 226,143 shares of company stock valued at $14,356,283 in the last 90 days. 9.60% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Pacad Investment Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Spark Therapeutics during the fourth quarter worth approximately $160,000. Highbridge Capital Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Spark Therapeutics during the first quarter worth approximately $227,000. Argentus Capital Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Spark Therapeutics during the third quarter worth approximately $293,000. Endurant Capital Management LP bought a new position in shares of Spark Therapeutics during the third quarter worth approximately $348,000. Finally, KCG Holdings Inc. boosted its position in shares of Spark Therapeutics by 9.4% in the first quarter. KCG Holdings Inc. now owns 6,247 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $333,000 after buying an additional 538 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 83.97% of the company’s stock. Spark Therapeutics Company Profile Spark Therapeutics, Inc is a gene therapy company. The Company focuses on treating orphan diseases. It has a pipeline of product candidates targeting multiple rare blinding conditions, hematologic disorders and neurodegenerative diseases. Its pipeline includes a product candidate targeting choroideremia (CHM), which is in a Phase I/II clinical trial and a product candidate for hemophilia A, which is in a Phase I/II clinical trial. Receive News & Ratings for Spark Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spark Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Standard Chart Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chart Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Argos Therapeutics (ARGS) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Aramark (ARMK) Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Ardmore Shipping Corp (ASC) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Dane A. Drobny Sells 47,753 Shares of Groupon Inc (GRPN) Stock DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Has $1.52 Million Stake in Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) Stake Maintained by FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Kilroy Realty Corp (KRC) Shares Bought by Flinton Capital Management LLC Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Shares Bought by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Reduces Stake in Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (RARE) TiVo Corp (TIVO) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Investment Management of Virginia LLC Has $5.784 Million Stake in T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Raises Position in Exelon Co. (EXC) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Increases Position in NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Pool Co. (POOL) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Flinton Capital Management LLC Has $211,000 Stake in Barclays PLC (BCS) PVH Corp (PVH) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Boosts Position in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Zacks: Analysts Expect First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $19.45 Million Peoples Utah Bancorp (PUB) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Vicon Industries, Inc. (VII) Releases Earnings Results Standard Chart Plc (SCBFF) Stock Rating Lowered by Investec May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Standard Chart Plc (NASDAQ:SCBFF) was downgraded by investment analysts at Investec from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report released on Friday. SCBFF has been the subject of several other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Standard Chart Plc in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of Standard Chart Plc from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, BNP Paribas upgraded shares of Standard Chart Plc from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold”. Standard Chart Plc (NASDAQ:SCBFF) traded down 0.51% on Friday, hitting $9.79. The stock had a trading volume of 1,260 shares. Standard Chart Plc has a 52-week low of $6.88 and a 52-week high of $10.17. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $9.25 and its 200-day moving average is $8.89. The company’s market cap is $32.09 billion. WARNING: This story was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/standard-chart-plc-scbff-stock-rating-lowered-by-investec.html. About Standard Chart Plc Standard Chartered Bank provides personal and business banking services such as loans and mortgages, insurance and investment. Receive News & Ratings for Standard Chart Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chart Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Standard Chart Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chart Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cardiome Pharma Corp (CRME) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS David Evans Sells 3,251 Shares of Salem Media Group Inc (SALM) Stock Advanced Disposal Services Inc (ADSW) Receives “Buy” Rating from CIBC KemPharm’s (KMPH) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Ares Capital’s (ARCC) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Janney Montgomery Scott Sky Solar Holdings Ltd (SKYS) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.09 EPS Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Price Target Increased to $60.00 by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus James E. Hyman Acquires 15,000 Shares of Quinpario Acquisition Corp (JASN) Stock Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Stake Raised by Goelzer Investment Management Inc. Blue Buffalo Pet Products (BUFF) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Bank Mutual (BKMU) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.03 BioScrip (BIOS) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Blackrock Capital Investment Corp (BKCC) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.02 Karp Capital Management Corp Buys Shares of 25,563 Equinix, Inc. (EQIX) Karp Capital Management Corp Invests $9.145 Million in Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) Smith Salley & Associates Has $403,000 Stake in Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Waters Co. (WAT) Shares Sold by Parthenon LLC Qorvo Inc (QRVO) Given “Hold” Rating at Barclays PLC Stericycle Inc (SRCL) Downgraded by Robert W. Baird to Underperform $6.81 Million in Sales Expected for Horizon Technology Finance Corp (HRZN) This Quarter Standard Chart Plc (SCBFF) Stock Rating Upgraded by BNP Paribas May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Standard Chart Plc (NASDAQ:SCBFF) was upgraded by analysts at BNP Paribas from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report released on Friday. Other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Standard Chart Plc in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Bank of America Corp upgraded Standard Chart Plc from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Standard Chart Plc currently has a consensus rating of “Hold”. Shares of Standard Chart Plc (NASDAQ:SCBFF) traded down 0.51% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $9.79. 1,260 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock’s market cap is $32.09 billion. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $9.25 and a 200 day moving average of $8.89. Standard Chart Plc has a one year low of $6.88 and a one year high of $10.17. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/standard-chart-plc-scbff-stock-rating-upgraded-by-bnp-paribas.html. Standard Chart Plc Company Profile Standard Chartered Bank provides personal and business banking services such as loans and mortgages, insurance and investment. Receive News & Ratings for Standard Chart Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chart Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Eaton Co. PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eaton Co. PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Argos Therapeutics (ARGS) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Aramark (ARMK) Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Ardmore Shipping Corp (ASC) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Dane A. Drobny Sells 47,753 Shares of Groupon Inc (GRPN) Stock DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Has $1.52 Million Stake in Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) Stake Maintained by FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Kilroy Realty Corp (KRC) Shares Bought by Flinton Capital Management LLC Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Shares Bought by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Reduces Stake in Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (RARE) TiVo Corp (TIVO) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Investment Management of Virginia LLC Has $5.784 Million Stake in T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Raises Position in Exelon Co. (EXC) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Increases Position in NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Pool Co. (POOL) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Flinton Capital Management LLC Has $211,000 Stake in Barclays PLC (BCS) PVH Corp (PVH) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Boosts Position in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Zacks: Analysts Expect First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $19.45 Million Peoples Utah Bancorp (PUB) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Vicon Industries, Inc. (VII) Releases Earnings Results Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) to “Buy” May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report issued on Friday. The brokerage currently has a $86.00 target price on the industrial products company’s stock. Zacks Investment Research‘s target price would suggest a potential upside of 11.73% from the stock’s previous close. According to Zacks, “Eaton managed to beat first-quarter earnings and total revenue estimates, thanks to growth in organic sales. However, negative currency translations continue to hurt the company earnings.The gradual improvement in the end-market conditions and benefits from restructuring activities will drive its performance and help Eaton to achieve its new guidance for the year. Consistent R&D investments will help it to create new products and provide better electrical solutions to its customers. Shares of the company returned higher than the broader industry in the last twelve months.  However, negative currency translation is expected to have an adverse impact on the company’s results, as was the case last year. In addition, Eaton’s vast operation exposes it to cyber-attacks and security breaches, which could impact the operations of the company. “ ETN has been the topic of a number of other research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Eaton Co., PLC from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their target price for the stock from $75.00 to $70.00 in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Citigroup Inc increased their target price on Eaton Co., PLC from $80.00 to $86.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Longbow Research upgraded Eaton Co., PLC from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $88.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Eaton Co., PLC in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $73.00 target price on shares of Eaton Co., PLC in a research note on Sunday, March 12th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $76.15. Shares of Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN) traded up 0.10% on Friday, reaching $77.05. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 137,057 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average is $75.16 and its 200-day moving average is $70.30. The firm has a market cap of $34.46 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.95 and a beta of 1.32. Eaton Co., PLC has a 1-year low of $54.30 and a 1-year high of $79.31. Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.96 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.87 by $0.09. The company had revenue of $4.85 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.70 billion. Eaton Co., PLC had a return on equity of 12.56% and a net margin of 9.73%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up .7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.88 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that Eaton Co., PLC will post $4.64 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 5th will be issued a $0.60 dividend. This represents a $2.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.12%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 3rd. Eaton Co., PLC’s dividend payout ratio is presently 54.03%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) to “Buy”” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/zacks-investment-research-upgrades-eaton-co-plc-etn-to-buy.html. In other Eaton Co., PLC news, insider Richard H. Fearon sold 25,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $76.24, for a total value of $1,906,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 236,497 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $18,030,531.28. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director Deborah L. Mccoy sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.19, for a total value of $360,950.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 39,936 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,882,979.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 36,504 shares of company stock worth $2,748,068. Company insiders own 0.80% of the company’s stock. Several large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV increased its stake in shares of Eaton Co., PLC by 9.4% in the first quarter. Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV now owns 1,402 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 120 shares in the last quarter. Harfst & Associates Inc. purchased a new stake in Eaton Co., PLC during the first quarter valued at $109,000. Woodmont Investment Counsel LLC purchased a new stake in Eaton Co., PLC during the third quarter valued at $108,000. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America increased its stake in Eaton Co., PLC by 0.7% in the first quarter. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America now owns 1,742 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 12 shares during the period. Finally, Crestwood Advisors Group LLC purchased a new stake in Eaton Co., PLC during the first quarter valued at $137,000. 73.55% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Eaton Co., PLC Company Profile Eaton Corporation (Eaton) is a diversified power management company. It is engaged in the manufacturing of electrical components and systems for power quality, distribution and control; hydraulics components, systems and services for industrial and mobile equipment; aerospace fuel, hydraulics and pneumatic systems for commercial and military use, and truck and automotive drivetrain and powertrain systems for performance, fuel economy and safety. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Eaton Co. PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eaton Co. PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
a29eb80551ac44b25a763c3b5de24d508fb5f64c http://bostinno.streetwise.co/assets/21ef0e9b Boston Washington DC Chicago Austin Careers Events Our Events Events Directory Newsletters The Beat Sign In 1.5K SHARE JPMorgan Fuels $50M Round for LevelUp as Co. Transforms Into Payments Platform Say goodbye to LevelUp the app and hello to LevelUp the platform. The Boston startup on Tuesday announced that it has raised a $50 million TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE NOW READING by Dylan Martin JPMorgan Fuels $50M Round for LevelUp as Co. Transforms Into Payments Platform Communities Tech Lifestyle Careers Events Our Events Events Directory Newsletters Studio Sign In 1.5K SHARE JPMorgan Fuels $50M Round for LevelUp as Co. Transforms Into Payments Platform Say goodbye to LevelUp the app and hello to LevelUp the platform. The Boston startup on Tuesday announced that it has raised a $50 million TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE NOW READING by Dylan Martin JPMorgan Fuels $50M Round for LevelUp as Co. Transforms Into Payments Platform SHARE JPMorgan Fuels $50M Round for LevelUp as Co. Transforms Into Payments Platform Say goodbye to LevelUp the app and hello to LevelUp the platform. The Boston startup on Tuesday announced that it has raised a $50 million TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE LevelUp employees checking their phones. Photo provided. twitter facebook send via email SHARE JPMorgan Fuels $50M Round for LevelUp as Co. Transforms Into Payments Platform Say goodbye to LevelUp the app and hello to LevelUp the platform. The Boston startup on Tuesday announced that it has raised a $50 million TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE share JPMorgan Fuels $50M Round for LevelUp as Co. Transforms Into Payments Platform 1.5K Dylan Martin - Staff Writer, Tech 5/16/17 @9:00am in Tech 5/16/17 @9:00am Say goodbye to LevelUp the app and hello to LevelUp the platform. The Boston startup on Tuesday announced that it has raised a $50 million round — its largest fundraise yet — from JPMorgan Chase, CentroCredit Bank and wealth management firm US Boston as it transforms into a mobile payments and customer rewards platform for restaurants. This round brings total funding to $85 million. LevelUp's new funding round follows the December 2016 announcement that Chase Bank, a JPMorgan subsidiary, would use LevelUp to power aspects of its Chase Pay app to battle Apple and other big players in the mobile payments space. Related LevelUp's Massive New Round | Wayfair's New AI Feature  While LevelUp still provides its mobile payments and customer rewards app, the company is putting most of its focus into developing and supporting a platform for restaurant brands, as well as partners like Chase Bank through its Chase Pay app. After launching a white label service in 2012, LevelUp now powers the apps of more than 200 brands, including sweetgreens, Tropical Smoothie Cafe and Potbelly Sandwich Shop. The company also provides customer relationship management systems that give these brands ways to analyze customer behavior and engage with them. "A lot of our resources are geared toward growing the platform overall," Alex Shuck, director of marketing and analytics at LevelUp, told me. A lot of our resources are geared toward growing the platform overall. LevelUp, which is one of BostInno's 17 tech companies to watch in 2017, now has nearly 1 million people using its platform every month. Shuck declined to provide revenue figures but said the company has been experiencing strong year-over-year growth. The company's app allows consumers to order ahead at a number of restaurants to save time, make payments without a credit card and receive loyalty rewards with every purchase. Those features are the backbone of the custom app development services it provides for restaurant brands that want better ways to engage with customers. LevelUp now has 150 employees and plans to hire in engineering and support. While he did not provide any specific hiring numbers, Shuck said the company had about 85 employees a year ago — roughly half of what it has now. "We're continuing that kind of momentum," he said. LevelUp was founded in 2008 by Seth Priebatsch. It originally started as a social location-based gaming platform called SCVNGR and eventually pivoted to becoming a daily deals service and, ultimately, a mobile payments and customer loyalty app. Investors include GV (formerly Google Ventures), Highland Capital and Balderton Capital. FILED UNDER: LevelUp, News, startup funding Related News 17 Boston Tech Companies to Watch in 2017 (Larger Co. Edition) Eastern Bank Spinout Raises $9M to Help Banks Compete with Lending Startups New Money: RiskRecon Gets $3M GCP-Led Round, Lola Raises $19.7M Series A Placester Raises $50M Led by NEA as It Continues Triple-Digit Growth Facebook Comments (0) + Login to Comment Tweets The Beat Newsletter Boston tech news delivered to your inbox. Get It Most Popular Here Are 9 Boston Artificial Intelligence Startups to Watch 3.2K Lucia Maffei Why Allston/Brighton Is the Next Kendall Square 2.9K Mike Jezienicki and Ryan Hurd The State of Artificial Intelligence in Boston 2.2K Dylan Martin HubSpot Makes 1st Startup Investment to Fill an Inbound Marketing Blind Spot 2.2K Dylan Martin Coming to Greater Boston: It's Like VR Meets Laser Tag 1.9K Dylan Martin From Our Partners Join the BostInno Beat Get your Boston tech news, startup gossip, and event notices right in your inbox every day Join Today! http://wp.streetwise.co/wp-content/uploads//2015/08//BostInnoBeatNewsletter1.png center CLOSE SIGN UP FOR THE BOSTINNO BEAT DAILY NEWSLETTER SIGN UP OR mobile About BostInno Sitemap About Streetwise © 2017 Streetwise Media Work Here The Team Advertise Contact Us Terms Of Use Sites BostInno DC Inno Chicago Inno Austin Inno Categories Business Tech Education City News Sports Lifestyle Health & Fitness Series Series Directory Careers & Events Careers Directory Events Directory Sites BostInno DC Inno Chicago Inno Austin Inno Categories Business Tech Education City News Sports Lifestyle Health & Fitness Careers & Events Careers Directory Events Directory Series Series Directory About BostInno Sitemap About Streetwise Work Here The Team Advertise Contact Us Terms Of Use © 2017 Streetwise Media /assets/21ef0e9b
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Standard Chart Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chart Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cardiome Pharma Corp (CRME) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS David Evans Sells 3,251 Shares of Salem Media Group Inc (SALM) Stock Advanced Disposal Services Inc (ADSW) Receives “Buy” Rating from CIBC KemPharm’s (KMPH) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Ares Capital’s (ARCC) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Janney Montgomery Scott Sky Solar Holdings Ltd (SKYS) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.09 EPS Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Price Target Increased to $60.00 by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus James E. Hyman Acquires 15,000 Shares of Quinpario Acquisition Corp (JASN) Stock Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Stake Raised by Goelzer Investment Management Inc. Blue Buffalo Pet Products (BUFF) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Bank Mutual (BKMU) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.03 BioScrip (BIOS) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Blackrock Capital Investment Corp (BKCC) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.02 Karp Capital Management Corp Buys Shares of 25,563 Equinix, Inc. (EQIX) Karp Capital Management Corp Invests $9.145 Million in Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) Smith Salley & Associates Has $403,000 Stake in Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Waters Co. (WAT) Shares Sold by Parthenon LLC Qorvo Inc (QRVO) Given “Hold” Rating at Barclays PLC Stericycle Inc (SRCL) Downgraded by Robert W. Baird to Underperform $6.81 Million in Sales Expected for Horizon Technology Finance Corp (HRZN) This Quarter Standard Chart Plc (SCBFF) Stock Rating Upgraded by BNP Paribas May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Standard Chart Plc (NASDAQ:SCBFF) was upgraded by analysts at BNP Paribas from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report released on Friday. Other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Standard Chart Plc in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Bank of America Corp upgraded Standard Chart Plc from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Standard Chart Plc currently has a consensus rating of “Hold”. Shares of Standard Chart Plc (NASDAQ:SCBFF) traded down 0.51% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $9.79. 1,260 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock’s market cap is $32.09 billion. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $9.25 and a 200 day moving average of $8.89. Standard Chart Plc has a one year low of $6.88 and a one year high of $10.17. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/standard-chart-plc-scbff-stock-rating-upgraded-by-bnp-paribas.html. Standard Chart Plc Company Profile Standard Chartered Bank provides personal and business banking services such as loans and mortgages, insurance and investment. Receive News & Ratings for Standard Chart Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chart Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Eaton Co. PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eaton Co. PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Argos Therapeutics (ARGS) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Aramark (ARMK) Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Ardmore Shipping Corp (ASC) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Dane A. Drobny Sells 47,753 Shares of Groupon Inc (GRPN) Stock DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Has $1.52 Million Stake in Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) Stake Maintained by FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Kilroy Realty Corp (KRC) Shares Bought by Flinton Capital Management LLC Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Shares Bought by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Reduces Stake in Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (RARE) TiVo Corp (TIVO) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Investment Management of Virginia LLC Has $5.784 Million Stake in T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Raises Position in Exelon Co. (EXC) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Increases Position in NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Pool Co. (POOL) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Flinton Capital Management LLC Has $211,000 Stake in Barclays PLC (BCS) PVH Corp (PVH) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Boosts Position in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Zacks: Analysts Expect First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $19.45 Million Peoples Utah Bancorp (PUB) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Vicon Industries, Inc. (VII) Releases Earnings Results Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) to “Buy” May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report issued on Friday. The brokerage currently has a $86.00 target price on the industrial products company’s stock. Zacks Investment Research‘s target price would suggest a potential upside of 11.73% from the stock’s previous close. According to Zacks, “Eaton managed to beat first-quarter earnings and total revenue estimates, thanks to growth in organic sales. However, negative currency translations continue to hurt the company earnings.The gradual improvement in the end-market conditions and benefits from restructuring activities will drive its performance and help Eaton to achieve its new guidance for the year. Consistent R&D investments will help it to create new products and provide better electrical solutions to its customers. Shares of the company returned higher than the broader industry in the last twelve months.  However, negative currency translation is expected to have an adverse impact on the company’s results, as was the case last year. In addition, Eaton’s vast operation exposes it to cyber-attacks and security breaches, which could impact the operations of the company. “ ETN has been the topic of a number of other research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Eaton Co., PLC from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their target price for the stock from $75.00 to $70.00 in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Citigroup Inc increased their target price on Eaton Co., PLC from $80.00 to $86.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Longbow Research upgraded Eaton Co., PLC from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $88.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Eaton Co., PLC in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $73.00 target price on shares of Eaton Co., PLC in a research note on Sunday, March 12th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $76.15. Shares of Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN) traded up 0.10% on Friday, reaching $77.05. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 137,057 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average is $75.16 and its 200-day moving average is $70.30. The firm has a market cap of $34.46 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.95 and a beta of 1.32. Eaton Co., PLC has a 1-year low of $54.30 and a 1-year high of $79.31. Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.96 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.87 by $0.09. The company had revenue of $4.85 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.70 billion. Eaton Co., PLC had a return on equity of 12.56% and a net margin of 9.73%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up .7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.88 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that Eaton Co., PLC will post $4.64 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 5th will be issued a $0.60 dividend. This represents a $2.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.12%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 3rd. Eaton Co., PLC’s dividend payout ratio is presently 54.03%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) to “Buy”” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/zacks-investment-research-upgrades-eaton-co-plc-etn-to-buy.html. In other Eaton Co., PLC news, insider Richard H. Fearon sold 25,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $76.24, for a total value of $1,906,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 236,497 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $18,030,531.28. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director Deborah L. Mccoy sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.19, for a total value of $360,950.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 39,936 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,882,979.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 36,504 shares of company stock worth $2,748,068. Company insiders own 0.80% of the company’s stock. Several large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV increased its stake in shares of Eaton Co., PLC by 9.4% in the first quarter. Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV now owns 1,402 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 120 shares in the last quarter. Harfst & Associates Inc. purchased a new stake in Eaton Co., PLC during the first quarter valued at $109,000. Woodmont Investment Counsel LLC purchased a new stake in Eaton Co., PLC during the third quarter valued at $108,000. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America increased its stake in Eaton Co., PLC by 0.7% in the first quarter. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America now owns 1,742 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 12 shares during the period. Finally, Crestwood Advisors Group LLC purchased a new stake in Eaton Co., PLC during the first quarter valued at $137,000. 73.55% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Eaton Co., PLC Company Profile Eaton Corporation (Eaton) is a diversified power management company. It is engaged in the manufacturing of electrical components and systems for power quality, distribution and control; hydraulics components, systems and services for industrial and mobile equipment; aerospace fuel, hydraulics and pneumatic systems for commercial and military use, and truck and automotive drivetrain and powertrain systems for performance, fuel economy and safety. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Eaton Co. PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eaton Co. PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Standard Chart Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chart Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Argos Therapeutics (ARGS) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Aramark (ARMK) Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Ardmore Shipping Corp (ASC) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Dane A. Drobny Sells 47,753 Shares of Groupon Inc (GRPN) Stock DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Has $1.52 Million Stake in Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) Stake Maintained by FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Kilroy Realty Corp (KRC) Shares Bought by Flinton Capital Management LLC Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Shares Bought by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Reduces Stake in Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (RARE) TiVo Corp (TIVO) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Investment Management of Virginia LLC Has $5.784 Million Stake in T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Raises Position in Exelon Co. (EXC) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Increases Position in NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Pool Co. (POOL) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Flinton Capital Management LLC Has $211,000 Stake in Barclays PLC (BCS) PVH Corp (PVH) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Boosts Position in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Zacks: Analysts Expect First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $19.45 Million Peoples Utah Bancorp (PUB) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Vicon Industries, Inc. (VII) Releases Earnings Results Standard Chart Plc (SCBFF) Stock Rating Lowered by Investec May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Standard Chart Plc (NASDAQ:SCBFF) was downgraded by investment analysts at Investec from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report released on Friday. SCBFF has been the subject of several other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Standard Chart Plc in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of Standard Chart Plc from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, BNP Paribas upgraded shares of Standard Chart Plc from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold”. Standard Chart Plc (NASDAQ:SCBFF) traded down 0.51% on Friday, hitting $9.79. The stock had a trading volume of 1,260 shares. Standard Chart Plc has a 52-week low of $6.88 and a 52-week high of $10.17. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $9.25 and its 200-day moving average is $8.89. The company’s market cap is $32.09 billion. WARNING: This story was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/standard-chart-plc-scbff-stock-rating-lowered-by-investec.html. About Standard Chart Plc Standard Chartered Bank provides personal and business banking services such as loans and mortgages, insurance and investment. Receive News & Ratings for Standard Chart Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chart Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets Live Save Print License article Markets Live: Miners help ASX claw higher Patrick Commins and Myriam Robin facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Solid support for the miners and a broadly positive mood towards the banks helped the ASX overcome the drag of Macquarie and NAB trading ex-dividend. Sort posts by Newest Oldest 4:54pm on 16 May 2017 That's it for Markets Live today. Thanks for reading and your comments.        See you all again tomorrow morning from 9. 4:32pm on 16 May 2017 Shares struggled to hold onto strong gains in early trade but ultimately finished the session comfortably higher, as a solid showing from miners helped offset the drag of NAB and Macquarie trading ex-dividend. The ASX 200 added 12 points or 0.2 per cent to 5851, as CBA, ANZ and Westpac all climbed by around 0.4 per cent. Three in five stock in the top 200 were higher. The Aussie dollar was pretty steady at 74.3 US cents following the release of RBA minutes that failed to add anything to the idea that the central bank remains firmly on hold. While not exactly new, China's recent announcements around its construction of a new Silk Road helped lift the mood in commodities. BHP added 0.8 per cent, Rio 1.4 per cent and Fortescue 2.3 per cent. Energy names retraced their early gains following the overnight jump in oil prices. Woodside ended up 0.2 per cent, pacing the sector's advance. Qantas continued to soar, adding another 2.9 per cent, with its share price consolidating at nine-year highs. Telstra added 0.5 per cent, while Vocus lost 3.7 per cent. Woolies added 0.8 per cent, but Wesfarmers eased a little. In corporate news, Orica shed 3.4 per cent on the release of its interim profit numbers. Fairfax added another 3.1 per cent to $1.18, climbing closer to the new private equity bid of $1.20. Winners and losers in the ASX 200 today. Photo: Bloomberg 4:12pm on 16 May 2017 Last week, the world experienced an unprecedented cyber attack which hit over 200,000 victims in at least 150 countries through a ransomware hack. Victims included public services such as Britain's National Health Service and Chinese universities, as well as private corporations such as Fedex, Renault, Telefonica and Russian banks. In the wake of this worldwide hack attack, if we are using the correct technical term here, cybersecurity stocks jumped in overnight trade. The bad news was good news for these companies. For investors who reckon there is more juice in this trade, yesterday we mentioned that there's an ASX-listed exchange-traded fund called "Hack" that bundles up Nasdaq listed software firms operating in this space. Today, strategists from Societe Generale bring us a sample of European listed businesses to play the theme. They set the scene: According to IDC, global spending related to cybersecurity services, software and hardware reached $US74bn in 2016. IDC expects spending to reach $US100bn by 2020. That would represent an average annual growth rate of 8.3%, twice the expected growth in overall IT spending. The recent attack could be a catalyst for further investment in cybersecurity sooner rather than later on both the private and the public side (as in Belgium, where the government has already announced an increase in cybersecurity investment in the coming month). The European Commission is also working on a number of proposals. So which stocks? IBM, HP and Atos are among the largest vendors of IT security services across Europe, the Middle East and Africa (or EMEA - an awkward but standard regional split in financial markets). But their lack of dominance "shows also that the IT security services market remains highly fragmented and, more importantly, local". In France, the dominant player is Orange, which has created a dedicated unit to cybersecurity. The second largest vendor is the aforementioned Atos, with around 7 per cent market share, the SG analysts say. For the security aspects not entirely related to IT systems (such as ID cards, passports, and SIM cards), the SG team isolate Gemalto and Sophos as among the leaders.  Add some cybersecurity to your portfolio, SG analysts say.  3:54pm on 16 May 2017 The gloves are off in the brewing battle between a well known American activist investor and the Big Australian, writes BusinessDay columnist Elizabeth Knight: At around midnight on Monday in Europe, the giant activist shareholder publicly pushing for an overhaul of BHP Billiton's structure and assets, Elliott Associates, launched its second grenade at the Big Australian's board and management - this time with ominous claims to have the reinforcement of other large shareholders. The timing of the latest onslaught will have been clinical. A delegation from Elliott Associates will be front and centre at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch investment conference in Barcelona on Wednesday watching BHP's chief executive, Andrew Mackenzie, on the podium outlining his company's vision and performance. Team Elliott has plenty of form in being relentless in its efforts to push for change and this week's instalment is unlikely to be the last. The latest missive from Elliott, sent internationally to investors, brokers and media, is an aggressive assault on the board and management's strategy, performance and the billions of dollars Elliott says the company has lost from a series of poor investments, ill-timed, profligate share buybacks and even unsustainable tax avoidance measures. If the BHP board thought it had neutralised Elliott with a 46-page fightback proposal in which it argued the costs of Elliott's proposed changes outweighed any benefits, then it clearly underestimated this activist shareholder, which has a weighty history of forcing corporate change in other organisations in which it invests. "Current management's response to our value unlock plan has been inflexible and defensive, showing instead that they prefer to do nothing new to improve performance and to optimise shareholder value from BHP's first-class portfolio of assets," Elliott says. It contends the "current management's response" to Elliott's plan "is unconvincing and misses the point". Read more. f the BHP board thought it had neutralised Elliott with a 46-page fightback proposal, it clearly underestimated this activist shareholder. Photo: Jessica Shapiro 3:47pm on 16 May 2017 This morning's Reserve Bank minutes reveal but concerned they may have to cut rates if more Australians aren't able to get the jobs they want. Wage growth was expected to increase "gradually as labour market conditions improved and the adjustment to the lower mining investment and terms of trade drew to an end," ," the minutes said. But the minutes noted with concern that more than half the 145,900 extra workers taken on in the past year had been part-time. "The share of part-time employment in Australia, which had increased from around 10 per cent in the early 1970s to over one-third at present, was relatively high by international standards, especially for younger workers," the minutes said. In a signal that the RBA would be closely watching the next measure of so-called underemployment to be released by the ABS in June, the minutes said understanding the degree of spare capacity in the economy "required an assessment of the additional hours part-time workers were willing and able to contribute as well as the number of unemployed". "It suggests an increased focus on underemployment," JPMorgan chief economist Sally Auld said. "Essentially, this is the 'jobs vs hours' distinction – if hours rise, the underemployment rate should come down, but unemployment will be stable or higher. Unfortunately, data on the underemployment rate are only released on a quarterly basis, meaning that labour force releases for the months of March, June, September and December will take on additional significance." "We have been saying it since last year," Capital Economics forecaster Paul Dales said. "It's the high underemployment rate that's keeping wage growth low." "In order to assess how the labour market will influence the wider economy, you need to consider the additional hours part-time workers are willing and able to contribute." The ABS will release wage growth figures for the March quarter on Wednesday. The median forecast is for annual growth near the present record low of 1.9 per cent, putting wage growth below price growth of 2.1 per cent. On Thursday, the ABS will release the employment results for April. Philip Lowe, governor of the Reserve Bank of Australia. Photo: Patrick Hamilton Back to top 2:45pm on 16 May 2017 The S&P/ASX 200 remains a long way off the all-time high it hit before the global financial crises while many of the world's leading equity indexes are soaring to records. The S&P500 overnight closed above 2400 points for the first time. Meanwhile the tech-focused Nasdaq has set a new record in six of the past ten trading sessions. Both benchmark US indexes took only four years to leave the GFC behind. Germany's DAX had similarly recovered by the middle of 2012, and traded at its highest ever level on Monday. Also scaling new heights on Monday night were Britain's FTSE 100 and India's NIFTY 50.  The MSCI Emerging Markets index does buck the trend, having seesawed up and down over the past decade. While it's had a good year, it is still trading 19.1 per cent below the high it set in 2008. And so is the ASX, which is up 3.3 per cent this year. It is still trading 13 per cent below its GFC high, set in late 2007. The correlation between Australian stocks and emerging stocks isn't surprising, said AMP head of investment strategy and chief economist Shane Oliver. Australia, he said, tends to be "lumped in" with emerging markets due to commodity demand and Chinese growth - traits shared with many of the world's developing economies. These exposures have benefited Australian equities in the past. "The Australian sharemarket was an outstanding performer in the the decade before last off the back of the mining boom, whereas US and European shares had, by their 2007 high point, had just recovered from the tech boom. "So, our market had gone to a higher high, and so has found it hard to get back to those levels." Australia's relative lack of heavy exposure to tech stocks, and heavy exposure to resources, means the trends that have powered indexes such as the Nasdaq have acted to suppress local companies, said Betashares chief economist David Bassanese. Not that Australian investors haven't had anything to cheer about for the past decade. Australia's corporates pay out some of the highest dividends in the world - around double the proportion of revenues typically given back to shareholders by American companies. While this may mean limited reinvestment of revenues into the company, thus crimping future profits, it has meant the ASX200's total return index - which includes both dividends and capitalisation returns - has grown far more strongly. It recovered its GFC level in 2013. Read the full piece here. 2:21pm on 16 May 2017 The analysts at Citi seem to like TPG Consortium's latest bid for Fairfax Media, the publisher of this blog. In a note sent out yesterday, they note the $1.20 per share all-cash offer made by TPG to Fairfax's board on Sunday is at a "substantial premium to our fundamental valuation", making the offer "highly likely to proceed, although we do see scope for a higher offer from TPG Consortium". TPG is likely the only bidder, they note, as since first hearing of TPG's interest in Fairfax in Fairfax's own Australian Financial Review in January, no other bidders have emerged. As for the proposed Australian media ownership laws, they would give whoever buys Fairfax scope to cut newspaper costs, potentially through mergers with other media companies. Citi raised its price target on Fairfax to $1.20, and its rating to neutral, from its previous sell-rating.  Not that everyone loves the new deal. The chief investment officer of Fairfax Media's second largest shareholder, Martin Currie Australia's Reece Birtles, called on the publisher's board of directors to reject TPG Capital and Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan's new, all-cash $2.76 billion offer for the company, which he thinks undervalues Domain.  Meanwhile UBS analysts reckon TPG Capital can afford to pay about 5¢ per share more for Fairfax Media, they told clients in a research note.  In an interview with News Corp's The Australian, Fairfax director and fast food mogul Jack Cowin said while TPG's initial offer was "structurally non-aligned with reality", "now it's about focussing on the right price".  Fairfax shares are up another 1.5 per cent today, after yesterday's 6.5 per cent rise. They're currently trading at $1.16.  TPG has approached Fairfax Media with a higher offer, which Citi analysts say is "highly likely to proceed".  Photo: Louie Douvis 1:58pm on 16 May 2017 As we near 2pm the ASX is very narrowly clinging to this morning's strong start, with selling in NAB and Macquarie Group providing a heavy drag. Both stocks went ex-dividend today.  The index opened strongly but declined throughout the day, a trend not halted by the release of RBA minutes at 11.30pm. The drag is almost entirely due to the financials sector, with most other sub-indices of the ASX200 still in the black.  The Commonwealth Bank meanwhile is bucking the broader trend in financials, up 0.5 per cent. Resource stocks are also holding up, with BHP Billiton, South32, Fortescue and Rio Tinto all still trading solidly higher.  The index is currently up just 0.1 per cent - or 5 points - on this morning's start, suggesting it may end the day flat. The turnaround may be due to S&P500 futures, which are down 1.8 per cent off Monday's record close, suggesting some pullback is likely to take place in the US Tuesday trading session. The S&P500, along with the tech-heavy NASDAQ, both closed at record highs overnight.  The Australian market finished flat yesterday, but that doesn't mean it's a buy, wrote Bell Potter's Richard Coppleson. "I don't see the market as a buy here … no, it looks and feels like it's got a drop coming soon."  1:41pm on 16 May 2017 What's North Korean missile testing done for the financial markets in neighbour South Korea? Less than you might expect.  The South Korean won climbed to six-week highs early on Tuesday, as the dollar continued to weaken in global markets while a jump in oil prices improved investor risk appetite. The won was quoted at 1,118.1 against the greenback as of 0232 GMT, the highest intraday level since April 4. "The local currency gained strength following a strong Wall Street, which was boosted by the global oil price rise amid dollar weakness," said Ha Keon-hyeong, a foreign exchange analyst at Shinhan Investment Corp. He added that it was doubtful whether the won would strengthen beyond the 1,100 won per dollar level as foreign investors seemed to be selling local equities while the Federal Reserve's June meeting was also near. South Korean shares wobbled after notching another record high right after the market opened as foreign stock-selling offset support from upbeat U.S. stocks. The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) was down 0.1 percent at 2,289.02 points, still hovering near its record intraday high hit on May 10 when it reached 2,323.22. Offshore investors sold a net 65.9 billion won ($59 million) worth of KOSPI shares near mid-session, weighing on the index. Tech giant Samsung Electronics rose nearly 1 percent while Korea Electric Power Corp lost more than 3 percent. Decliners outnumbered advancers 522 to 280. June futures on three-year treasury bonds gained 0.02 point to 109.35. 0232 GMT Prev close Dollar/won 1,118.1 1,123.6 Yen/won 9.8502/63 9.8164 *KTB futures 109.35 109.33 KOSPI 2,289.02 2,290.65 North Korea said on Monday it had successfully tested a newly developed mid-to-long range missile on Sunday aimed at verifying the capability to carry a "large scale heavy nuclear warhead." The missile landed in the sea 97 km (60 miles) south of Russia. South Korea's military said it needs further analysis on the North's claim of technical advancement and that the possibility of the isolated nation mastering missile re-entry technology is low. The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) was down 0.1 percent at 2,289.02 points, still hovering near its record intraday high hit on May 10 when it reached 2,323.22 - North Korean missile tests notwithstanding.  Photo: Koji Susahara 1:32pm on 16 May 2017 There's been a lot of discussion lately on the unusual calm on global markets. One of your editors has some thoughts on the uncanny omen.  Last week the Vix index - the so-called "fear gauge" for Wall Street - ticked below 10 points in a widely remarked upon dip to almost 25-year lows. The immediate reason for the move lower was the French election, which settled on a markets-friendly candidate, Emmanuel Macron. The bigger factor is probably the lingering "central bank put" - or the expectation that central bankers will come to the rescue if things go really wrong. It's bumped up a little in recent days. But then again, so have sharemarkets. The list of major stock indices hitting records on Monday night is impressive: the S&P 500 and Nasdaq in the US; Germany's Dax; the UK's FTSE; Korea's KOSPI; and Taiwan's TAIEX. The MSCI World Index is also at all-time highs. Still, given that there are lots of things to worry about in the world - very high valuations, Chinese financial stability, Donald Trump doing something crazy, North Korea doing something even crazier, Brexit negotiations going pear shaped, and so forth - it does seem unusual that the volatility is quite this low. How unusual? Well, since 1990 we have had fewer than 10 days when the Vix dropped below 10 points, Morgan Stanley analysts say. Most of those days were in two years - in 1993 and 2006. And it's not just stock volatility that's very low, credit and currency markets are also becalmed, the analysts say. The Vix tracks "implied" volatility through options pricing over the S&P 500. It tells you how worried traders are about near-term volatility in the coming 30 days. But "realised" volatility on the benchmark US sharemarket index is also down to just 6.5 per cent, Morgan Stanley calculates. To put it in context, that's a level seen less than 5 per cent of the time since the mid-1990s, the investment banks reckons. A very low Vix is spooky; of the "it's calm, too calm" variety. Surely if nobody is worried then something terrible is about to happen - that's market psychology 101. The other omen is the last time we got this low on the Vix was in 2007 just before the GFC. Read the full piece here. Wall Street's Vix index fell below 10 and has seldom traded at such levels. Photo: Morgan Stanley Back to top 12:22pm on 16 May 2017 Hedge funds are giving up on the Australian dollar. Optimism has evaporated as the prices for iron ore, Australia's biggest export earner, plunged. Leveraged funds cut net long positions to 12,879 contracts in the week through May 9, the sixth straight reduction and down from as high as 53,601 at the start of March, according to data from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.  Rising Chinese iron ore stockpiles are fuelling concerns over the extent of the price rout, after the steelmaking ingredient hit a six-month low last week. The narrowing bond yield differential between Australia and the US, given expectations for a rate increase by the Federal Reserve in June, adds to the concerns that have made the Aussie the worst-performing Group-of-10 currency in the quarter. "With iron ore prices for September delivery loitering under 460 yuan per metric ton, any further leg lower would be a cue for leveraged funds to turn short on AUD/USD," said David Forrester, a foreign-exchange strategist at Credit Agricole CIB's corporate and investment-banking unit in Hong Kong. Iron ore stockpiles at Chinese ports rose 1.7 per cent to a record 134.25 million tonnes as of Friday, according to weekly data from Shanghai Steelhome E-Commerce Co. While the potential for Australia to report a current-account surplus in the first quarter may provide some relief for the currency, the impact may be temporary if commodity prices stay lower for longer, Forrester said. The march of the Fed toward higher US interest rates has also been a factor sapping optimism toward the Aussie. The face value of government securities is tipped to rise as high as $725 billion in 2027-28 from $540 billion in financial year 2018. Photo: Louie Douvis 12:10pm on 16 May 2017 RBA board members remain firmly on hold amid ongoing concerns about heavily indebted households, a weak labour market and soft wages growth that is unlikely to drive up inflation before 2018. In the minutes of their May meeting, when they left the official cash rate steady at 1.5 per cent, policy makers again indicated that their main focus is on jobs and the housing market, which has inflated sharply in Melbourne and Sydney since their last hike in August last year. "The board continued to judge that developments in the labour and housing markets warranted careful monitoring," the minutes say. With the jobless rate at a 13-month high of 5.9 per cent, and underemployment near all-time highs, board members said there was still "significant uncertainty" about measuring when the labour market might tighten enough to spur wage pressures. A lack of likely inflation from the labour market, as well as ongoing competition among retailers, is giving the Reserve Bank scope to hold off tightening borrowing costs for the first time since 2011. Simultaneously, the Reserve Bank remains wary of the housing market, even as it made no reference to signs of a slowdown across the biggest cities in April. Instead, it merely repeated its long-standing assessment that prices are rising "briskly" in some markets. The bank, led by governor Philip Lowe, has repeatedly argued that cutting rates further would only encourage more borrowing by households who are already heavily indebted, out-weighing any economic benefits. With wages growing at record lows, debt was outpacing incomes and threatening to weigh on consumer spending. "Subdued growth in labour costs and strong competition in the retail sector had continued to have a dampening effect on aggregate inflation," the minutes showed. "A fall in housing prices could also weigh on consumption growth." The RBA's angst over housing has convinced financial markets there will be no more cuts in interest rates despite weakness in the labour market. Futures market pricing implies almost no chance of any change in the benchmark rate this year. The dollar was little changed at US74.30¢ after the minutes were published, a sign market traders don't believe the minutes have moved expectations for rates in the near-term. Apartment glut is set to trigger a sharp slowdown in construction, putting 200,000 jobs at risk and prompting the RBA to slash rates to 1 per cent next year, the bank's analysts predict. Photo: David Porter 11:46am on 16 May 2017 Initial public offerings worth $2.4 billion are at risk as shares in discretionary retailers derate amid concerns about soft consumer spending and the impact of Amazon. Fund managers say proposed initial public offerings for Wesfarmers' Officeworks, Archer Capital's Quick Service Restaurant Holdings and Navis Capital Partners' Retail Apparel Group could be postponed or abandoned in favour of trade sales because investors are unlikely to value the companies as highly as vendors. Price earnings multiples for discretionary retailers have fallen on average to 10 to 12 times 12-month forward earnings, while vendors are still hoping to secure 14 to 16 times earnings from investors through initial public offers. "Retail IPOs have been caught in the crosshairs of medium-term concerns about Amazon but also soft short-term consumer data, which has led to a broad-based derating of the whole consumer sector," said Yarra Capital portfolio manager and head of Australian equities research, Katie Hudson. "The reset there is around growth, the presumption that previously they could roll out stores, they could generate earnings growth through those strategies, and now that's much more challenging," Ms Hudson said. "A broad-based comment is that we haven't seen a reset around vendor expectations," she said. "You can see evidence of that in the fact that we've only had one or two IPOs this year above $50 million, so it's more broad based than retail IPOs [and] what it reflects is that vendor expectations haven't been reset." Fund managers say Officeworks, QSR and RAG have some appealing characteristics, but vendor expectations are too high, especially after a spate of profit downgrades and poor sales figures from listed retailers and growing concerns about long-term prospects if Amazon's impact on the market is as material as that in the US. Arnhem Investment Management analyst Chris Tynan said Officeworks was a well-run business that dominated its categories and had invested ahead of the curve in digital, so it was better placed than some retailers to compete with Amazon. "But in the current climate realising the multiple they believe the business is worth might be more difficult," Mr Tynan said. "Twelve months ago it would have been a lot easier to sell." Initial public offerings worth $2.4 billion, including Wesfarmers' spin-off of Officeworks, are at risk following a derating of discretionary retailers. Photo: Supplied 11:15am on 16 May 2017 Activist investor Elliott Associates has indicated it will give ground on its campaign for BHP's dual-listing and its petroleum division, as it launched a fresh assault on the company's track record. Elliott had originally suggested BHP should demerge its entire US petroleum division, but other shareholders like Tribeca have since argued that the onshore shale portion of the division should instead be sold for cash. Speaking five weeks after its initial proposal, Elliott indicated it was open to other ways of fixing the petroleum division, and said it now believed an independent review of the petroleum business was warranted. "We recognise that there are a number of obvious possible solutions to unlock the latent value of BHP's petroleum business, including a sale or demerger of the US petroleum business and a sale or ASX listing for the Australian and other remaining petroleum assets," said Elliott in a statement. "Our preferred approach is a full or partial demerger of the petroleum business, but in any event the logical next step to unlock optimal value from that business is the strategic review which shareholders have every right to expect. "Elliott is now calling for an in-depth, open and timely independent review of the petroleum business with full disclosure of the review results." The comments come after Deutsche analyst Paul Young said BHP's best US shale assets could fetch $US9 billion at current market prices, but he also pondered whether the company may get a higher price if it waited a few years before selling them. Elliott also indicated it was open to revising its plan to collapse BHP's dual-listed structure and reduce its Australian listing to a CHESS depositary interest. "There is at least one alternative structure which is a solution to the regulatory concerns which have been raised in recent public feedback on unification; unified BHP could be incorporated in Australia as well as remaining, per our original proposals, Australian headquartered and Australian tax resident, and retaining full ASX and LSE listings." Paul Singer, president of Elliott Management Corp, has had many celebrated stoushes. Photo: Patrick T. Fallon 10:55am on 16 May 2017 The cost of housing bricks has soared by a third in just two years in Sydney as a construction boom has kept the NSW capital one of the world's most expensive cities in which to build.  Sydney's 33.1 per cent leap in the cost of 1000 standard bricks - from $590 in 2015 to $785 last year - was triple the 9.6 per cent gain seen in Melbourne over the same time, where the cost of the same material rose to $570 from $520.  The figures, contained in Turner & Townsend's International Construction Market Survey 2017, also show the clear effect the country's biggest-ever housing boom has had on the market for materials and labour in Australia's largest city. The cost of structural steel has jumped 17.1 per cent over the past two years to $2400 per sq m from $2050 while it has barely budged in other cities.  But the booming market has done little to alter the existing picture of a strong, if patchy, overall market dominated by Sydney. The NSW capital ranked ninth out of 43 markets surveyed in the quantity surveying firm's latest global comparison, with New York taking top place as the most expensive place in which to build. Melbourne came in 20th, Perth 21st (down from 18th position) and Brisbane 22nd.  And with Australia's residential housing blitz likely to hit a peak over the next 12 to 18 months, demand for some of those materials is likely to ease. It will be offset to some extent by rising demand for infrastructure-related inputs, but the timing and extent of those is unclear, said Turner & Townsend senior economist Gary Emmett.  "If the housing sector continues to slow down, then lower demand and lower costs might be expected for those residential finishing trades currently involved in residential apartment construction, for example, plasterers, tilers and carpet-layers, and joiners," Mr Emmett said.  Read more at the AFR. Red hot: brick costs have soared 33 per cent in Sydney over the past two years. Photo: Erin Jonasson Back to top 10:29am on 16 May 2017 Shares are enjoying solid and broad gains in early trade, as local investors take their cue from the upbeat overseas mood leading into the session. The ASX 200 is up 28 points or 0.5 per cent at 5867, with miners and energy names providing the most impetus following the overnight jump in oil and the generally optimistic turn in commodities. The gains are made more impressive considering the drag from a couple of banks trading ex-div. The Aussie dollar is consolidating above 74 US cents, last fetching 74.3. The next test will be RBA minutes due at 11:30am AEDT. BHP is up 1 per cent, Rio 1.2 per cent, South32 1.7 per cent and Fortescue 1.6 per cent. Woodside has climbed 1.3 per cent. Banks are also getting bought for a second day as the shock of last week's budget fades. CBA is up 0.6 per cent and Westpac 0.9 per cent. NAB and Macquarie are down 2.7 per cent and Macquarie 1.5 per cent, but that reflects them trading ex-dividend. The big names are all higher - Woolies, Wesfarmers, Telstra and CSL all enjoying support. Real estate stocks and retailers are among the losers. Westfield is down 0.5 per cent, while JB Hi-Fi has dropped 2.5 per cent and Harvey Norman 1.1 per cent. Winners and losers in the ASX 200 this morning. Photo: Bloomberg 10:11am on 16 May 2017 Coca-Cola Amatil has reaffirmed forecasts for a decline in first-half profits, indicating that beverage sales have not improved since the bottler downgraded earnings targets last month. Speaking at Coca-Cola Amatil's annual meeting in Sydney, group managing director Alison Watkins said underlying net profit for the six months ending June would decline and underlying net profit for the full year was expected to be broadly in line with that in 2016. "That said, our medium-term target continues to be mid-single-digit earnings per share growth," Ms Watkins said. Last month, CCA backed away from its promise of delivering mid single-digit earnings per share growth, saying trading in the Australian beverages unit in the year to date had been weaker than expected, with all channels experiencing volume and price pressure as consumers shifted away from sugary soft drinks. Rival Asahi, which makes Pepsi and Schweppes, has been aggressively discounting while weak foot traffic in shopping centres has crimped sales at small food and beverage outlets. CCA's market leading Mt Franklin brand is also losing market share to cheap private label bottled water. CCA's Australian beverages earnings have been falling since 2012 and volumes have been in decline since 2005 as consumers eschew carbonated soft drinks in favour of bottled water. In response to the shift away from sugary drinks, CCA has been rebalancing its portfolio, changing formulations of carbonated soft drinks to reduce calories and introducing new non-carbonated beverages such as Zico coconut water, Glaceau Vitaminwater and Fuze tea. But progress has been slow. Sparkling beverages accounted for 67 per cent of CCA's Australian drink volumes in 2016, down from 68.5 per cent in 2014, while still beverages accounted for 26 per cent of volumes, the same level as 2014. CCA's shares have nudged higher in very early trade to $9.64. Coca-Cola Amatil managing director Alison Watkins has reaffirmed that June-half profits will fall and full-year profits will be flat.  Photo: Daniel Munoz 9:56am on 16 May 2017 Oil jumped more than 2 per cent to its highest in more than three weeks, topping $US52 a barrel after Saudi Arabia and Russia said that supply cuts need to last into 2018, a step towards extending an OPEC-led deal to support prices for longer than first agreed. Energy ministers from the world's two top producers said that supply cuts should be prolonged for nine months, until March 2018. That is longer than the optional six-month extension specified in the deal. The ministers said they hoped other producers would join the cut, which would initially be on the same volume terms as before. Kazakhstan, however, said it could not join a prolonged reduction on the same terms. Global benchmark Brent crude was up $US1.24 at $US52.08 a barrel by 1.40pm in New York, having touched $US52.63, the highest since April 21. US crude rose $US1.26 to $US49.10. Oil traders were surprised by the strong wording of the announcement, though it remained to be seen whether all countries participating in the deal would agree with the Saudi-Russian stance when they meet to decide policy on May 25 in Vienna. The Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, Russia and other producers originally agreed to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day in the first half of 2017, with a possible six-month extension, in a bid to shore up prices. Oil has gained support from the deal but inventories remain high and rising output from other producers, including the United States, is keeping prices below the $US60 that top exporter Saudi Arabia would like. Some analysts said that US production could still threaten to disrupt the market balance unless the cuts were deepened. "We are of the camp that the extension cuts might not be enough - they might need to extend the cuts and to increase them to stabilise this market," said Oliver Sloup, director of managed futures at iitrader.com. Read more. An oil pumping jack, also known as a nodding donkey, operates in an oilfield near Ufa, Russia. Photo: Andrey Rudakov 9:45am on 16 May 2017 SPONSORED POST It's hard to be anything else but upbeat on risk assets at the moment, writes IG strategist Chris Weston: The mood on the street still doesn't fell overly bullish in any way, but look around the markets and we see new highs in the FTSE 100, DAX, S&P 500, NASDAQ 100 and new high in the MSCI World index should be in play this week. Emerging markets are flying too and attracting heavy inflows into equity and bond funds, while we are also seeing strong moves in the likes of the Mexican peso (+10.8% ytd), Polish zloty (+9.5%), Russian ruble (+8.7%) and Korea won (+7.5%). The EEM ETF (iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF) has highlighted this goodwill towards all things EM, gaining a further 1% overnight and rallying for a fifth straight day – despite the trend being mature stay long this market. We can see the Nifty 50 in India looking like a trend followers dream and trading at all-time highs, while in China we can see a bullish set-up in the Hang Seng (the highest levels since July 2015) and H Shares. It seems like an offshore move though and while the CSI 300 index still has had a reasonable rebound, there is some work to do. I'd be long any of those markets here, but the H-Shares especially looks compelling given the strong upside break through the April and May double bottom neckline and the technical target here is 10,800. Place a stop below yesterday's low of 10,336 and we still have a 2:1 risk-to-reward. We could explore other markets, but the point is there are great opportunity in global markets. These trending conditions are clearly not occurring in Australia and if traders are simply restricting themselves to the Aussie market they are missing out on generating increased returns for the portfolio.  Read more. Play Video Replay Video A big week for the AUD, USD With China still in the spotlight and expectations elevated for a hike in June from the Federal Reserve, this week's Australian economic data could be highly influential for the AUD. This video was produced in commercial partnership between Fairfax Media and IG Markets. 9:41am on 16 May 2017 New Zealand's housing market is the most over-valued among the so-called G-10 economies and the most at risk of a correction, according to Goldman Sachs. In research published this week, the investment bank said there is about a 40 per cent chance of a housing "bust" in New Zealand over the next two years, which it defines as house prices falling 5 per cent or more after adjustment for inflation. The report looks at housing markets in the G-10 countries -- those with the 10 most-traded currencies in the world -- and finds they are most elevated in small, open economies such as New Zealand, where house prices have rocketed in recent years. In Auckland, the nation's largest city, the average price has surged 91 per cent since 2007 to more than $NZ1 million. Goldman compares house-price levels across economies using three standard metrics: the ratio of house prices to rent, the ratio of house prices to household income and house prices adjusted for inflation. "Using an average of these measures, house prices in New Zealand appear the most over-valued, followed by Canada, Sweden, Australia and Norway," it said. "According to the model, the probability of a housing bust over the next five to eight quarters is the highest in Sweden and New Zealand at 35 to 40 percent." A graph in the report shows that New Zealand's probability of a housing bust is just above 40 per cent, while Sweden's is just above 35 percent. The risk of a bust in Australia is about 25 per cent. While residential investment in New Zealand and Sweden are high, immigration booms in both countries are supporting construction demand, Goldman said. As well, debt servicing ratios in New Zealand are fairly low by historical standards, due to record-low interest rates and "a modest consumer deleveraging cycle after the 2008-09 recession." New Zealand's central bank last week forecast house-price inflation would slow to 5 per cent this year from 14 per cent in 2016, and remain positive through mid-2020. Goldman said its model is "just one tool" and has "a few key drawbacks," including predicting housing busts too often. However, taking the model output and other data into account, "we see reason for some concern about house-price developments in the small open G-10 economies," it said. "Prices do appear overvalued and credit growth has been high -- traditional warning signs of real house-price declines." There's a 40 per cent chance of a housing price correction in New Zealand, Goldman analysts reckon. Photo: Fairfax Back to top Search pagination Current page Live Article Posts1 Next Live Article Posts2 Share via Email Post on facebook wall Share on Google Plus Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit 1 new post(s) available. View post(s) Dismiss Advertisement 182 comments Comment are now closed Sort comments by Oldest Newest HuffPost Australia The Australian Dream Is Toast Contains: External link Even Average Families Are Being Priced ... Contains: External link Most Popular The jobs that don't earn what you would expect Are you getting paid enough? Test your income by profession Anti-Trump movement has a new target: McDonald's Fries with that? The truth about your diet 'Debris field' found in search for plane missing in Bermuda Triangle Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Are you getting paid enough? Test your income by profession Coates Hire workers in danger of 'devastating' pay cut The jobs that don't earn what you would expect 'Debris field' found in search for plane missing in Bermuda Triangle Customers, not shareholders, to feel bank levy pain: Costello Canberra Times Hundreds of public servants face sack as Immigration outsources visa centres Man killed, three injured in crash near Goulburn Barr takes slow train to Sydney to prove case for faster rail Tempers flare at a White House under siege Gods cafe owner furious at demand to leave ANU premises The Sydney Morning Herald Bondi model admits to delivering cocaine to more than 1000 customers in his black Lexus Tempers flare at a White House under siege 'Substantial' soaking to end Sydney's sunny spell Are you getting paid enough? Test your income by profession Sydney's true 30-minute suburbs revealed The Age Are you getting paid enough? Test your income by profession The jobs that don't earn what you would expect Shopping centre in lockdown after armed robbery When the world is led by a child Coates Hire workers in danger of 'devastating' pay cut Brisbane Times Are you getting paid enough? Test your income by profession Council to forcibly sell homes to recover unpaid rates Palmer claims privilege more than 80 times in court White House in lockdown after person tries to jump fence What we need is a croc swimming up and down the Brisbane River WA Today Another Perth driver fined for driving too slow in the right-hand lane WA teacher indecently recorded students in stockings over three years Kalgoorlie man 'stole' $200k worth of gold from mine site Are you getting paid enough? Test your income by profession Perth woman dismissed as mentally ill while 'Lyme-like disease' debate rages Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tesoro Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesoro Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News salesforce.com, inc.’s (CRM) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Drexel Hamilton The Chefs Warehouse, Inc (CHEF) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Loop Capital Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Premier Oil PLC (PMOIY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Inotek Pharmaceuticals Corp (ITEK) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.36 Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Hemispherx BioPharma (HEB) Share Price Atlanticus Holdings Corp (ATLC) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Nike Inc (NKE) Receives Buy Rating from Nomura Target Co. (TGT) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Cellular Biomedicine Group Inc (CBMG) Given a $18.00 Price Target at Maxim Group Timmins Gold Corp. (TMM) Given New C$0.80 Price Target at Scotiabank Galmed Pharmaceuticals Ltd (GLMD) Given a $9.00 Price Target at Maxim Group Buffalo Wild Wings’ (BWLD) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) EVP Sells $338,370.48 in Stock HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) Position Cut by GABELLI & Co INVESTMENT ADVISERS INC. Gabelli Funds LLC Purchases New Position in Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Teton Advisors Inc. Invests $638,000 in Zagg Inc (ZAGG) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Decreases Position in Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA) Hudson Technologies, Inc. (HDSN) Position Held by Teton Advisors Inc. Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Raises Position in Badger Meter, Inc. (BMI) Tesoro Co. (TSO) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Tesoro Co. (NYSE:TSO) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report published on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Despite Tesoro’s first-quarter earnings beat, we are recalibrating our investment thesis on the downstream operator to Sell from Hold. In particular, weaker performance in its marketing unit and a tepid outlook for refining margins are key to our negative sentiment. While the marketing segment was hampered by unusually heavy rain in the West Coast, higher-than-normal refined product inventories led to lower margins. We also remain wary of the high manufacturing cost in California – where most of its refining capacity is located – and a drop in Tesoro's cash reserves. Last but not the least, the U.S. refiners are feeling the pinch of higher RFS costs to comply with new cleaner gasoline production rules. Given these headwinds, we see Tesoro as a risky bet that ordinary investors should exit.” Several other research analysts also recently issued reports on the company. Credit Suisse Group AG downgraded Tesoro from an outperform rating to a neutral rating and cut their price objective for the stock from $110.00 to $93.00 in a research report on Friday, March 24th. Citigroup Inc restated a buy rating and set a $104.00 price objective (down from $109.00) on shares of Tesoro in a research report on Saturday, April 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Tesoro from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and set a $99.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Royal Bank of Canada restated a hold rating and set a $99.00 price objective on shares of Tesoro in a research report on Thursday, April 13th. Finally, Simmons cut their price objective on Tesoro from $103.00 to $102.00 and set an overweight rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating, fourteen have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of $101.79. Tesoro (NYSE:TSO) opened at 81.96 on Wednesday. The firm has a market cap of $9.60 billion, a PE ratio of 13.66 and a beta of 1.69. Tesoro has a 12-month low of $69.49 and a 12-month high of $93.06. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $80.17 and a 200-day moving average price of $83.79. Tesoro (NYSE:TSO) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 8th. The oil and gas company reported $0.52 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.36 by $0.16. Tesoro had a return on equity of 9.07% and a net margin of 2.99%. The firm had revenue of $6.64 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $6.46 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $1.19 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 30.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that Tesoro will post $5.33 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/tesoro-co-tso-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research.html. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 19th will be given a $0.55 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 17th. This represents a $2.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.68%. Tesoro’s payout ratio is currently 35.95%. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in Tesoro by 2,273.3% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 8,913,506 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $722,530,000 after buying an additional 8,537,930 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new position in Tesoro during the fourth quarter worth $137,830,000. Boston Partners boosted its position in Tesoro by 42.4% in the first quarter. Boston Partners now owns 4,574,824 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $370,835,000 after buying an additional 1,361,943 shares during the last quarter. Artisan Partners Limited Partnership purchased a new position in Tesoro during the fourth quarter worth $115,598,000. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC purchased a new position in Tesoro during the fourth quarter worth $85,395,000. 87.89% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Tesoro Tesoro Corporation (Tesoro) is an independent petroleum refining, logistics and marketing company. he Company operates through three segments. The Refining operating segment refines crude oil and other feedstocks into transportation fuels, such as gasoline and gasoline blendstocks, jet fuel and diesel fuel, as well as other products, including heavy fuel oils, liquefied petroleum gas and petroleum coke for sale in bulk markets to a range of customers within its markets. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Tesoro (TSO) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Tesoro Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesoro Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Spark Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spark Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News PNM Resources Inc (PNM) Shares Sold by Century Capital Management LLC 9,189 Shares in DISH Network Corp (DISH) Acquired by Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Acquires 94 Shares of CNOOC Ltd (CEO) Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Invests $1.035 Million in Heron Therapeutics Inc (HRTX) Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Reduces Position in Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd (NCLH) Siliconware Precision Industries (SPIL) Shares Sold by Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Thornburg Investment Management Inc. Increases Position in FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) Century Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Sells 395 Shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (ASR) BMC Stock Holdings Inc (BMCH) Shares Sold by Century Capital Management LLC Century Capital Management LLC Invests $23 Million in SPX Co. (SPXC) iRobot Co. (IRBT) Shares Sold by Century Capital Management LLC Nichols & Pratt Advisers LLP MA Increases Position in Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. (JKHY) Iteris Inc (ITI) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.04 Per Share Empire State Realty Trust (ESRT) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Roper Technologies (ROP) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.33 Johnson Outdoors (JOUT) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Favorable Media Coverage Unlikely to Affect Provident Financial Services (PFS) Share Price Scott Welch Sells 3,902 Shares of Five9 Inc (FIVN) Stock Five Point Holdings LLC (FPH) Insider Michael Alvarado Buys 14,000 Shares Spark Therapeutics’ (ONCE) “Underperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Wedbush May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wedbush reissued their underperform rating on shares of Spark Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:ONCE) in a research report report published on Wednesday morning. They currently have a $28.00 price objective on the biotechnology company’s stock. ONCE has been the topic of several other research reports. Vetr downgraded Spark Therapeutics from a buy rating to a hold rating and set a $62.50 target price on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Leerink Swann initiated coverage on Spark Therapeutics in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. They set an outperform rating and a $85.00 target price on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $82.00 target price on Spark Therapeutics and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Jefferies Group LLC set a $59.00 target price on Spark Therapeutics and gave the company a hold rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Cowen and Company set a $75.00 target price on Spark Therapeutics and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the stock. Spark Therapeutics has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $68.31. Spark Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ONCE) opened at 56.80 on Wednesday. Spark Therapeutics has a 12-month low of $32.89 and a 12-month high of $65.99. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $54.82 and its 200-day moving average price is $56.09. The stock’s market cap is $1.77 billion. Spark Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ONCE) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The biotechnology company reported ($1.70) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($1.36) by $0.34. The business had revenue of $1.27 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.35 million. Spark Therapeutics had a negative net margin of 441.05% and a negative return on equity of 28.28%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business posted ($0.95) EPS. On average, equities analysts predict that Spark Therapeutics will post ($6.70) EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Spark Therapeutics’ (ONCE) “Underperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Wedbush” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/spark-therapeutics-once-underperform-rating-reaffirmed-at-wedbush.html. In other Spark Therapeutics news, CFO Stephen W. Webster sold 1,898 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $55.00, for a total transaction of $104,390.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 4,398 shares in the company, valued at approximately $241,890. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, CFO Stephen W. Webster sold 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $55.18, for a total value of $551,800.00. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 4,398 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $242,681.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 226,143 shares of company stock valued at $14,356,283 in the last 90 days. 9.60% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Pacad Investment Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Spark Therapeutics during the fourth quarter worth approximately $160,000. Highbridge Capital Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Spark Therapeutics during the first quarter worth approximately $227,000. Argentus Capital Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Spark Therapeutics during the third quarter worth approximately $293,000. Endurant Capital Management LP bought a new position in shares of Spark Therapeutics during the third quarter worth approximately $348,000. Finally, KCG Holdings Inc. boosted its position in shares of Spark Therapeutics by 9.4% in the first quarter. KCG Holdings Inc. now owns 6,247 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $333,000 after buying an additional 538 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 83.97% of the company’s stock. Spark Therapeutics Company Profile Spark Therapeutics, Inc is a gene therapy company. The Company focuses on treating orphan diseases. It has a pipeline of product candidates targeting multiple rare blinding conditions, hematologic disorders and neurodegenerative diseases. Its pipeline includes a product candidate targeting choroideremia (CHM), which is in a Phase I/II clinical trial and a product candidate for hemophilia A, which is in a Phase I/II clinical trial. Receive News & Ratings for Spark Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spark Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Silver Spring Networks Inc (SSNI) Given New $14.00 Price Target at CIBC Insider Selling: SpartanNash Co (SPTN) Insider Sells 1,182 Shares of Stock Prospect Capital Co. (PSEC) CFO Brian H. Oswald Acquires 4,453 Shares Nuvista Energy Ltd (NVA) Director Grant A. Zawalsky Sells 6,343 Shares EV Energy Partners, L.P. (EVEP) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Foundation Medicine Inc (FMI) Upgraded by BTIG Research to Buy Insider Selling: Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Insider Sells 333 Shares of Stock Aemetis Inc (AMTX) Director Buys $12,800.00 in Stock Acrospire Investment Management LLC Reduces Position in Heritage-Crystal Clean, Inc. (HCCI) Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Shares Sold by Acrospire Investment Management LLC Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Boosts Position in Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Sells 1,490 Shares of Regions Financial Corp (RF) Lear Co. (LEA) Shares Sold by Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Has $2.312 Million Stake in Hess Corp. (HES) Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Buys 22,568 Shares of Comerica Incorporated (CMA) AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Position Raised by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC RNC Capital Management LLC Has $561,000 Stake in Edison International (EIX) Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Sells 25,984 Shares of Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) PG&E Co. (PCG) Position Maintained by RNC Capital Management LLC RNC Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in Lincoln National Co. (LNC) Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.60 Per Share (AQN) May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp (TSE:AQN) – Investment analysts at National Bank Financial lowered their FY2017 EPS estimates for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp in a research note issued on Thursday. National Bank Financial analyst R. Merer now forecasts that the company will post earnings per share of $0.60 for the year, down from their prior forecast of $0.64. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/algonquin-power-utilities-corp-forecasted-to-post-fy2017-earnings-of-0-60-per-share-aqn.html. Other analysts have also recently issued research reports about the company. TD Securities raised their target price on Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp from C$14.00 to C$15.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a C$11.00 target price on shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Scotiabank reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a C$14.00 target price on shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a C$15.00 target price on shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, five have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of C$14.14. Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp (TSE:AQN) opened at 13.31 on Monday. The stock has a market cap of $3.65 billion and a PE ratio of 44.52. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $12.91 and a 200 day moving average price of $11.88. Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp has a 52 week low of $10.47 and a 52 week high of $13.36. About Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (APUC) is a Canada-based company engaged in owning and operating a portfolio of regulated and non-regulated generation, distribution and transmission utility assets. APUC’s operations are organized across three business units consisting of Generation, Transmission and Distribution. Receive News & Ratings for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hiscox Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hiscox Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank Canaccord Genuity Boosts Hiscox Ltd (HSX) Price Target to GBX 1,100 May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Hiscox Ltd (LON:HSX) had its target price lifted by Canaccord Genuity from GBX 980 ($12.65) to GBX 1,100 ($14.20) in a report released on Thursday. Canaccord Genuity currently has a sell rating on the stock. Other research analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. Shore Capital reiterated a buy rating on shares of Hiscox in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Stockdale Securities restated a neutral rating and set a GBX 1,060 ($13.68) target price on shares of Hiscox in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Macquarie restated an outperform rating and set a GBX 1,200 ($15.49) target price on shares of Hiscox in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Credit Suisse Group AG restated an outperform rating and set a GBX 1,180 ($15.23) target price on shares of Hiscox in a research report on Monday, January 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an overweight rating and set a GBX 1,125 ($14.52) target price on shares of Hiscox in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 1,101.27 ($14.22). Shares of Hiscox (LON:HSX) opened at 1190.60 on Thursday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 3.33 billion. Hiscox has a 12 month low of GBX 903.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 1,209.00. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 1,138.88 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 1,067.87. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/canaccord-genuity-boosts-hiscox-ltd-hsx-price-target-to-gbx-1100.html. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 20th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be paid a GBX 19 ($0.25) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This is a boost from Hiscox’s previous dividend of $8.50. This represents a dividend yield of 1.77%. In other news, insider Roberts S. Childs sold 100,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, April 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,126 ($14.53), for a total value of £1,126,000 ($1,453,465.86). Also, insider Colin D. Keogh purchased 1,289 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 30th. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 1,102 ($14.22) per share, with a total value of £14,204.78 ($18,335.85). Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 198,407 shares of company stock valued at $218,675,402. Hiscox Company Profile Hiscox Limited is a Bermuda-based insurer company. The Company is a holding company for subsidiaries involved in the business of insurance and reinsurance in Bermuda, the United States, the United Kingdom, Guernsey, Europe and Asia. It operates through four segments: Hiscox Retail, Hiscox London Market, Hiscox Re and Corporate Centre. Receive News & Ratings for Hiscox Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hiscox Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Derwent London Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Derwent London Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank Derwent London Plc (DLN) PT Raised to GBX 3,266 May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Derwent London Plc (LON:DLN) had its target price raised by stock analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc from GBX 3,250 ($41.95) to GBX 3,266 ($42.16) in a report released on Friday. The firm presently has a “neutral” rating on the real estate investment trust’s stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc’s price objective indicates a potential upside of 13.80% from the stock’s current price. Other equities research analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. Numis Securities Ltd lowered shares of Derwent London Plc to an “add” rating and lowered their price target for the company from GBX 3,164 ($40.84) to GBX 3,006 ($38.80) in a report on Friday, January 13th. Peel Hunt reissued a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 2,900 ($37.43) price target on shares of Derwent London Plc in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Liberum Capital reissued a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 2,575 ($33.24) price target on shares of Derwent London Plc in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Canaccord Genuity lowered their price target on shares of Derwent London Plc from GBX 2,610 ($33.69) to GBX 2,530 ($32.66) and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a report on Friday, February 17th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 3,200 ($41.31) price target on shares of Derwent London Plc in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating, one has given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 2,887.36 ($37.27). Derwent London Plc (LON:DLN) opened at 2862.00 on Friday. Derwent London Plc has a one year low of GBX 2,230.00 and a one year high of GBX 3,507.80. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 2,892.38 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 2,662.53. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 3.19 billion. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 9th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 4th will be issued a GBX 90.50 ($1.17) dividend. This is a positive change from Derwent London Plc’s previous dividend of $13.86. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 4th. This represents a dividend yield of 3.21%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Derwent London Plc (DLN) PT Raised to GBX 3,266” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/derwent-london-plc-dln-pt-raised-to-gbx-3266.html. In other news, insider Paul M. Williams sold 2,829 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 2,673 ($34.50), for a total value of £75,619.17 ($97,610.91). Derwent London Plc Company Profile Derwent London plc is a United Kingdom-based real estate investment trust (REIT) operating in central London region. The Company owns and manages a portfolio of approximately 6.2 million square feet located in over 15 villages in London’s West End and City borders and focus on middle market rents. The Company’s property portfolio includes investment property, owner-occupied property and trading property. Receive News & Ratings for Derwent London Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Derwent London Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Biffa PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Biffa PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank Biffa PLC (BIFF) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Numis Securities Ltd May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Biffa PLC (LON:BIFF)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by stock analysts at Numis Securities Ltd in a research note issued to investors on Friday. They presently have a GBX 260 ($3.36) price target on the stock. Numis Securities Ltd’s price target points to a potential upside of 36.13% from the company’s previous close. BIFF has been the subject of several other reports. Peel Hunt reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 255 ($3.29) price objective on shares of Biffa PLC in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 220 ($2.84) target price on shares of Biffa PLC in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, Beaufort Securities reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 235 ($3.03) target price on shares of Biffa PLC in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of GBX 233 ($3.01). Biffa PLC (LON:BIFF) opened at 198.00 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 189.26 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 183.44. Biffa PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 166.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 199.75. The stock’s market cap is GBX 495.00 million. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Biffa PLC (BIFF) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Numis Securities Ltd” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/biffa-plc-biff-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-numis-securities-ltd-2.html. About Biffa PLC Biffa plc is engaged in waste management business. The Company is engaged in collection, treatment, processing and disposal of waste and recyclable materials, as well as related work in the production and sale of energy derived from waste and the sale of recovered commodities, such as paper, glass, metals and plastic. Receive News & Ratings for Biffa PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Biffa PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Compass Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Compass Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank Compass Group plc (CPG) Earns Neutral Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated their neutral rating on shares of Compass Group plc (LON:CPG) in a report issued on Thursday morning. The brokerage currently has a GBX 1,520 ($19.62) price objective on the stock. Other research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the company. Kepler Capital Markets boosted their price objective on Compass Group plc from GBX 1,495 ($19.30) to GBX 1,560 ($20.14) and gave the stock a hold rating in a research note on Thursday, May 11th. Credit Suisse Group AG reduced their price objective on Compass Group plc from GBX 1,740 ($22.46) to GBX 1,715 ($22.14) and set an outperform rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Barclays PLC restated an overweight rating on shares of Compass Group plc in a research note on Friday, April 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price objective on Compass Group plc from GBX 1,665 ($21.49) to GBX 1,670 ($21.56) and gave the stock an overweight rating in a research note on Thursday, May 11th. Finally, Shore Capital restated a hold rating on shares of Compass Group plc in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 1,536.67 ($19.84). Compass Group plc (LON:CPG) opened at 1602.00 on Thursday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 1,540.62 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 1,459.96. The firm’s market cap is GBX 26.32 billion. Compass Group plc has a 52 week low of GBX 1,242.15 and a 52 week high of GBX 1,639.33. WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/compass-group-plc-cpg-earns-neutral-rating-from-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 17th. Investors of record on Tuesday, June 27th will be paid a GBX 61 ($0.79) dividend. This is a boost from Compass Group plc’s previous dividend of $11.20. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, June 27th. About Compass Group plc Compass Group PLC provides food and support services. The Company’s segments include North America, Europe, Rest of World and Central activities. The Europe segment includes Turkey and Russia. The Rest of World segment includes Japan. The Company delivers services in sectors, including business and industry; healthcare and seniors; education; defense, offshore and remote, and sports and leisure. Receive News & Ratings for Compass Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Compass Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES COMPANIES May 17, 2017 | Last updated 3 minutes ago usd---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: IPL Business Podcast UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Business Podcast Data Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Why gold fans should brace for higher prices Gold hits biggest fall since March Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Gold Rate Sectors20 Markets14 Automotives2 Banking1 Construction Employment Features General Investment1 Media4 Careers Energy57 Retail4 Shipping Technology7 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Dirhams & Dollars: Return of the ransomware... Dubai’s 3-day Super Sale begins on May 18 Barbara Bates takes reins as new CEO of Hotwire Aviation3 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Airports should rethink use of technology Dubai airports to see 100m passengers in 2017 EasyJet eyes bigger planes to keep costs down Economy5 Property1 GN Property top stories in Property Watch: Peak into Dubai's newest megaproject Hot investment prospect in Dubai: serviced homes Corporate clients drive demand for serviced apartments Money1 Dirhams and Dollars1 Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus World’s No 1 money fund faces pressure to cut inflows Owned by Alibaba’s Ant Financial affiliate, Yu’E Bao has since its launch about four years ago lured about 325m Chinese investors Image Credit: Bloomberg Alibaba Group Holding’s offices in Hangzhou, China. The group’s financial affiliate has seen its Yu’E Bao money market fund lure about 325 million Chinese investors since its launch four years ago. Published: 14:15 May 16, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Shanghai: China’s central bank is urging Alibaba Group Holding Ltd’s financial affiliate to reduce the maximum amount individuals can invest in its Yu’E Bao money-market fund to limit risks to financial markets, people with knowledge of the matter said. Yu’E Bao, the world’s largest money-market fund, will cut its current 1 million yuan ($145,000; Dh532,335) investment cap by more than half after receiving input from the People’s Bank of China, according to the people, who asked not to be identified discussing sensitive information. The limit may be imposed as soon as this month and will apply to new money inflows, they said. Owned by Alibaba’s Ant Financial affiliate, Yu’E Bao has since its launch about four years ago lured about 325 million Chinese investors, almost the entire population of the US, as it offered higher returns than bank deposits. The fund’s assets grew to 1.14 trillion yuan by March, topping the size of the JPMorgan US Government Money Market Fund. Yu’E Bao’s size has spurred concerns about its influence over the nation’s interbank market, where most of its money is invested, and where borrowing costs have soared to a two-year high amid the government’s renewed campaign against leverage. Moody’s Investors Service said in a note last week that Yu’E Bao has been putting more money into longer-maturity assets and liquidity risks will increase if that trend continues. The PBOC couldn’t immediately comment. A representative for Tianhong Asset Management Co, which is majority owned by Ant Financial and manages Yu’E Bao funds, said in a text message that transfers by customers into their Yu’E Bao accounts were currently normal, without commenting further. Ant Financial didn’t immediately return an email seeking comment. “An oversized fund carries significant systemic risks,” said Shi Lei, Beijing-based head of fixed-income research at Ping An Securities Co, adding that regulators were tightening oversight after big redemptions at some money-market funds last year. Riskier banks Yu’E Bao — which means “leftover treasure” — was made available through Ant Financial’s Alipay platform with no minimum investment or time frame, and can be used to make credit-card payments and buy products. About 99.7 per cent of Yu’E Bao investors are individuals, according to its annual report, rather than companies or financial intermediaries, as is typically the case at other Chinese money-market funds. Moody’s expressed concern about Yu’E Bao’s increased holdings of interbank negotiable certificates of deposit, which more than doubled in the first quarter, and included NCDs issued by China’s smaller and riskier banks. The fund has benefited from a government deleveraging drive that drove up borrowing costs and money-market fund returns. The average seven-day return for Yu’E Bao’s investors was recently an annualised 4.02 per cent, versus 2.52 per cent at the end of November, data from Tianhong’s website show. America’s recent experience with money-market fund regulation suggests any tightening move on Yu’E Bao could lead to unintendedconsequences. A US overhaul of the industry in October — meant to make money funds safer and more transparent in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis — sparked a $1 trillion (Dh3.67 trillion) exodus from “prime” money funds that buy certificates of deposit and short-term company IOUs. The outflows helped boost commercial paper rates to the highest level since the financial crisis and forced borrowers to search for alternative sources of funding. Alibaba set to enter Pakistan, signs MoU Pakistan on Tuesday signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU with Chinese tech giant Alibaba to promote the country’s worldwide exports by Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) through e-commerce. The agreement was signed by Pakistan’s Commerce Minister Khurram Dastgir and Alibaba’s President Michael Evans along with Douglas Feagin, senior vice-president of Global Business of Ant Financial, on behalf of Alibaba, Dawn newspaper reported. Alibaba Group’s executive chairman Jack Ma and Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif witnessed the signing ceremony during the PM’s visit to the headquarters of the company. “I am glad my meeting with Jack Ma at the World Economic Forum in January has come to fruition in the shape of the MoU we have just signed,” Sharif said. Under the terms of the MoU, Alibaba, Ant Financial and TDAP agreed to foster growth of worldwide exports of products by SMEs in Pakistan through e-commerce. Online and offline training programmes for the SMEs would also be conducted by Alibaba in a bid to assist the enterprises with on-boarding on to Alibaba’s platforms and optimising exports through e-commerce. — IANS More from Companies Nestle opens Dh530m factory in Dubai South Saudi Aramco said to make leadership changes Former SolarCity CEO Lyndon Rive to leave Tesla Facebook fined €150,000 by French data watchdog Twins become billionaires riding scooter draft Ford plans to cut about 10% of global workforce Elliott pressures BHP to ditch petroleum World’s No 1 money fund pressured to cut inflows tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNPakistan follow this tag on MGNWorld Economic Forum follow this tag on MGNChina follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessCompanies tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNPakistan follow this tag on MGN+ MGNWorld Economic Forum follow this tag on MGN+ MGNChina follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In CompaniesEmirates Transport announces profits of Dh182.4m Business Gallery Mohammad launches Marsa Al Arab project China’s home-grown C919 passenger jet takes off Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Nestle opens Dh530m factory in Dubai South 02Emirates Transport announces profits of Dh182.4m 03Saudi Aramco said to make leadership changes Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 13Images Mohammad launches Marsa Al Arab project May 15, 2017 2Images China’s home-grown C919 passenger jet takes off May 05, 2017 8Images Dubai’s next big mall gets into project mode Mar 16, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee World, UAE Markets Data OverviewGccEuropeAsiau.s. Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg 1d1 Wk1Mth1Qtr1Yr5Yr As on 2017-05-17 09:46:02 Currency Updates pair-currency Loading..No value Markets Currencies currenciesAgainst USDAgainst BHD Against EUR Against GBP Against PHILIPINE PESO Against SAR Against OMR Against QAR Against KWD Against AED Value % Change As on Events to watch May  2017 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 18 May Dubai City-Wide Super Sale, 18-20 MayCitywide 19 May Dubai City-Wide Super Sale, 18-20 MayCitywide 20 May Dubai City-Wide Super Sale, 18-20 MayCitywide Today Cannes Film Festival 2017Cannes, France Today World Telecommunication and Information Society Today10:00 AM Airport Show 2017Dubai International Convention & Exhibition Centre Dubai AirshowDubai Today11:00 AM Tango Dubai Festival 2017Meydan Hotel United Arab EmiratesDubai 18 May Cannes Film Festival 2017Cannes, France 18 May11:00 AM Tango Dubai Festival 2017Meydan Hotel United Arab EmiratesDubai 18 May07:30 PM Howzat - A Play Based in Modern Dubai!The Junction, Al Serkal, Al Quoz Dubai 19 May Cannes Film Festival 2017Cannes, France 19 May08:00 AM Comte De Bouderbala - Comedy ShowThe Auditorium, Dubai College United StatesDubai Most Popular on Gulf News Watch out: New UAE traffic fines soon How to get residence visa for parents What Mohammad said to Donald Trump Couple jailed for washroom hug and kiss Bad chicken taken off Dubai shelves No fine for drinking tea while driving: Police Dubai’s 3-day Super Sale begins on May 18 Why Abu Dhabi motorists won't have black points Cash-grabber arrested by Sharjah expats Close Recommended For You ‘13 Reasons Why’ book pulled from schools PUBLISHED ON May 17, 2017 Oleg, Soviet actor who defected to US, diesPUBLISHED ON May 17, 2017 Couple jailed for washroom hug and kissPUBLISHED ON May 16, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2017. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Unlock the Secret Deals You Didn't Know Existed Home | Street Talk Tags: Trump Administration | JP Morgan | Feroli | Trump | Miracle | Economic | Growth JP Morgan's Feroli: Trump Needs 'Miracle' to Hit 3 Percent Growth Goal (Dollar Photo Club) By F MCGuire   |   Tuesday, 16 May 2017 08:19 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    A host of economic landmines reportedly may prevent President Donald Trump from achieving the 3 percent economic growth he has promised. One economist bluntly predicts that the president would need a “productivity miracle” to hit the target. “Two stubborn obstacles stand in his way,” The Wall Street Journal reported. “The work force isn’t producing enough new workers, and the productivity of those working isn’t growing fast enough,” WSJ.com reported. “In the long term, an economy can’t expand faster than the combined growth rates of its working population and their output per hour. That combined number, in many economists’ projections for the next decade, is about 1.8%. This is also the long-run growth rate projected for the economy by Federal Reserve officials,” the Journal reported. “Mr. Trump’s advisers say their policies can deliver 3% to 4% growth year after year, the kind of prosperity the U.S. saw during the 1980s and 1990s—in effect expanding what is considered the economy’s long-term potential,” the Journal reported. Without faster growth in workers, the labor force would need to churn out goods and services much more productively to give the economy room to grow at a 3%-a-year rate over an extended period. The trend is the opposite. Workers’ output per hour in the nonfarm business sector has been increasing only by 0.7% a year since 2010. Many economists see that picking up in coming months, perhaps doubling. Meeting Trump’s objective, though, would need “the type of growth we often refer to as productivity miracles,” said Michael Feroli, chief U.S. economist at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. With the unemployment rate now at 4.4% and operating at a level economists consider to be “full employment,” meaning the economy produces as many jobs as it can without spurring inflation, the labor market provides little room for the kind of economic surge that marked the 1980s. “Strong growth during the Reagan years was driving unemployment from 10% to full employment. We can’t do that trick again,” said Joel Prakken, senior managing director of Macroeconomic Advisers, a forecasting firm. Meanwhile, many other respected economic voices are predicting robust growth and additional stock-market gains amid Trump's blueprint to truly "Make America Great Again." David Horowitz, author of the best-selling book "Big Agenda: President Trump's Plan to Save America," told Newsmax TV that the market rally since Republican Donald Trump won the election has more room for gains as the president pushes his pro-business agenda. “There's more upside. Starting from when he was president-elect he started this stock market boom,” he told Newsmax TV's “The Income Generation Show.” “There will be corrections. There are going to be setbacks along the way like the healthcare which they hurried too fast. If you're looking over the long term of this administration I think the stock market is going to love Trump,” Horowitz said. Horowitz said the president will push forward with tax cuts and regulatory changes promised during the election. “I don't think Trump's agenda is going to be stopped in its tracks. What people forget, I mean, it's all this inside-the-beltway chatter, all of it hysterical. The anti-Trump forces are truly deranged. You can't forget how he resonates with the people,” Horowitz said on "The Income Generation," which airs on Newsmax TV every Sunday at 10 am ET. (Newsmax wires services the Associated Press, Bloomberg and Reuters contributed to this report). Related Stories: Fitch: North America Sovereign Outlook Stable, Larger Deficits Under Trump Fitch: Negative Bond Yields Take $24 Billion a Year From Investors FT: Fitch Predicts Dismal Growth but No Global Recession Fitch Warns Trump Poses Risk to Global Economy © 2017 Newsmax Finance. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk A host of economic landmines reportedly may prevent President Donald Trump from achieving the 3 percent economic growth he has promised. JP Morgan, Feroli, Trump, Miracle, Economic, Growth 560 Tuesday, 16 May 2017 08:19 AM 2017-19-16 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented US, China Agree to First Trade Steps Under 100-day Plan Friday, 12 May 2017 | 24 comments I agree its time Bill Clinton went away and took the master crook Hillary... Employers Beware: About 63 Percent of U.S. Workers Are Open to Leaving Monday, 15 May 2017 | 19 comments And yet, we still have 36.7% of working age adults without jobs. Maybe we... Zell: 'Extraordinary Opportunity' for Trump to Revive Economy Obama Killed Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 14 comments Yes...if he can get the Republicans to focus on what's right for the... ACA Exchanges Grow Thinner with Aetna Leaving for 2018 Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 14 comments Where was any discussion of Medical Coverage before Muslim-Care (OK... Oil Jumps as Saudi Arabia Voices Support for OPEC Deal Extension Monday, 15 May 2017 | 12 comments There is more oil in the ground then the Oil industries will let on... If... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Unlock the Secret Deals You Didn't Know Existed Home | Economy Tags: Wall Street | Trump | Breaking | Up | Banks Forget Trump's Bank Breakup Talk. Wall Street Is Writing a Wish List (Dollar Photo Club) Tuesday, 16 May 2017 07:57 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    On the first day of May, Donald Trump sat in the Oval Office and declared that his administration was taking a look at breaking up Wall Street’s biggest banks. If they ever took him seriously, it didn’t last. Instead of cowering, Wall Street executives and lobbyists are crowing, getting more confident about ditching rules that have annoyed them for years. That’s because the Trump administration is appointing friendly regulators and signaling it will make life easier for bankers. “Break up the banks? That ain’t going to happen,” said Rick Hohlt, who has advised and lobbied for lenders including Citigroup Inc. for three decades. “You need legislation to do that. And the chance of that is about zero.” Two weeks after Trump’s threat, Wall Street’s hopes are high. The biggest U.S. banks want him to relax capital requirements that limit their leverage, lighten up on stress tests designed to help them survive another crisis and weaken the Volcker Rule that stops them from placing speculative bets -- something the administration is already taking steps to do. 21st Century Their confidence doesn’t stop there. Some executives think that if the White House really does push for a sequel to Glass-Steagall -- the 1933 law that separated commercial and investment banking and was partly repealed 66 years later -- the new version would just scrap rules for smaller banks without breaking up large ones. Since taxpayer bailouts saved the financial system from toppling in 2008, some of the nation’s biggest banks have grown even bigger. JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Bank of America Corp. now have more than $2 trillion of assets each, and Wells Fargo & Co. isn’t far behind. Even Citigroup, which received the most generous bailout, still wields about $1.8 trillion. Trump, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and economic adviser Gary Cohn have all endorsed a “21st century” version of Glass-Steagall without explaining what they mean. In the interview this month, Trump told Bloomberg News that bank breakups were under consideration. “I’m looking at that right now as we speak,” he said. Tim Pawlenty, who runs the Financial Services Roundtable, a Wall Street lobbying group, doesn’t think the administration is really talking about Glass-Steagall when it refers to it. “Following the president’s remarks on the topic, Gary Cohn clarified the administration’s view of a modern-day Glass-Steagall is a two-tiered approach to regulation in which smaller banks would receive some regulatory relief,” said the former Minnesota governor, whose group represents banks including Bank of America, Citigroup and JPMorgan, the firm that spun off Morgan Stanley because of the original law. Diced Up Executives at three of the six biggest banks were on the same page, saying they’d be happy if Trump loosened rules for smaller lenders and sold it as a new and improved Glass-Steagall. It would be a nicer fate for those institutions than getting diced up or having to ring-fence consumer banking from trading operations. On the same day Trump made his breakup threat, Sean Spicer, his spokesman, said a 21st century Glass-Steagall would allow smaller banks to “spend less time complying with unnecessary requirements.” A spokeswoman for Cohn said he supports tailoring regulation according to bank size. But Wall Street’s biggest firms also want Trump to roll back regulations that bother them. High up on their wish list is Volcker, the rule in the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act that limits how they trade with their own money and invest in private equity and hedge funds. On May 8, at a meeting behind closed doors in Washington, Mnuchin told five regulatory agencies to reexamine what’s allowed under Volcker, according to two people familiar with the sit-down. It was a step that could give banks the flexibility to trade without getting into trouble. Banks also want the stress tests required by Dodd-Frank to be easier and less frequent. Trump said this year he expects “to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” Friendly Regulators Bankers know it won’t be easy to gut that law in Congress, where House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling’s Financial Choice Act is facing resistance from some members of his own party. But they’re confident friendly appointees will relax rules even if Congress doesn’t change them. Mnuchin, his counselors Justin Muzinich and Craig Phillips, Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Jay Clayton, acting Comptroller of the Currency Keith Noreika and Randy Quarles, said to be Trump’s pick for top regulator at the Federal Reserve, have all worked at big banks or for them. The shift from clashing with regulators to working with them isn’t lost on lobbyist Sam Geduldig, a partner at CGCN Group in Washington, whose clients include Goldman Sachs Group Inc. “This is night and day,” the former top aide on the House Financial Services Committee said. He added that the industry always takes a president’s words on big issues seriously but there’s been no appetite on the Hill for reviving Glass-Steagall. Wall Street’s critics won’t be shocked if Trump ends up deregulating banks after dangling the prospect of breaking them apart. Art Wilmarth, who teaches banking law at George Washington University Law School, thinks investment and commercial banking won’t be divided before another fiasco hits. “It’s going to take another significant disruptive event, which could lead people to think, ‘Oh gosh, we really have to do something to control the risks,’” said Wilmarth, who was a consultant to the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission. “I hope it won’t be another full-blown crisis.” © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Economy Bankers expect to get rules changed on Volcker, stress tests; ‘21st century’ Glass-Steagall may not be what it sounds like Wall Street, Trump, Breaking, Up, Banks 906 Tuesday, 16 May 2017 07:57 AM 2017-57-16 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented US, China Agree to First Trade Steps Under 100-day Plan Friday, 12 May 2017 | 24 comments I agree its time Bill Clinton went away and took the master crook Hillary... Employers Beware: About 63 Percent of U.S. Workers Are Open to Leaving Monday, 15 May 2017 | 19 comments And yet, we still have 36.7% of working age adults without jobs. Maybe we... Zell: 'Extraordinary Opportunity' for Trump to Revive Economy Obama Killed Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 14 comments Yes...if he can get the Republicans to focus on what's right for the... ACA Exchanges Grow Thinner with Aetna Leaving for 2018 Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 14 comments Where was any discussion of Medical Coverage before Muslim-Care (OK... Oil Jumps as Saudi Arabia Voices Support for OPEC Deal Extension Monday, 15 May 2017 | 12 comments There is more oil in the ground then the Oil industries will let on... If... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Argos Therapeutics (ARGS) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Aramark (ARMK) Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Ardmore Shipping Corp (ASC) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Dane A. Drobny Sells 47,753 Shares of Groupon Inc (GRPN) Stock DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Has $1.52 Million Stake in Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) Stake Maintained by FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Kilroy Realty Corp (KRC) Shares Bought by Flinton Capital Management LLC Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Shares Bought by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Reduces Stake in Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (RARE) TiVo Corp (TIVO) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Investment Management of Virginia LLC Has $5.784 Million Stake in T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Raises Position in Exelon Co. (EXC) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Increases Position in NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Pool Co. (POOL) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Flinton Capital Management LLC Has $211,000 Stake in Barclays PLC (BCS) PVH Corp (PVH) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Boosts Position in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Zacks: Analysts Expect First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $19.45 Million Peoples Utah Bancorp (PUB) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Vicon Industries, Inc. (VII) Releases Earnings Results Deutsche Bank AG Downgrades General Electric Company (GE) to Sell May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) was downgraded by research analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note issued on Friday. They presently have a $24.00 target price on the conglomerate’s stock, down from their previous target price of $28.00. Deutsche Bank AG’s target price points to a potential downside of 14.83% from the stock’s current price. Several other brokerages have also recently weighed in on GE. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $29.00 target price on General Electric Company and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. Stifel Nicolaus set a $34.00 target price on General Electric Company and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $37.00 target price on shares of General Electric Company in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Sanford C. Bernstein set a $38.00 target price on General Electric Company and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Vetr cut General Electric Company from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $33.56 target price for the company. in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $31.73. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) opened at 28.18 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $244.71 billion, a P/E ratio of 28.70 and a beta of 1.20. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $29.50 and its 200-day moving average price is $30.23. General Electric Company has a one year low of $27.85 and a one year high of $33.00. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) last issued its earnings results on Friday, April 21st. The conglomerate reported $0.21 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.17 by $0.04. General Electric Company had a return on equity of 15.99% and a net margin of 6.86%. The business had revenue of $27.66 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $26.37 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.21 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down .7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts forecast that General Electric Company will post $1.63 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/deutsche-bank-ag-downgrades-general-electric-company-ge-to-sell.html. In other General Electric Company news, Chairman Jeffrey R. Immelt bought 100,000 shares of General Electric Company stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 15th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $28.07 per share, with a total value of $2,807,000.00. Following the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 2,561,926 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $71,913,262.82. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Marijn E. Dekkers bought 20,000 shares of General Electric Company stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 24th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $29.90 per share, for a total transaction of $598,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 1,000 shares in the company, valued at $29,900. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Corporate insiders own 0.23% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. NBW Capital LLC purchased a new position in shares of General Electric Company during the third quarter worth $2,853,000. Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd raised its position in shares of General Electric Company by 5.5% in the fourth quarter. Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd now owns 4,075,563 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $128,787,000 after buying an additional 211,742 shares in the last quarter. Discovery Capital Management LLC CT purchased a new position in shares of General Electric Company during the fourth quarter worth $29,719,000. Roundview Capital LLC raised its position in shares of General Electric Company by 2.0% in the fourth quarter. Roundview Capital LLC now owns 76,472 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $2,417,000 after buying an additional 1,515 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Leisure Capital Management raised its position in shares of General Electric Company by 0.3% in the third quarter. Leisure Capital Management now owns 68,894 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $2,041,000 after buying an additional 188 shares in the last quarter. 54.68% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About General Electric Company Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Spanish banks show interest in merger with struggling Popular Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Tue May 16, 2017 | 12:17pm EDT Spanish banks show interest in merger with struggling Popular FILE PHOTO: The logo of Banco Popular is seen on its headquarter in Lisbon, Portugal, March 17, 2016. REUTERS/Rafael Marchante/File Photo By Jesús Aguado and Angus Berwick | MADRID MADRID Several Spanish banks, including state-owned Bankia (BKIA.MC), have shown interest in a potential merger with Banco Popular (POP.MC), as its new management considers options for how to cope with billions of euros in toxic assets. Popular's new chairman Emilio Saracho, brought in in February, has said he would consider a merger as the solution to the bank's 37 billion euros ($41 billion) of non-performing real estate assets, the highest among Spanish banks. Spanish banks have already undergone huge consolidation since the country's financial crisis, with just 14 left from 55 in 2008, but Popular remains the weak spot since it has been unable to sell off its assets fast enough. Popular, Spain's sixth largest bank, said on Tuesday that all groups had to declare preliminary interest in a merger by Tuesday evening. Any such declarations were not binding but were needed for it to analyze its options, it said in a statement. A source familiar with the deal said all the big Spanish banks had been looking over the past weekend at Banco Popular's balance sheet before potentially expressing their interest. "We have all been looking at risk files, at different samples of assets, including foreclosed assets, and commercial data and now we have been asked to put in a price and structure for the deal," this source said. Spain's economy minister said on Tuesday that Bankia was one of several Spanish banks analyzing a potential merger with Popular. Analysts say a merger between Popular and Bankia would be complementary and create a domestic giant that would rival Spain's three largest banks: Banco Santander (SAN.MC), BBVA (BBVA.MC) and Caixabank (CABK.MC). Bankia, Spain's fourth largest bank, has bounced back from huge losses on property assets after they were transferred to an external 'bad bank' backed by the state, and now has the highest core capital ratio among listed lenders. Spanish banking sources said Santander and BBVA were looking at Popular, and both banks' chief executives said during their last results that they would analyze opportunities in their home market, though both said they were focused on organic growth. Two banking sources said that BBVA had approached former Banco Popular chairman Angel Ron in November about a potential tie-up. Representatives for Santander and BBVA declined to comment. MORE CONSOLIDATION A Popular spokesman said the bank had hired JPMorgan and Lazard to advise it on its strategic options, which include either a merger or another capital increase after it raised 2.5 billion euros last year. Popular shares have fallen around 62 percent over the past year and are the worst performers on the European STOXX banking index .SX7P, which analysts say could encourage potential competitors to make an offer given its cheap price. Bankia is unable to close deals until June due to restrictions on acquisitions from its 22-billion-euro state bailout in 2012, but a spokeswoman said it could express interest beforehand. "Bankia is an important entity, which is very healthy, has a lot of capital and a good management team. The information I have is that it is analyzing Banco Popular's situation, like the others," Economy Minister Luis de Guindos told reporters in Barcelona. Caixabank (CABK.MC) and Banco Sabadell (SABE.MC), which have both made informal approaches to Popular in the past, say they are now focused respectively on integrating Portuguese lender BPI (BBPI.LS) and British TSB. However, last week Saracho, Popular's chairman, asked Sabadell to look again at Popular's balance sheet in case it was interested, according to a source familiar with the situation. Caixabank and Sabadell representatives declined to comment. Popular has undergone three leadership shake-ups since last July and reported a 3.6-billion-euro loss for 2016. Earlier this month it said it was looking at selling off its non-strategic assets to boost its capital, although analysts say this is probably not enough to cover the shortfall. (Additional reporting by Andres Gonzalez in Madrid and Pamela Barbaglia in London; Editing by Sarah White/Keith Weir/Susan Fenton) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Deals Merck KGaA considers making divisions legally separate subsidiaries FRANKFURT Germany's Merck KGaA is considering shifting its chemicals, healthcare and biotech supplies operations into separate subsidiaries next year to better manage its diversified businesses. Shanghai Pharma says may submit rival bid for Germany's Stada SHANGHAI Shanghai Pharmaceutical Holding Co Ltd said it may bid for Stada Arzneimittel AG - a move that would pit it against buyout firms Bain and Cinven which have made a joint offer of nearly $6 billion for the German generics drugmaker. Lloyds new era begins as government sells off final shares LONDON Britain has sold its last remaining stake in Lloyds Banking Group , making the lender the first to re-emerge from British state ownership in a symbolic step for the country's recovering banking sector. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Latest News Dow 20,980 -2.19 -0.01% Nasdaq 6,170 +20.20 +0.33% S&P 500 2,401 -1.65 -0.07% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens lower by 0.8% to 12,704 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens lower by 0.7% at 5,368.46 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens lower by 0.4% at 7,491.28 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens lower by 0.5% at 393.86 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The pound faces these hurdles as it battles to reclaim $1.30 2:50 A.M. ET FTSE 100 futures down 0.3% as U.S. stock futures drop 2:49 A.M. ET DAX 30, CAC 40 index futures down 0.5% as U.S. futures drop 2:46 A.M. ET Euro trading above $1.11 for first time since November 2:38 A.M. ET Opinion 3 ways Macron could change the eurozone for the better 2:38 A.M. ET Lloyds Bank returns to private ownership 2:37 A.M. ET Foxtons revenue falls 25%, but in line with view 2:23 A.M. ET ABN AMRO profit up 30%; progress made on targets 1:33 A.M. ET U.S. stock futures under pressure amid fresh concerns over Trump 1:00 A.M. ET June gold futures up $6.90, or 0.6%, to $1,243.30 an ounce 1:00 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures fall 25.25 points, or 0.4%, to 5,699 1:00 A.M. ET DJIA futures down 96 points, or 0.5%, to 20,839 12:59 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures down 12.35 points, or 0.5%, to 2,384.75 12:59 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures down 12.35 points, or 0.5%, to 2,384.75 12:59 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures down 12.35 points, or 0.5%, to 2,384.75 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices under pressure amid fresh concerns about U.S. supply Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Zamir Equities Acquires One Lincoln Center, 305,594 Square Foot, Class A, Office Building In Downtown Syracuse, New York, CBD By Published: May 16, 2017 6:00 a.m. ET Share NEW YORK, May 16, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Zamir Equities has successfully completed the acquisition of One Lincoln Center, 110 West Fayette Street, in the heart of Syracuse, New York’s, Downtown Central Business District (CBD). Built in 1970, One Lincoln Center is a 305,594-square foot, multi-tenanted, Class A, office building, within proximity to the Federal Building, County Courthouse, Civic and Convention Center, and steps from trendy Armory Square. One Lincoln Center recently experienced a $10 million renovation, including a new lobby, common area upgrades, fitness center, start of the art conference center, elevator modernization, roof replacement, and additional major upgrades, including the building’s HVAC/Mechanical, sidewalk, façade, and restrooms. With credit-grade tenants, and long-term leases, One Lincoln Center is anchored by Bond, Schoeneck & King Law Firm; Arcadis; Bousquet & Holstein Law Firm; Grossman-St. Armour CPAs; CadaretGrant; and JPMorgan Chase. “This is our first commercial real estate investment in Syracuse, and we are pleased to become an active part of Syracuse’s CBD renaissance,” said Asher Zamir, Founder and Chairman, Zamir Equities. “As part of New York Governor Andrew Cuomo’s $1.5-billion New York Upstate Revitalization Initiative (URI), One Lincoln Center will also benefit from the $265 million investment in Syracuse’s CBD. Coupled with the 30% growth in downtown Syracuse’s millennial population and a shrinking CBD office stock, we believe our One Lincoln Center acquisition will prove to be sound and worthwhile.” Syracuse Mayor, Stephanie Miner, was ecstatic about the Zamir Equities’ acquisition. “One Lincoln Center is at the crossroads of the City of Syracuse and Central New York. I am pleased that Zamir is investing in Syracuse, and look forward to collaborating with them to further enhance our resurging downtown community." One Lincoln Center is one of the tallest building in Syracuse located in the heart of downtown Syracuse. Adjacent to the proposed $3 million-renovated Perseverance Park, the building is only several blocks from the Museum of Science and Technology, one mile from Syracuse University, and eight miles from Hancock International Airport. The asset sits close to the Federal building, Syracuse City Courts, the Justice Center, and St. Joseph’s Hospital. One Lincoln Center tenants enjoy access to, a brand-new conference center, fitness center, a newly finished outdoor putting green, and a ground-floor eatery (Darwin’s) with full catering capabilities and the well-equipped onsite newsstand and convenience store. About Zamir Equities Founded by Asher Zamir in 2003, Zamir Equities is a privately held New York City-based, integrated real estate private equity firm. Currently, Zamir Equities cumulatively owns and manages in excess of $300 million worth of properties, encompassing more than 2.1 million square feet. Recognized for their astute acquisition proficiency, along with unparalleled real estate management, leasing and marketing experience, Zamir Equities specializes in risk-adjusted market returns in both undervalued and stabilized real estate assets. Zamir Equities is headquartered in the heart of midtown Manhattan in the Fred F. French Building, a magnificent 38-story art deco building erected in 1927, and listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170516005149/en/ SOURCE: Zamir Equities"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@zamirequities Zamir Equities Moshe Shalom, 212-277-6477 media@zamirequities.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular This is one reason why the rich will get richer The shocking details you reveal about yourself when you ‘like’ things on Facebook This is the high-tech country to watch for clues on S&P 500 earnings Asian markets mostly down as dollar continues to fall How the Comey Uproar Threatens Trump's Agenda MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
  About New Europe   Print Edition Library   Latest Premium Articles   Subscribe   Log In Menu EU Affairs European Parliament EU lawmakers want an end to food waste EU told to tackle causes, not consequences, of migration: African Union’s president MEPs discuss persecution of gay men in Chechnya EP Committees endorse 40% target on climate action Close European Commission EU updates aviation safety list, clears all airlines from Benin and Mozambique EU’s struggle to stop U.S. in-flight laptop ban Relocation: EU sets June deadline for Poland and Hungary Juncker Plan backs EIF €80 million deal for Italian SMEs Close European Council Why Poland, Hungary worry about Macron’s win EU asks for Maduro government attitude change Dijsselbloem letter: Greek debt to be discussed on 22 May Eurogroup meeting UK will not block EU defence links, says Boris Johnson Close Close Energy Environment EP Committees endorse 40% target on climate action EU announces May 21 as ‘European Natura 2000 day’ EU to support Poland’s transition to a low carbon economy Šefčovič discusses changes facing Polish energy sector Close Renewables EP Committees endorse 40% target on climate action EU clears Portugal’s hydropower concessions to EDP EU to support Poland’s transition to a low carbon economy Approaching space by using solar energy Close Oil & Gas TAP pipeline says project on time, on track and on budget Nigeria to begin oil exploration in Chad Basin EIA: OPEC annual net oil export revenue falls 15% in 2016 Iran election not to jeopardise nuclear deal, affect oil prices Close Nuclear Cañete in Tehran for first-ever EU-Iran sustainable energy forum Finland’s Green Party goes nuclear EU, Iran sign first-ever nuclear safety cooperation project EU opens probe into German electricity capacity reserve plans Close Energy Policy Šefčovič discusses changes facing Polish energy sector Macron insists Trump sticks to Paris Climate Agreement Strengthening EU’s clean energy proposal Šefčovič on second Energy Union Tour to Belgium Close Close Knowledge Network European View Dialogue on Democracy Empowering the next generation A World with Social Services AT&T Europe’s Public Policy Blog ‘Winds of Change’ by Jaime Quesado Driving European Entrepreneurship Close Kassandra #New Europe Shooting Gallery Issue 1211 The Second OLAF Report on Dalli Kremlin may get the Thessaloniki Port Mogherini must remove Vlahudin, yesterday! #New Europe Shooting Gallery Issue 1210 Close World News EU told to tackle causes, not consequences, of migration: African Union’s president Nigeria to begin oil exploration in Chad Basin Erdogan visits Trump, in a meeting that can’t go well EIA: OPEC annual net oil export revenue falls 15% in 2016 Belgium wants to stop selling arms to Saudi Arabia Iran election not to jeopardise nuclear deal, affect oil prices The Red Connection: Lavrov meets Trump, Tillerson in White House Acting FBI Director points to Trump’s misconceptions Close Tech & Culture Technology EU’s struggle to stop U.S. in-flight laptop ban Mariya Gabriel takes over Digital Economy and Society portfolio EU Commission: No EU institutions hit by cyber attacks Belgium wants to stop selling arms to Saudi Arabia Close Lifestyle EU lawmakers want an end to food waste UK will not block EU defence links, says Boris Johnson Belgium wants to stop selling arms to Saudi Arabia Manhunt for hackers, as experts foresee new global cyber attacks Close Fashion US could also ban EU citizens from carrying laptops in cabin EU Parliament closes multinationals’ tax loopholes More brands should reveal where their clothes are made, says HRW Adidas is moving production from China back to Germany… to be made by robots Close Close Now Reading: JP Morgan leads investment banking from London to Dublin Up Next: JP Morgan leads investment banking from London to Dublin MIKKO PIHAVAARA Click for full view A general view of the Grand Canal docks area in Dublin, Ireland, 26 November 2014. Author By NEOnline | IR Up Next Czech PM negotiates the resignation of his finance minister May 16, 2017 Published 12:43 May 16, 2017 Updated 12:43 May 16, 2017 JP Morgan leads investment banking from London to Dublin By NEOnline | IR Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn + In the first tangible post-Brexit move, the US investment bank JP Morgan has bought €125 million worth of office space in Dublin to accommodate 1,000 staff, The Irish Times report. The office space is at the Capital Dock development in Dublin, while Ireland’s financial services minister Eoghan Murphy hailed the move as a “vote of confidence” for the city’s new post-Brexit role. JP Morgan has 500 employees in Dublin, while 500 jobs and/or employees will relocate from London. JP Morgan’s executive, Daniel Pinto, has been cited by Reuters as saying that up to 1,000 jobs could move from London to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg. According to an interview by JP Morgan’s head of investor services, James Kenny, the bank has already started hiring in Dublin. UK exit for JP Morgan is triggered by a concern that the U.K will lose “passporting” rights. Insurance, hedge funds, and legal firms from the UK are already buying office space in Dublin, which is suffering from an acute housing crisis. Barclays, Standard Chartered, Goldman Sachs, and Deutsche Bank have also signaled significant relocation of jobs as a result of Brexit. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn + Load next: Czech PM negotiates the resignation of his finance minister Related News News EU updates aviation safety list, clears all airlines from Benin and Mozambique By Irene Kostaki News EU’s struggle to stop U.S. in-flight laptop ban By Irene Kostaki News Relocation: EU sets June deadline for Poland and Hungary By Irene Kostaki News Italian populism worries eurozone investors By Beata Stur COPYRIGHT 2016 NEW EUROPE. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Our Writers About Us Email Password Remember Me Lost your password? Reset Password Username or E-mail: Log in
Zamir Equities Acquires One Lincoln Center, 305,594 Square Foot, Class A, Office Building In Downtown Syracuse, New York, CBD May 16, 2017 06:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Zamir Equities has successfully completed the acquisition of One Lincoln Center, 110 West Fayette Street, in the heart of Syracuse, New York’s, Downtown Central Business District (CBD). Built in 1970, One Lincoln Center is a 305,594-square foot, multi-tenanted, Class A, office building, within proximity to the Federal Building, County Courthouse, Civic and Convention Center, and steps from trendy Armory Square. One Lincoln Center recently experienced a $10 million renovation, including a new lobby, common area upgrades, fitness center, start of the art conference center, elevator modernization, roof replacement, and additional major upgrades, including the building’s HVAC/Mechanical, sidewalk, façade, and restrooms. With credit-grade tenants, and long-term leases, One Lincoln Center is anchored by Bond, Schoeneck & King Law Firm; Arcadis; Bousquet & Holstein Law Firm; Grossman-St. Armour CPAs; CadaretGrant; and JPMorgan Chase. “This is our first commercial real estate investment in Syracuse, and we are pleased to become an active part of Syracuse’s CBD renaissance,” said Asher Zamir, Founder and Chairman, Zamir Equities. “As part of New York Governor Andrew Cuomo’s $1.5-billion New York Upstate Revitalization Initiative (URI), One Lincoln Center will also benefit from the $265 million investment in Syracuse’s CBD. Coupled with the 30% growth in downtown Syracuse’s millennial population and a shrinking CBD office stock, we believe our One Lincoln Center acquisition will prove to be sound and worthwhile.” Syracuse Mayor, Stephanie Miner, was ecstatic about the Zamir Equities’ acquisition. “One Lincoln Center is at the crossroads of the City of Syracuse and Central New York. I am pleased that Zamir is investing in Syracuse, and look forward to collaborating with them to further enhance our resurging downtown community." One Lincoln Center is one of the tallest building in Syracuse located in the heart of downtown Syracuse. Adjacent to the proposed $3 million-renovated Perseverance Park, the building is only several blocks from the Museum of Science and Technology, one mile from Syracuse University, and eight miles from Hancock International Airport. The asset sits close to the Federal building, Syracuse City Courts, the Justice Center, and St. Joseph’s Hospital. One Lincoln Center tenants enjoy access to, a brand-new conference center, fitness center, a newly finished outdoor putting green, and a ground-floor eatery (Darwin’s) with full catering capabilities and the well-equipped onsite newsstand and convenience store. About Zamir Equities Founded by Asher Zamir in 2003, Zamir Equities is a privately held New York City-based, integrated real estate private equity firm. Currently, Zamir Equities cumulatively owns and manages in excess of $300 million worth of properties, encompassing more than 2.1 million square feet. Recognized for their astute acquisition proficiency, along with unparalleled real estate management, leasing and marketing experience, Zamir Equities specializes in risk-adjusted market returns in both undervalued and stabilized real estate assets. Zamir Equities is headquartered in the heart of midtown Manhattan in the Fred F. French Building, a magnificent 38-story art deco building erected in 1927, and listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. Contacts Zamir Equities Moshe Shalom, 212-277-6477 media@zamirequities.com #Hashtags #realestate #development #privateequity #officebuildings Contacts Zamir Equities Moshe Shalom, 212-277-6477 media@zamirequities.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Zamir Equities Acquires One Lincoln Center, 305,594 Square Foot, Class A, Office Building In Downtown Syracuse, New York, CBD NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Zamir Equities has successfully completed the acquisition of One Lincoln Center, 110 West Fayette Street, in the heart of Syracuse, New York’s, Downtown Central Business District (CBD). Built in 1970, One Lincoln Center is a 305,594-square foot, multi-tenanted, Class A, office building, within proximity to the Federal Building, County Courthouse, Civic and Convention Center, and steps from trendy Armory Square. One Lincoln Center recently experienced a $10 million renovation, including a new lobby, common area upgrades, fitness center, start of the art conference center, elevator modernization, roof replacement, and additional major upgrades, including the building’s HVAC/Mechanical, sidewalk, façade, and restrooms. With credit-grade tenants, and long-term leases, One Lincoln Center is anchored by Bond, Schoeneck & King Law Firm; Arcadis; Bousquet & Holstein Law Firm; Grossman-St. Armour CPAs; CadaretGrant; and JPMorgan Chase. “This is our first commercial real estate investment in Syracuse, and we are pleased to become an active part of Syracuse’s CBD renaissance,” said Asher Zamir, Founder and Chairman, Zamir Equities. “As part of New York Governor Andrew Cuomo’s $1.5-billion New York Upstate Revitalization Initiative (URI), One Lincoln Center will also benefit from the $265 million investment in Syracuse’s CBD. Coupled with the 30% growth in downtown Syracuse’s millennial population and a shrinking CBD office stock, we believe our One Lincoln Center acquisition will prove to be sound and worthwhile.” Syracuse Mayor, Stephanie Miner, was ecstatic about the Zamir Equities’ acquisition. “One Lincoln Center is at the crossroads of the City of Syracuse and Central New York. I am pleased that Zamir is investing in Syracuse, and look forward to collaborating with them to further enhance our resurging downtown community.” One Lincoln Center is one of the tallest building in Syracuse located in the heart of downtown Syracuse. Adjacent to the proposed $3 million-renovated Perseverance Park, the building is only several blocks from the Museum of Science and Technology, one mile from Syracuse University, and eight miles from Hancock International Airport. The asset sits close to the Federal building, Syracuse City Courts, the Justice Center, and St. Joseph’s Hospital. One Lincoln Center tenants enjoy access to, a brand-new conference center, fitness center, a newly finished outdoor putting green, and a ground-floor eatery (Darwin’s) with full catering capabilities and the well-equipped onsite newsstand and convenience store. About Zamir Equities Founded by Asher Zamir in 2003, Zamir Equities is a privately held New York City-based, integrated real estate private equity firm. Currently, Zamir Equities cumulatively owns and manages in excess of $300 million worth of properties, encompassing more than 2.1 million square feet. Recognized for their astute acquisition proficiency, along with unparalleled real estate management, leasing and marketing experience, Zamir Equities specializes in risk-adjusted market returns in both undervalued and stabilized real estate assets. Zamir Equities is headquartered in the heart of midtown Manhattan in the Fred F. French Building, a magnificent 38-story art deco building erected in 1927, and listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Formic Acid, Acetic Acid and Metacetonic Acid Market 2017: Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2021 Next PostNext Future Focus on Polyisobutylene Market Selected Trend, Important Factors Contributing to Growth and R&D Landscape 2017-2021 Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Zamir Equities Acquires One Lincoln Center, 305,594 Square Foot, Class A, Office Building In Downtown Syracuse, New York, CBD NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Zamir Equities has successfully completed the acquisition of One Lincoln Center, 110 West Fayette Street, in the heart of Syracuse, New York’s, Downtown Central Business District (CBD). Built in 1970, One Lincoln Center is a 305,594-square foot, multi-tenanted, Class A, office building, within proximity to the Federal Building, County Courthouse, Civic and Convention Center, and steps from trendy Armory Square. One Lincoln Center recently experienced a $10 million renovation, including a new lobby, common area upgrades, fitness center, start of the art conference center, elevator modernization, roof replacement, and additional major upgrades, including the building’s HVAC/Mechanical, sidewalk, façade, and restrooms. With credit-grade tenants, and long-term leases, One Lincoln Center is anchored by Bond, Schoeneck & King Law Firm; Arcadis; Bousquet & Holstein Law Firm; Grossman-St. Armour CPAs; CadaretGrant; and JPMorgan Chase. “This is our first commercial real estate investment in Syracuse, and we are pleased to become an active part of Syracuse’s CBD renaissance,” said Asher Zamir, Founder and Chairman, Zamir Equities. “As part of New York Governor Andrew Cuomo’s $1.5-billion New York Upstate Revitalization Initiative (URI), One Lincoln Center will also benefit from the $265 million investment in Syracuse’s CBD. Coupled with the 30% growth in downtown Syracuse’s millennial population and a shrinking CBD office stock, we believe our One Lincoln Center acquisition will prove to be sound and worthwhile.” Syracuse Mayor, Stephanie Miner, was ecstatic about the Zamir Equities’ acquisition. “One Lincoln Center is at the crossroads of the City of Syracuse and Central New York. I am pleased that Zamir is investing in Syracuse, and look forward to collaborating with them to further enhance our resurging downtown community.” One Lincoln Center is one of the tallest building in Syracuse located in the heart of downtown Syracuse. Adjacent to the proposed $3 million-renovated Perseverance Park, the building is only several blocks from the Museum of Science and Technology, one mile from Syracuse University, and eight miles from Hancock International Airport. The asset sits close to the Federal building, Syracuse City Courts, the Justice Center, and St. Joseph’s Hospital. One Lincoln Center tenants enjoy access to, a brand-new conference center, fitness center, a newly finished outdoor putting green, and a ground-floor eatery (Darwin’s) with full catering capabilities and the well-equipped onsite newsstand and convenience store. About Zamir Equities Founded by Asher Zamir in 2003, Zamir Equities is a privately held New York City-based, integrated real estate private equity firm. Currently, Zamir Equities cumulatively owns and manages in excess of $300 million worth of properties, encompassing more than 2.1 million square feet. Recognized for their astute acquisition proficiency, along with unparalleled real estate management, leasing and marketing experience, Zamir Equities specializes in risk-adjusted market returns in both undervalued and stabilized real estate assets. Zamir Equities is headquartered in the heart of midtown Manhattan in the Fred F. French Building, a magnificent 38-story art deco building erected in 1927, and listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Formic Acid, Acetic Acid and Metacetonic Acid Market 2017: Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2021 Next PostNext Future Focus on Polyisobutylene Market Selected Trend, Important Factors Contributing to Growth and R&D Landscape 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Intravenous Parenteral Nutrition Market: Evolving Technology, Trends and Industry Analysis 2022 Anaemic economic growth in some regions hampers progress on Global Goals, UN report finds NOWDiagnostics CEO Kevin Clark to Address Technology Conference Illinois.com Domain Name Up for Sale Introducing The Eight Companies Selected For The R/GA Marketing Tech Venture Studio With IPG And Snap Inc. RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Consumer Confidential With David Lazarus BUSINESS Consumer Confidential Column Banks, making record piles of cash, plead for 'much-needed regulatory relief' CSA Images/Getty Images Banks say they need fewer regulations so they can better serve customers and help the economy grow. In fact, they made record profits last year. Banks say they need fewer regulations so they can better serve customers and help the economy grow. In fact, they made record profits last year. (CSA Images/Getty Images) David LazarusContact Reporter After voting to radically overhaul the U.S. healthcare system, House Republicans will vote in coming weeks on rolling back financial reforms put in place to prevent big banks from once again driving the world to the brink of global catastrophe. The banking industry couldn’t be more pleased. The American Bankers Assn. hailed it as “a very important step” after the House Financial Services Committee voted the other day to send the whimsically titled Financial CHOICE Act to the House floor. (That’s CHOICE as in Creating Hope and Opportunity for Investors, Consumers and Entrepreneurs.) The legislation would provide “much-needed regulatory relief” for beleaguered banks, said Rob Nichols, the industry group’s president and chief executive. He said banks only want “to better serve their customers and communities.” The industry can put away its hankies and violins. U.S. banks, especially the big ones, are doing just fine, thank you very much. Here are the facts: U.S. banks reported record annual profit of $171.3 billion last year, up 5% from a year before, according to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Only 4.2% of the nation’s almost 6,000 banks lost money in 2016 — the lowest percentage since 1995. FDIC-insured institutions reported total profit of $43.7 billion in the fourth quarter alone, up nearly 8% from a year earlier. Almost 60% reported year-over-year growth in quarterly earnings. In the first three months of this year, Bank of America reported a 40% increase in earnings from a year earlier. Both JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup posted 17% gains in profit. Wells Fargo, which went out of its way to alienate customers with its bogus-accounts scandal, nevertheless saw its first-quarter profit hold steady at $5.5 billion. “Banks need regulatory relief like a bald man needs a comb,” said Linda Sherry, a spokeswoman for the advocacy group Consumer Action. On Friday, I wrote about my interview with the director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Richard Cordray, whose job would be as expendable as his watchdog agency if the Financial CHOICE Act became law. Weakening the CFPB to the point of uselessness is a major goal of the legislation. But the bill aspires to do a lot more damage than that. It’s intended to undo the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which was signed into law by former President Obama in 2010. Dodd-Frank included a variety of measures aimed at lowering the risk of a too-big-to-fail financial institution endangering the economy or requiring a taxpayer-funded bailout. Banks have steadfastly insisted since the law was enacted that its rules are too costly and troublesome for them to comply with. They’ve said Dodd-Frank is a classic example of government overreach. The banking industry has clothed much of its anti-regulatory propaganda in declarations that Dodd-Frank, no matter how well intended, is an albatross around the necks of smaller, nicer institutions. Think George Bailey’s building and loan firm in “It’s a Wonderful Life.” “The regulatory relief that ABA is pursuing on behalf of our members will allow banks to better serve their customers and communities, and ultimately help the U.S. economy,” Jeff Sigmund, a spokesman for the bankers association, told me. He said Dodd-Frank “included changes that went too far and are holding back economic growth,” and that the banking industry favors “revisiting the law and putting in place sensible rules.” To be sure, Dodd-Frank would benefit from some tweaks. For example, the regulatory burden on smaller banks easily could be remedied by raising the law’s compliance threshold to $100 billion in assets. At the moment, the rules apply to any bank with more than $50 billion in assets. Republican lawmakers, however, prodded by their backers in the business community, are determined to give all banks the benefit of the doubt, as if the mortgage meltdown that began in 2007 and the financial chaos and recession that followed were ancient history. “Our plan replaces Dodd-Frank’s growth-strangling regulations on small banks and credit unions with reforms that expand access to capital so small businesses on Main Street can grow and create jobs,” said Rep. Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas), author of the Financial CHOICE Act and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee. Actually, small businesses and Main Street appear to have plenty of access to capital. Lending by commercial banks has grown by more than 6% annually since 2014, according to the Federal Reserve — much faster than the growth rate of the overall economy. As I’ve previously reported, Hensarling is the Oliver Twist of donations from financial firms (“Please, sir, I want some more”). Since he was first elected to Congress in 2003, he has received $1.3 million in contributions from commercial banks, $1.4 million from securities and investment firms, and $1.4 million from insurers, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. Republican members of the House Financial Services Committee who voted to approve Hensarling’s bill received almost 80% more money during the 2016 election cycle from commercial banks and holding companies than Democrats who voted against it, according to the nonpartisan research organization MapLight. Lawmakers supporting the measure received an average of $72,191 last year from commercial banks and holding companies. Those opposing it received an average of $40,437. For consumers, perhaps the single greatest insult of the Financial CHOICE Act is the harm it would do to the CFPB. As I noted Friday, the act would allow the president to sack the bureau’s director at any time for any reason. It also would greatly limit the bureau’s ability to oversee and enforce rules pertaining to financial firms, even though the bill cynically would rename the bureau the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency. You’ll be hearing more from the banking industry about the unbearable regulatory burden of misunderstood, underappreciated financial institutions as a vote by the full House approaches. What the industry won’t tell you is that bank stocks are up nearly 30% since the November election and that earnings growth of almost 11% is forecast for this year, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence. Much-needed regulatory relief? All businesses should have it so bad. Caption How does former President Obama's $400,000 speech income compare to others? Who should be held responsible for the WannaCry cyberattack? Jay Leno is selling products to make vintage cars shine. What's killing Joshua Tree's tortoises? How does former President Obama's $400,000 speech income compare to others? Who should be held responsible for the WannaCry cyberattack? Jay Leno is selling products to make vintage cars shine. What's killing Joshua Tree's tortoises? Caption How does former President Obama's $400,000 speech income compare to others? Who should be held responsible for the WannaCry cyberattack? Jay Leno is selling products to make vintage cars shine. What's killing Joshua Tree's tortoises? How does former President Obama's $400,000 speech income compare to others? Who should be held responsible for the WannaCry cyberattack? Jay Leno is selling products to make vintage cars shine. What's killing Joshua Tree's tortoises? Caption National security advisor H.R. McMaster answers questions about reports that President Trump shared highly sensitive information with Russia.  National security advisor H.R. McMaster answers questions about reports that President Trump shared highly sensitive information with Russia.  Caption Take a 360-degree tour under the streets of downtown Los Angeles. President Trump prepares for his first overseas trip. TV advertising is in a state of 'total upheaval.' The killing of a mother and daughter in Long Beach has baffled investigators. Credits: Getty / Rick Loomis / KTLA / Mel Melcon / Luis Sinco Take a 360-degree tour under the streets of downtown Los Angeles. President Trump prepares for his first overseas trip. TV advertising is in a state of 'total upheaval.' The killing of a mother and daughter in Long Beach has baffled investigators. Credits: Getty / Rick Loomis / KTLA / Mel Melcon / Luis Sinco Caption Two people died while fleeing police after their vehicle crashed into a tree.  Two people died while fleeing police after their vehicle crashed into a tree.  Caption Scenes from the L.A. Times Night Market featuring food booths from more than 50 Los Angeles restaurants, trucks and bars. Scenes from the L.A. Times Night Market featuring food booths from more than 50 Los Angeles restaurants, trucks and bars. David Lazarus' column runs Tuesdays and Fridays. He also can be seen daily on KTLA-TV Channel 5 and followed on Twitter @Davidlaz. Send your tips or feedback to david.lazarus@latimes.com. MORE FROM DAVID LAZARUS: The GOP's big lie: Healthcare bill 'protects people with preexisting conditions' Consumer agency chief, his job on the line, takes Republican attacks in stride Video-on-demand TV circa 1953? Just deposit coins in the slot Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Jeb Hensarling Republican Party JPMorgan Chase & Co. Richard Cordray Wells Fargo Meet the Malibu lawyer who is upending California's political system, one town at a time Gov. Brown's budget proposal includes an extra $15 million to help Californians facing deportation A mother and her child were gunned down walking home from a supermarket. A suspect was charged, but mystery remains Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 59°
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Deutsche Post AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Post AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank DZ Bank AG Reiterates Buy Rating for Deutsche Post AG (DPSGY) May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Deutsche Post AG (OTCMKTS:DPSGY)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by equities research analysts at DZ Bank AG in a report released on Friday. A number of other equities analysts have also recently commented on DPSGY. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Deutsche Post AG in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Deutsche Post AG from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Deutsche Post AG in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $35.00. Shares of Deutsche Post AG (OTCMKTS:DPSGY) opened at 35.47 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $42.97 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.46 and a beta of 1.50. Deutsche Post AG has a 12-month low of $25.88 and a 12-month high of $36.58. WARNING: “DZ Bank AG Reiterates Buy Rating for Deutsche Post AG (DPSGY)” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/dz-bank-ag-reiterates-buy-rating-for-deutsche-post-ag-dpsgy.html. Deutsche Post AG Company Profile Deutsche Post AG is a Germany-based provider of postal services. The Company operates through four segments: Post – eCommerce – Parcel, Express, Global Forwarding and Freight, and Supply Chain. The Post – eCommerce – Parcel segment handles both domestic and international mail and provides dialogue marketing, nationwide press distribution services and all electronic services associated with mail delivery. Receive News & Ratings for Deutsche Post AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Post AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vectura Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vectura Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank Vectura Group PLC (VEC) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Vectura Group PLC (LON:VEC)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by equities researchers at Numis Securities Ltd in a report issued on Friday. They currently have a GBX 214 ($2.76) price objective on the stock. Numis Securities Ltd’s price target suggests a potential upside of 71.75% from the stock’s current price. A number of other brokerages also recently commented on VEC. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 240 ($3.10) target price on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Peel Hunt restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 200 ($2.58) target price on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. N+1 Singer reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 202 ($2.61) price target on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Investec reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 220 ($2.84) price target on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 225 ($2.90) price target on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of GBX 215.13 ($2.78). Shares of Vectura Group PLC (LON:VEC) opened at 124.40 on Friday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 843.00 million. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 147.27 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 142.73. Vectura Group PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 122.90 and a 12 month high of GBX 172.00. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Vectura Group PLC (VEC) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/vectura-group-plc-vec-rating-reiterated-by-numis-securities-ltd.html. About Vectura Group PLC Vectura Group plc is engaged in research, development and commercialization of therapeutic products and drug delivery systems for human use. The Company’s products include Ultibro Breezhaler (European Union (EU) and Rest of World (RoW)) – LABA-LAMA; Seebri Breezhaler (EU and RoW) – LAMA; AirFluSal Forspiro (EU and RoW) – ICS-LABA; ADVATE (Global) – Antihaemophilic Factor (Recombinant); Adept (Global) – Icodextrin; Anoro Ellipta (Global) – LAMA-LABA; Relvar Ellipta/Breo Ellipta (Global) – ICS-LABA, and Incruse Ellipta (Global) – LAMA. Receive News & Ratings for Vectura Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vectura Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aldermore Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aldermore Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank Aldermore Group PLC’s (ALD) “Add” Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Numis Securities Ltd reissued their add rating on shares of Aldermore Group PLC (LON:ALD) in a report published on Thursday morning. The brokerage currently has a GBX 263 ($3.39) target price on the stock. ALD has been the subject of a number of other reports. Panmure Gordon reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 285 ($3.68) price target on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 210 ($2.71) price target on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Peel Hunt reiterated a hold rating on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their price target on shares of Aldermore Group PLC from GBX 220 ($2.84) to GBX 250 ($3.23) and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Liberum Capital reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 245 ($3.16) price target on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Aldermore Group PLC has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 255.83 ($3.30). Aldermore Group PLC (LON:ALD) opened at 255.70 on Thursday. Aldermore Group PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 102.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 260.31. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 238.96 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 223.61. The firm’s market cap is GBX 881.50 million. WARNING: “Aldermore Group PLC’s (ALD) “Add” Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/aldermore-group-plcs-ald-add-rating-reiterated-at-numis-securities-ltd.html. In other Aldermore Group PLC news, insider James Mack sold 86,873 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 256 ($3.30), for a total transaction of £222,394.88 ($287,072.26). About Aldermore Group PLC Receive News & Ratings for Aldermore Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aldermore Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Michaels Companies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Michaels Companies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News DDR Corp (DDR) CFO Matthew Louis Ostrower Acquires 53,000 Shares of Stock Charter Communications, Inc. (CHTR) Director David C. Merritt Acquires 1,200 Shares Premier Inc (PINC) Insider Craig S. Mckasson Sells 10,750 Shares Centamin PLC (CEY) Insider Trevor Stanley Schultz Acquires 2,600 Shares of Stock Airain ltd Acquires New Stake in Zions Bancorp (ZION) Newfield Exploration Co. (NFX) Shares Sold by Airain ltd Gold Resource Co. (GORO) Stake Maintained by GHP Investment Advisors Inc. GHP Investment Advisors Inc. Has $210,000 Position in Tata Motors Limited (TTM) AllSquare Wealth Management LLC Has $158,000 Stake in Energy Transfer Equity LP (ETE) Compton Capital Management Inc. RI Boosts Stake in Chicago Bridge & Iron Company (CBI) Levin Capital Strategies L.P. Reduces Stake in Darling Ingredients Inc (DAR) Levin Capital Strategies L.P. Invests $437,000 in Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) Levin Capital Strategies L.P. Purchases New Stake in Time Inc (TIME) Levin Capital Strategies L.P. Has $607,000 Position in Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) Liberty Broadband Corp (LBRDA) Shares Sold by Levin Capital Strategies L.P. Aramark (ARMK) Shares Sold by Levin Capital Strategies L.P. Neville Rodie & Shaw Inc. Has $275,000 Position in Chicago Bridge & Iron Company (CBI) Analysts Expect Sequential Brands Group Inc (SQBG) Will Announce Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Boyd Gaming Co. (BYD) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $600.08 Million Dicerna Pharmaceuticals (DRNA) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Michaels Companies Inc (MIK) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Michaels Companies Inc (NASDAQ:MIK) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “The Michaels Companies, Inc. is a specialty retailer of arts and crafts. The Company’s stores offer stock-keeping units in arts, crafts, scrapbooking, floral, framing, home décor, seasonal offerings, and children’s hobbies. It produces 11 exclusive private brands including Recollections(R), Studio Decor(R), Bead Landing(R), Creatology(R), Ashland(R), Celebrate It(R), Art Minds(R), Artist’s Loft(R), Craft Smart(R), Loops & Threads(R) and Imagin8(R). The Michaels Companies, Inc. is based in Irving, Texas. “ Several other research analysts have also recently issued reports on MIK. Morgan Stanley raised shares of Michaels Companies from an equal weight rating to an overweight rating and set a $25.00 target price for the company in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Michaels Companies from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Guggenheim reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a $28.00 target price (down from $30.00) on shares of Michaels Companies in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Bank of America Corp raised shares of Michaels Companies from a neutral rating to a buy rating and set a $28.00 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies cut shares of Michaels Companies from an overweight rating to a neutral rating in a report on Monday, March 27th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the stock. Michaels Companies has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $28.50. Shares of Michaels Companies (NASDAQ:MIK) opened at 20.92 on Wednesday. Michaels Companies has a 12-month low of $19.00 and a 12-month high of $31.36. The company has a 50 day moving average of $22.77 and a 200-day moving average of $22.08. The firm has a market cap of $3.95 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.49 and a beta of 1.01. Michaels Companies (NASDAQ:MIK) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, March 7th. The specialty retailer reported $0.96 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.95 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $1.75 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.76 billion. Michaels Companies had a net margin of 7.15% and a negative return on equity of 22.27%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.87 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Michaels Companies will post $2.12 EPS for the current year. WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/michaels-companies-inc-mik-rating-lowered-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other news, Vice Chairman Charles M. Sonsteby sold 38,754 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $22.12, for a total transaction of $857,238.48. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 56,744 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,255,177.28. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Philo Pappas sold 32,020 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $22.00, for a total transaction of $704,440.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 41,435 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $911,570. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 1.50% of the stock is owned by insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Highfields Capital Management LP boosted its position in Michaels Companies by 5.4% in the fourth quarter. Highfields Capital Management LP now owns 11,655,875 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $238,363,000 after buying an additional 600,902 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Michaels Companies during the fourth quarter worth approximately $24,880,000. Two Sigma Advisers LP boosted its stake in shares of Michaels Companies by 12.7% in the third quarter. Two Sigma Advisers LP now owns 375,664 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $9,080,000 after buying an additional 42,464 shares in the last quarter. Folger Hill Asset Management LP acquired a new stake in shares of Michaels Companies during the fourth quarter worth approximately $2,078,000. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Michaels Companies during the fourth quarter worth approximately $122,000. Michaels Companies Company Profile The Michaels Companies, Inc (Michaels) is an arts and crafts specialty retailer in North America. The Company’s segments include Michaels-U.S., Michaels-Canada, Aaron Brothers, Pat Catan’s and Darice. As of January 28, 2017, the Company operated 1,223 Michaels retail stores in 49 states and Canada, with approximately 18,000 average square feet of selling space per store. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Michaels Companies (MIK) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Michaels Companies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Michaels Companies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Commodities Asia stocks rise for third day on earnings; dollar stalls on Comey sacking Asia stocks rise for third day on earnings; dollar stalls on Comey sacking Source : Last Updated: Wed, May 10, 2017 09:42 hrs By Saikat Chatterjee HONG KONG (Reuters) - Asian stocks edged higher for a third consecutive day on Wednesday as investors focused on strong corporate earnings and the dollar gave back some of its recent gains after a rise in political tensions. U.S. President Donald Trump's abrupt dismissal of FBI Director James Comey prompted some unwinding of risky bets in early Asian trading but strategists said investors were cheered by a strong slate of corporate earnings, reflecting the cyclical rebound in the first quarter of 2017 was still in place. "Markets are setting aside the many policy changes seen from the Trump administration and focusing on the improvement in corporate performance and that should support sentiment," said Tai Hui, chief Asia market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management in Hong Kong. With results in for the majority of the companies on the S&P 500, estimated Q1 earnings growth is now at 14.5 percent, highest since Q3 of 2011, Thomson Reuters data shows with roughly 75 pct of companies are beating analysts' expectations. That has helped Asia as well, with 12-month forward earnings per share for the MSCI index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rising to its highest level in more than three years. "Strong corporate earnings are supporting risk sentiment in the Asian equity markets,” said Fan Cheuk Wan, head of investment strategy and advisory at HSBC Private Banking. MSCI's Asia ex Japan index was flat after posting modest gains in the previous session. It hit a two-year high last week. Korean stocks led losers as investors took profits after South Korea's liberal leader Moon Jae-in was elected president while losses in Australia's big banks weighed on the broader market after the government levied taxes on the lenders to help balance the budget. and Markets were also relieved when U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross signalled the Trump administration would attempt to use existing tools to aggressively enforce trade rules and insist on fairer treatment for U.S. goods, rather than adopt the slash-and-burn approach Trump promoted on the campaign trail in 2016. In currencies, the dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major currencies, slipped 0.2 percent to 99.424, moving away from a three-week high of 99.688. Rising U.S. yields propped up the dollar to its strongest level against the Japanese yen in two months at 114.32 in the previous session but it gave back some of those gains after Trump fired FBI Director Comey in a move that shocked Washington. It was last changing hands at 113.76 per dollar, while yields on benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury notes were lurking near their highest levels since end-March at 2.39 percent. But some market analysts pointed out with market volatility indicators hitting record lows -- the VIX indicator fell overnight to 9.56, its lowest since late 2006 -- the likelihood of a large move in financial markets has grown. "Geopolitics and the divergence of policy have not gone away," Marc Chandler, global head of FX strategy wrote in a daily note. "It is a reminder that we are often lulled into complacency just before being shocked by how treacherous things really are." Fed funds futures pricing showed investors almost universally expect the Federal Reserve to raise U.S. overnight interest rates at its next meeting, with close to a 90 percent perceived chance of an increase next month. Brent crude futures rose more than 0.5 percent to $49.03 per barrel after Reuters reported Saudi Arabia would cut supplies to the Asia region to maintain supply to meet rising domestic demand for power during the summer months. OPEC is battling against rising U.S. output that is threatening to derail its attempts to end a sustained global glut in crude. Gold advanced modestly to $1221.90 ounce, breaking a two-week long losing streak. (Reporting by Saikat Chatterjee; Editing by Eric Meijer) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 27000.00 (-0.07%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27610.00 (-0.11%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 27300.00 (-0.73%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 27530.00 (0.11%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 26800.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26600.00 (0.19%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 27020.00 (-0.04%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vivendi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vivendi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank Vivendi SA (VIV) Given a €21.00 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Vivendi SA (EPA:VIV) has been assigned a €21.00 ($23.08) target price by equities researchers at Morgan Stanley in a report issued on Friday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. VIV has been the subject of several other reports. S&P Global set a €20.00 ($21.98) price target on Vivendi SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €22.00 ($24.18) price objective on Vivendi SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €22.40 ($24.62) price objective on Vivendi SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. BNP Paribas set a €21.00 ($23.08) price objective on Vivendi SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €19.00 ($20.88) price objective on Vivendi SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of €20.29 ($22.30). Vivendi SA (EPA:VIV) opened at 19.25 on Friday. The company has a 50 day moving average price of €18.18 and a 200-day moving average price of €17.82. Vivendi SA has a 52 week low of €14.87 and a 52 week high of €20.09. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/vivendi-sa-viv-given-a-21-00-price-target-by-morgan-stanley-analysts.html. Vivendi SA Company Profile Vivendi SA is engaged in media and content businesses. The Company operates businesses throughout the media value chain, from talent discovery to the creation, production and distribution of content. Its segments include Universal Music Group, Canal+ Group, Gameloft, Vivendi Village, New Initiatives and Corporate. Receive News & Ratings for Vivendi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vivendi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Axa SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axa SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Selling: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) SVP Sells 20,344 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: FCB Financial Holdings Inc (FCB) Insider Sells 6,300 Shares of Stock IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $759.58 Million Transocean LTD (RIG) Price Target Cut to $16.00 by Analysts at R. F. Lafferty Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (OHI) Shares Bought by Ameriprise Financial Inc. Ameriprise Financial Inc. Decreases Position in Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Credicorp Ltd. (BAP) Shares Sold by Ameriprise Financial Inc. Ameriprise Financial Inc. Purchases 135,515 Shares of AdvancePierre Foods Holdings Inc (APFH) TFS Capital LLC Has $497,000 Stake in Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ARNA) Pfenex Inc (PFNX) Position Raised by TFS Capital LLC TFS Capital LLC Purchases Shares of 15,908 Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Hope Bancorp Inc (HOPE) Shares Sold by Ameriprise Financial Inc. Ameriprise Financial Inc. Reduces Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) TFS Capital LLC Sells 67,755 Shares of NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Ameriprise Financial Inc. Sells 151,116 Shares of ABM Industries, Inc. (ABM) PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI) Receives “Hold” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC IMPINJ Inc (PI) Price Target Lowered to $42.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Motorola Solutions Inc (MSI) Given New $95.00 Price Target at Credit Suisse Group AG SunOpta, Inc. (STKL) Major Shareholder Purchases $1,791,568.00 in Stock Cabot Microelectronics Co. (CCMP) Director Sells $4,617,600.00 in Stock Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€27.70” Price Target for Axa SA (CS) May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Kepler Capital Markets set a €27.70 ($30.44) price target on Axa SA (EPA:CS) in a research note released on Thursday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other equities analysts have also issued reports on CS. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €24.00 ($26.37) target price on Axa SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €25.20 ($27.69) target price on Axa SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €24.80 ($27.25) target price on Axa SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, May 8th. BNP Paribas set a €24.00 ($26.37) target price on Axa SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc set a €23.70 ($26.04) target price on Axa SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €25.12 ($27.61). Axa SA (EPA:CS) opened at 24.40 on Thursday. The company has a 50-day moving average of €24.10 and a 200-day moving average of €23.28. Axa SA has a 52 week low of €16.11 and a 52 week high of €25.80. WARNING: “Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€27.70” Price Target for Axa SA (CS)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/kepler-capital-markets-reiterates-27-70-price-target-for-axa-sa-cs.html. Axa SA Company Profile AXA SA (AXA) is a holding company engaged in the business of financial protection. The Company’s segments include Life & Savings, Property & Casualty, International Insurance, Asset Management, Banking and Holding companies. The Life & Savings segment’s products include a range of investment and savings products, as well as Protection and Health products. Receive News & Ratings for Axa SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axa SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank Berenberg Bank Reiterates €97.00 Price Target for Sanofi SA (SAN) May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Berenberg Bank set a €97.00 ($106.59) price objective on Sanofi SA (EPA:SAN) in a research note published on Thursday. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Other equities research analysts have also issued reports about the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €87.00 ($95.60) price objective on shares of Sanofi SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Morgan Stanley set a €91.00 ($100.00) price objective on shares of Sanofi SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €96.00 ($105.49) price objective on shares of Sanofi SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €77.00 ($84.62) price objective on shares of Sanofi SA and gave the stock a sell rating in a report on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Societe Generale set a €100.00 ($109.89) price objective on shares of Sanofi SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Sanofi SA presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €86.44 ($94.99). Sanofi SA (EPA:SAN) opened at 90.01 on Thursday. The firm’s market capitalization is €113.40 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average is €25.48 and its 200-day moving average is €25.74. Sanofi SA has a 52-week low of €62.50 and a 52-week high of €92.97. WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/berenberg-bank-reiterates-97-00-price-target-for-sanofi-sa-san.html. Sanofi SA Company Profile Sanofi is a healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. The Company’s segments are Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines), and Other. The Pharmaceuticals segment comprises the commercial operations of various franchises, including Speciality Care (Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis, and Oncology), Diabetes and Cardiovascular, Established Prescription Products, Consumer Healthcare and Generics, and research and development, production and marketing activities for all of the Company’s pharmaceuticals operations. Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vivendi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vivendi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Central Pacific Financial Corp. (CPF) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Canterbury Park Holding (CPHC) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.28 Insider Selling: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) SVP Sells 20,344 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: FCB Financial Holdings Inc (FCB) Insider Sells 6,300 Shares of Stock IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $759.58 Million Transocean LTD (RIG) Price Target Cut to $16.00 by Analysts at R. F. Lafferty Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (OHI) Shares Bought by Ameriprise Financial Inc. Ameriprise Financial Inc. Decreases Position in Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Credicorp Ltd. (BAP) Shares Sold by Ameriprise Financial Inc. Ameriprise Financial Inc. Purchases 135,515 Shares of AdvancePierre Foods Holdings Inc (APFH) TFS Capital LLC Has $497,000 Stake in Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ARNA) Pfenex Inc (PFNX) Position Raised by TFS Capital LLC TFS Capital LLC Purchases Shares of 15,908 Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Hope Bancorp Inc (HOPE) Shares Sold by Ameriprise Financial Inc. Ameriprise Financial Inc. Reduces Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) TFS Capital LLC Sells 67,755 Shares of NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Ameriprise Financial Inc. Sells 151,116 Shares of ABM Industries, Inc. (ABM) PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI) Receives “Hold” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC IMPINJ Inc (PI) Price Target Lowered to $42.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Motorola Solutions Inc (MSI) Given New $95.00 Price Target at Credit Suisse Group AG Vivendi SA (VIV) Given a €22.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Vivendi SA (EPA:VIV) received a €22.00 ($24.18) price target from Deutsche Bank AG in a report issued on Friday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Several other research analysts also recently commented on the stock. BNP Paribas set a €22.00 ($24.18) target price on shares of Vivendi SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €23.30 ($25.60) target price on shares of Vivendi SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Morgan Stanley set a €20.00 ($21.98) target price on shares of Vivendi SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, April 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €19.00 ($20.88) target price on shares of Vivendi SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG set a €15.20 ($16.70) target price on shares of Vivendi SA and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Vivendi SA presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of €20.29 ($22.30). Shares of Vivendi SA (EPA:VIV) opened at 19.25 on Friday. Vivendi SA has a 52-week low of €14.87 and a 52-week high of €20.09. The stock’s 50 day moving average is €18.18 and its 200 day moving average is €17.82. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Vivendi SA (VIV) Given a €22.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/vivendi-sa-viv-given-a-22-00-price-target-by-deutsche-bank-ag-analysts.html. Vivendi SA Company Profile Vivendi SA is engaged in media and content businesses. The Company operates businesses throughout the media value chain, from talent discovery to the creation, production and distribution of content. Its segments include Universal Music Group, Canal+ Group, Gameloft, Vivendi Village, New Initiatives and Corporate. Receive News & Ratings for Vivendi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vivendi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Renault SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Renault SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank Barclays PLC Analysts Give Renault SA (RNO) a €110.00 Price Target May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC set a €110.00 ($120.88) price target on Renault SA (EPA:RNO) in a research note released on Wednesday. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts also recently commented on RNO. Jefferies Group LLC set a €85.00 ($93.41) price objective on Renault SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €100.00 ($109.89) target price on shares of Renault SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €89.00 ($97.80) target price on shares of Renault SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, February 6th. S&P Global Inc set a €91.00 ($100.00) target price on shares of Renault SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a €115.00 ($126.37) target price on shares of Renault SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of €92.65 ($101.81). Renault SA (EPA:RNO) opened at 88.74 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is €82.14 and its 200 day moving average price is €82.15. Renault SA has a 52-week low of €63.64 and a 52-week high of €90.76. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/barclays-plc-analysts-give-renault-sa-rno-a-110-00-price-target.html. Renault SA Company Profile Renault SA is a France based company primarily engaged in the manufacture of automobiles and the provision of related services. It is structured into two segments: the Automobile division, which handles the design, manufacture and marketing of passenger cars and light commercial vehicles, under Renault, Renault Samsung Motors and Dacia brands, and the Sales Financing division, which provides financial and commercial services related to the sales activities, and is comprised of RCI Banque and its subsidiaries. Receive News & Ratings for Renault SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Renault SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Opinion Last Modified: Tue, May 16 2017. 09 58 AM IST Cyber attacks are certain, cyber security business is not Even as cyber attacks become more prevalent and damaging, they haven’t been a universal triumph for the cyber security industry Subscribe to our newsletter. Shira Ovide WannaCry digital extortion attack crippled hundreds of thousands computers worldwide. Photo: AFP New York: It’s now clear that cyber attacks are a fact of life for corporations and governments. What’s less clear are the winners and losers among companies focused on stopping the digital break-ins. News about the WannaCry digital extortion attack that crippled hundreds of thousands computers worldwide caused predictable stock market euphoria on Monday. As tends to happen when there is a highly public cyber attack, share prices of cyber security technology specialists such as Palo Alto Networks, Proofpoint and Fortinet climbed. Many prominent digital attacks—such as those on Target, J.P. Morgan Chase and Sony’s movie studio—lift hopes of ringing cash registers at tech companies that make money from companies’ fear they’ll be the next victim. But even as computer attacks become more prevalent and damaging, they haven’t been a universal triumph for the cyber security industry. It is true that corporate executives, boards of directors and governments are taking digital threats seriously . Research firm IDC expects spending on information-technology security to increase 8.7% each year through 2020 to nearly $105 billion, nearly three times the forecasted growth rate of all corporate and government technology spending. In a recent Morgan Stanley survey of big company information technology executives, digital security software was cited as the top 2017 spending priority by the second-highest number of respondents, trailing cloud computing technology. But there are no sure bets in the cyber world. Securing companies from computer intrusions is growing more competitive. A glut of options from old-guard tech companies such as Cisco and from money-rich Silicon Valley start-ups is making it harder for all cybersecurity technology to stand out to prospective customers. The industry didn’t do itself any favours, either. It has grown difficult to tell which companies are selling effective security safeguards and which ones are overpromising. As a result, valuations of many onetime cyber security highfliers have come back from the stratosphere as investors started to rethink their indiscriminate bets. The First Trust Nasdaq cybersecurity ETF, composed of companies such as Cisco, Palo Alto Networks and Check Point Software, has underperformed the S&P 500 stock index. The security ETF has risen 11% since its inception two years ago while the S&P 500 has climbed 15% over the same period. It’s understandable for fretful companies to hunt for technology silver bullets to protect themselves from digital bad guys. But companies’ fear of hackers doesn’t erase the insecurity for the cyber security business. Bloomberg Shira Ovide Topics: Cyber attacks cyber security WannaCry Ransomware attack Digital extortion More From Livemint READ MORE Global gold prices shine as Donald Trump’s mounting troubles hurt dollar Great Eastern Energy to invest $1 billion on natural gas, shale SC asks AIMPLB: Can women have option of saying no to triple talaq in ‘nikahnama’? First Published: Tue, May 16 2017. 09 58 AM IST Editor's Picks CBI, I-T raids on Lalu Prasad, Chidambaram revive corruption debate Airtel-Tikona deal: Reliance Jio asks telecom dept to withhold clearance Maruti Suzuki CEO questions govt’s ambitious electric vehicle plans Latest News Global gold prices shine as Donald Trump’s mounting troubles hurt dollar Great Eastern Energy to invest $1 billion on natural gas, shale SC asks AIMPLB: Can women have option of saying no to triple talaq in ‘nikahnama’? Cannes Film Festival 2017: A to Z IAS officer Anurag Tiwari found dead near guest house in Lucknow Mint On Sunday The amazing adventures of Dadasaheb Phalke Naxals and their international counterparts Between a mercenary and a missionary A bra that fits? Letter from... Thrissur Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clearside Biomedical Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Argos Therapeutics (ARGS) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Aramark (ARMK) Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Ardmore Shipping Corp (ASC) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Dane A. Drobny Sells 47,753 Shares of Groupon Inc (GRPN) Stock DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Has $1.52 Million Stake in Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) Stake Maintained by FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Kilroy Realty Corp (KRC) Shares Bought by Flinton Capital Management LLC Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Shares Bought by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Reduces Stake in Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (RARE) TiVo Corp (TIVO) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Investment Management of Virginia LLC Has $5.784 Million Stake in T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Raises Position in Exelon Co. (EXC) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Increases Position in NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Pool Co. (POOL) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Flinton Capital Management LLC Has $211,000 Stake in Barclays PLC (BCS) PVH Corp (PVH) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Boosts Position in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Zacks: Analysts Expect First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $19.45 Million Peoples Utah Bancorp (PUB) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Vicon Industries, Inc. (VII) Releases Earnings Results Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Clearside Biomedical Inc (NASDAQ:CLSD) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note issued on Monday. According to Zacks, “Clearside Biomedical, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company is engaged in developing first-in-class drug therapies to treat blinding diseases of the eye using Clearside proprietary suprachoroidal space(TM) microinjector. Its products include CLS-1001 for the treatment of macular edema associated with non-infectious uveitis; CLS-1003 for the treatment of macular edema associated with retinal vein occlusion; and CLS-1002 program for the treatment of wet age-related macular degeneration. Clearside Biomedical, Inc. is headquartered in Alpharetta, Georgia. “ CLSD has been the topic of a number of other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a report on Friday, February 24th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $19.00 price objective on the stock. Wedbush restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $28.00 price objective on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Needham & Company LLC reduced their price objective on shares of Clearside Biomedical to $18.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Cowen and Company restated a “buy” rating and issued a $15.00 price objective on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a report on Thursday. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. Clearside Biomedical has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $20.67. Shares of Clearside Biomedical (NASDAQ:CLSD) traded down 2.56% during trading on Monday, reaching $8.75. 111,737 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock’s market capitalization is $221.37 million. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $7.82 and a 200-day moving average price of $10.45. Clearside Biomedical has a 1-year low of $5.44 and a 1-year high of $25.08. Clearside Biomedical (NASDAQ:CLSD) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 10th. The company reported ($0.41) earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.44) by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $0.01 million during the quarter. Equities research analysts predict that Clearside Biomedical will post ($1.78) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/clearside-biomedical-inc-clsd-upgraded-to-hold-by-zacks-investment-research.html. In related news, Director Clay Thorp sold 27,000 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $7.55, for a total transaction of $203,850.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Daniel H. White sold 8,000 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $7.55, for a total transaction of $60,400.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 527,217 shares in the company, valued at $3,980,488.35. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 283,510 shares of company stock worth $2,062,895 over the last quarter. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in CLSD. FMR LLC raised its stake in shares of Clearside Biomedical by 377.3% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 1,029,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,205,000 after buying an additional 813,889 shares in the last quarter. Perceptive Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $6,365,000. Hillhouse Capital Management Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Clearside Biomedical during the third quarter valued at approximately $10,410,000. Wellington Management Group LLP raised its stake in shares of Clearside Biomedical by 31.6% in the first quarter. Wellington Management Group LLP now owns 2,164,703 shares of the company’s stock valued at $17,187,000 after buying an additional 520,403 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Orbimed Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $2,682,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 33.52% of the company’s stock. About Clearside Biomedical Clearside Biomedical, Inc is a clinical biopharmaceutical company developing first-in-class drug therapies to treat blinding diseases of the eye. The Company’s product candidates focus on diseases affecting the retina, which is the tissue that lines the inside of the eye and is primarily responsible for vision, and the choroid, which is the layer adjacent to the retina that supplies the retina with blood, oxygen and nourishment. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Clearside Biomedical (CLSD) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Belden Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank Belden Inc. (BDC) Receives $80.83 Average Target Price from Analysts May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Belden Inc. (NYSE:BDC) have received a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the eight research firms that are covering the firm. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 1-year price target among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $80.83. Several equities analysts recently issued reports on the company. Drexel Hamilton assumed coverage on Belden in a research report on Friday, February 10th. They issued a “hold” rating for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Belden from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Belden in a research report on Monday, February 13th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $76.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Seaport Global Securities assumed coverage on Belden in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. They issued a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price objective for the company. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/belden-inc-bdc-receives-80-83-average-target-price-from-analysts.html. In other Belden news, EVP Glenn Pennycook sold 6,306 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $72.86, for a total value of $459,455.16. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 18,343 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,336,470.98. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own 1.37% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. RMB Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Belden by 0.3% in the first quarter. RMB Capital Management LLC now owns 17,234 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,192,000 after buying an additional 60 shares during the last quarter. State Treasurer State of Michigan boosted its stake in Belden by 0.6% in the first quarter. State Treasurer State of Michigan now owns 17,100 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,183,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Greenwood Capital Associates LLC boosted its stake in Belden by 5.3% in the first quarter. Greenwood Capital Associates LLC now owns 2,975 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $206,000 after buying an additional 149 shares during the last quarter. Advantus Capital Management Inc boosted its stake in Belden by 3.1% in the first quarter. Advantus Capital Management Inc now owns 5,401 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $374,000 after buying an additional 164 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in Belden by 1.0% in the first quarter. Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc. now owns 19,132 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,324,000 after buying an additional 181 shares during the last quarter. Belden (NYSE:BDC) traded up 0.20% during trading on Friday, hitting $71.46. 215,638 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $3.02 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.88 and a beta of 2.24. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $69.04 and its 200 day moving average is $72.21. Belden has a 52 week low of $54.97 and a 52 week high of $81.33. Belden (NYSE:BDC) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The industrial products company reported $0.92 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.03. Belden had a return on equity of 20.29% and a net margin of 5.43%. The business had revenue of $551.40 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $551.14 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.01 EPS. Belden’s quarterly revenue was up 1.8% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts forecast that Belden will post $5.10 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Belden Company Profile Belden Inc is a signal transmission solutions provider company. The Company operates through five segment: Broadcast Solutions (Broadcast), Enterprise Connectivity Solutions (Enterprise), Industrial Connectivity Solutions (Industrial Connectivity), Industrial IT Solutions (Industrial IT), and Network Security Solutions (Network Security). Receive News & Ratings for Belden Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Editas Medicine Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Editas Medicine Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joules Group PLC (JOUL) Price Target Increased to GBX 300 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Whitbread plc (WTB) Earns Neutral Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Bombardier, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BBD) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Dougherty & Co Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) PT Raised to $17.00 at Craig Hallum Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) Price Target to $16.00 AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Argus Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target Cut to C$29.00 by Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Lowers Cascades Inc (CAS) to Hold Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) PT Lowered to C$13.50 Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Short Interest Down 5.7% in April WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Sidoti Downgrades Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) to Neutral Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Add” Rating for Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Now Covered by Berenberg Bank Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.23 EPS May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance Tweet Editas Medicine Inc (NASDAQ:EDIT) posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday. The company reported ($0.85) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.62) by $0.23. Editas Medicine had a negative return on equity of 59.22% and a negative net margin of 1,184.46%. The business had revenue of $0.68 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned ($0.80) EPS. The company’s revenue was down 16.0% on a year-over-year basis. Shares of Editas Medicine (NASDAQ:EDIT) traded down 6.95% on Tuesday, reaching $18.62. 408,696 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company’s market cap is $667.34 million. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $20.09 and a 200-day moving average price of $18.74. Editas Medicine has a 12-month low of $12.43 and a 12-month high of $38.25. Several research firms recently commented on EDIT. Cowen and Company reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Editas Medicine in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Editas Medicine in a research note on Sunday, February 19th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Editas Medicine from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Vetr raised shares of Editas Medicine from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $27.14 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Finally, Chardan Capital assumed coverage on shares of Editas Medicine in a report on Monday, March 27th. They issued a “buy” rating for the company. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $27.79. In related news, COO Alexandra Glucksmann sold 6,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $20.58, for a total value of $123,480.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now directly owns 123,788 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,547,557.04. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, CFO Andrew A. F. Hack sold 3,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.20, for a total transaction of $57,600.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 3,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $57,600. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 10,000 shares of company stock valued at $207,490 over the last ninety days. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in EDIT. Henderson Group PLC acquired a new position in Editas Medicine during the first quarter worth about $1,116,000. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. acquired a new position in Editas Medicine during the first quarter worth about $781,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in Editas Medicine by 31.0% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 64,980 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,451,000 after buying an additional 15,361 shares in the last quarter. Barrett Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in Editas Medicine during the first quarter worth about $223,000. Finally, Fox Run Management L.L.C. acquired a new position in Editas Medicine during the first quarter worth about $272,000. 60.89% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.23 EPS” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/editas-medicine-inc-edit-posts-earnings-results-misses-estimates-by-0-14-eps.html. Editas Medicine Company Profile Editas Medicine, Inc is a genome editing company. It is engaged in treating patients with genetically defined diseases by correcting their disease-causing genes. It operates through developing and commercializing genome editing technology segment. It is developing a genome editing platform based on clustered, regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats (CRISPR) technology. Receive News & Ratings for Editas Medicine Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Editas Medicine Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The gender wage gap gets a lot of attention, but another metric is even more disconcerting Diana Farrell and Karen Persichilli Keogh, JPMorgan Chase May 15, 2017, 4:18 PM 3,231 facebook linkedin twitter email print Muhammad Hamed/Reuters It’s an interesting time to be a woman. For the first time, a woman secured the backing of a major political party as a presidential nominee in 2016. There are more women serving in the U.S. Senate than ever before. Young women have outpaced young men in postsecondary enrollment and educational attainment. And as more women pursue higher education, they are likely to earn more than past generations, with many able to potentially achieve greater financial independence.  It feels like there is great momentum and, yet, it’s important to put it all in perspective. Today, the gender wage gap receives significant attention, with women earning 77 cents or less on the dollar as compared to men. But even more disconcerting is the gender wealth gap defined as the discrepancies in net worth between men and women. And the statistics are staggering. White women own only 32 cents for every dollar owned by their male counterparts, while women of color own even less, averaging only pennies on the dollar compared to white men. The median net worth for African-American women in 2013 was $200 and half that – a staggering $100 – for Latina women in the United States. By definition, wealth is the difference between an individual’s assets and liabilities. But the concept of wealth is so much more. Wealth is the ability to pay for an emergency or other unexpected expense, the freedom to buy a home or pursue higher education, the security of saving for retirement. In short, wealth is stability and opportunity. Women suffer direct, negative consequences of lower net worth. They have less of a safety net, and are more financially vulnerable. It’s not surprising, then, that women are 80 percent more likely than men to live in poverty after retirement, according to the National Institute on Retirement Security. To help shine a spotlight on the gender wealth gap, and better understand some of its drivers, the JPMorgan Chase Institute examined the impact of extraordinary medical payments on the long-term financial well being of more than 210,000 de-identified Chase checking account holders. According to our findings, women are in a worse financial position than men prior to paying an extraordinary medical bill, and have a harder time regaining their financial footing after they pay it. Every year roughly 16 percent of American families make an unusually large medical payment, one that represents more than 1 percent of annual income and is at least $400. We found that women are more likely than men to postpone paying these larger medical bills until they experience a spike in liquid assets, which has concerning implications. Either women are postponing medical care until they can afford it, which could harm their physical health, or they are receiving the care as required but delaying payment, falling behind on their bills and potentially wreaking havoc on their finances. After paying these medical bills, women struggle more even more than men do to regain their financial footing. Our data indicate that both men and women struggle to recover from unusually large medical payments; twelve months later families experience lower incomes, decreasing liquid assets and increasing revolving credit card debt. However, the financial fallout is far worse for women. One year after an extraordinary medical payment women experience a 14 percent increase in the balance on their revolving credit card debt as compared to a 3 percent increase for men, further widening the gender wealth gap. The impact of medical payments on the financial health of women is but one example of the disparities that exist. And while the gender wealth gap is significant, it is solvable, and we can address it by increasing women’s access to the types of critical opportunities that create economic stability and mobility. For example, we can help women gain the skills to compete for the millions of “middle-skill” jobs that are currently unfilled, like cardiovascular technologists and dental hygienists - good jobs that pay good wages and do not require a college education but are accessible with a high school degree and some post-secondary training.  Further, we can assist female entrepreneurs to secure capital, technical assistance, and the professional networks necessary to launch and grow a small business. Women-owned small businesses are some of the fastest growing in the country, but only 16 percent of conventional small-business loans go to women entrepreneurs. John Moore/Getty Images Additionally, we can work to improve women’s financial health boosting the security of both women and their families. We can increase women’s access to the relevant financial information, products and services that can empower them to better manage daily finances, weather emergencies and other unexpected expenses like medical payments, and meet long-term financial goals such as homeownership or retirement. Finally, we can also help to ensure that women and their families have access to economic opportunities in their communities. By investing in safe housing, supermarkets with healthy food options and affordable childcare centers, we can help to break down some of the biggest barriers to economic mobility facing women. These are important areas where JPMorgan Chase is focusing our efforts. As part of our commitment to cultivating inclusive economic growth, last year we invested $17 million in organizations that are empowering women. But the persistence of the gender wealth gap speaks to the need for more. Please join us in working to level the playing field for women both here and abroad.  Diana Farrell is the founding President and Chief Executive Officer of the JPMorgan Chase Institute. Previously, Diana was the Global Head of the McKinsey Center for Government and the McKinsey Global Institute. She served in the White House as Deputy Director of the National Economic Council and Deputy Assistant to the President on Economic Policy Karen Persichilli Keogh is the Head of Global Philanthropy for JPMorgan Chase & Co., responsible for directing the firm’s overall Corporate Responsibility strategy and philanthropic investments.  She has an extensive background in government and politics with experience on the national, state and local levels. SEE ALSO: There's a need for co-opetition on Wall Street NOW WATCH: Here's the workout routine a retired US Navy admiral uses to stay in tip-top shape Loading video... More: JPMorgan gender gap facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The gender wage gap gets a lot of attention, but another metric is even more disconcerting The gender wage gap gets a lot of attention, but another metric is even more disconcerting It’s an interesting time to be a woman. For... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Billionaire Steve Cohen hired 2 investors from the CIA's secretive VC fund for a new Palo Alto office Rachael Levy May 15, 2017, 5:12 PM 8,088 facebook linkedin twitter email print Steve Cohen. Point72 Billionaire Steve Cohen has opened a Palo Alto office to invest in early-stage companies focused on big data and machine learning, and he has hired two people who invested on behalf of the CIA. The two men leading the effort are Daniel Gwak and Sri Chandrasekar, who previously worked at In-Q-Tel, a venture capital firm that is mostly funded by the Central Intelligence Agency. The pair started their new roles on May 1, according to Matthew Granade, Point72's chief market intelligence officer. The new Silicon Valley office is part of Point72 Ventures, Cohen's venture capital unit, which is legally separate from his $11 billion family office, Point72 Asset Management. Both manage Cohen's billions. Cohen launched Point72 Ventures last year, hiring Pete Casella of JPMorgan Chase Strategic Investments to help lead the effort. Point72 Ventures expects to eventually expand its new Palo Alto office and add more staffers, Granade told Business Insider. LinkedIn "Machine learning and AI are playing an ever increasing role in solving problems," Granade said. At In-Q-Tel, the CIA venture capital firm, Gwak and Chandrasekar "had a great vantage point in how these companies were getting started, what was working and not working," he added. Gwak and Chandrasekar didn't respond to requests for comment. At In-Q-Tel, Gwak focused on enterprise analytics and infrastructure companies, and Chandrasekar led an artificial intelligence lab, according to bios provided by Point72.  Their new group is tech-focused, and could involve a range of companies, such as those looking at natural language processing, automating trucks or cars, or synthesizing news. Granade declined to put a figure at how much money the venture arm plans to invest, but said he expected the group to invest in 10 to 20 companies a year. "Steve [Cohen] has a fairly good sized balance sheet," Granade said. "Because we're operating through Steve, we can be very opportunistic when we're seeing things." The Intercept reported last year that In-Q-Tel has been specializing in companies that mine data on Twitter and other social networks. And the Wall Street Journal reported that some of In-Q-Tel's board members have ties to some of the companies the fund has invested in.  Sri Chandrasekar LinkedIn The Securities and Exchange Commission in 2013 banned Cohen's $16 billion predecessor firm, SAC Capital, from managing outside money after it pleaded guilty to securities fraud. Cohen subsequently launched Point72 as a family office to run his billions of wealth. A Cohen-led organization can accept outside investors' money again starting next year. More from Rachael Levy: NOW WATCH: THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple Loading video... More: Hedge Funds Point72 Asset Management Steve Cohen facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Billionaire Steve Cohen hired 2 investors from the CIA's secretive VC fund for a new Palo Alto office Billionaire Steve Cohen hired 2 investors from the CIA's secretive VC fund for a new Palo Alto office Billionaire Steve Cohen has opened a Palo... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Stocks close higher on strength in tech and energy CNBC Fred Imbert 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Counties where the American dream is dead America's fastest growing cities Click to expand Replay Video Ford plans to slash jobs by 10 percent Ford plans to shrink its salaried workforce in North America and Asia by about 10 percent as it works to boost profits and its sliding stock price, a source familiar with the plan told Reuters. Havovi Cooper reports. Reuters Hackers demand ransom for stolen Disney movie FBN's Hillary Vaughn on hackers demanding money for a stolen Disney movie. Fox Business Here's how to protect yourself against the WannaCry ransomware attack The Washington Post SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Dow turns positive for May CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Ford plans to slash jobs by 10 percent Reuters1:09 Hackers demand ransom for stolen Disney movie Fox Business1:43 Here's how to protect yourself against the WannaCry ransomware attack The Washington Post1:46 Is the mall dead? CNN Money1:33 Tiny remote island is getting buried under plastic trash Newsy0:57 This 30-year-old just saved $6,000 by learning how to cook CNBC3:25 Home Depot avoids retail woes with homeowner boost Bloomberg3:27 How Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook could get you into college Veuer0:56 Department stores see bigger job losses than coal mines Veuer0:44 China's new 'Silk Road': Big plan, big challenges? Reuters1:53 Disney faces tough questions about ESPN The Wall Street Journal.0:37 These states have the highest cost of living in the US CNBC0:59 HTC unveils 'squeezy' phone for selfies BBC News1:23 Explore the shipwrecked Titanic for $105,000 The Wall Street Journal.0:58 Could worldwide cyber attack lead to crackdown on bitcoin? Fox Business5:03 Tesla's solar roof may be stylish, but is it affordable? Newsy0:42 UP NEXT The S&P 500 and Nasdaq composite closed at record highs on Monday after a rise in tech and oil prices. The S&P climbed about 0.5 percent, with materials leading advancers. Energy was also among the best performers after a sharp rise in crude prices. Quotes in the article Cisco Systems Inc CSCO ▲ 34.30 +0.07 +0.20% Homeland Security Corp HSCC = 0.0255 0.0000 0.00% Johnson & Johnson JNJ ▲ 127.77 +0.78 +0.61% JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM ▲ 87.61 +0.27 +0.31% AdChoices West Texas Intermediate futures spiked 2.11 percent to settle at $48.85 per barrel after the Russian and Saudi energy ministers said the two countries agreed to extend a production cut until March 2018. "This is a snap-back rally in crude. The rubber band had stretched too long below $55 per barrel; now we're around $50," said Joe Sowin, head of global equity trading at Highland Capital Management. That said, an increase production from the U.S. could cap energy's gains, said Jason Pride, director of investment strategy at Glenmede. "Our Take: Oil should trade in the $50-70 range as increased demand is met by supply from U.S. share oil producers," Pride said in a note Monday. The Nasdaq, meanwhile, was led higher by a rise in large-cap tech stocks, including Facebook and Alphabet. Shares of tech giant Apple also hit record highs. The Dow Jones industrial average also closed higher as Cisco Systems' stock popped on the back of a massive cyberattack. A "ransomware" virus dubbed WannaCry hit 200,000 in more than 100 countries on Friday. The virus locked up computers in car factories, hospitals and schools. Load Error President Donald Trump ordered Homeland Security Adviser Tom Bossert to hold an emergency meeting Friday night to assess the threat posed by the attack, Reuters reported. The PureFunds ISE Cyber Security ETF (HACK) rose more than 3 percent, putting it on track for its best day of the year. The Dow also received a boost from Johnson & Johnson, which rose 2.71 percent after JPMorgan upgraded the stock. Equities have traded near record levels recently as investors have shrugged off conflict in Washington that could derail the implementation of pro-growth policies as well as geopolitical tensions. "Investors have been desensitized with all the news about North Korea and out of Washington," said Christian Magoon, CEO of Amplify ETFs. "I think it;s doing them a disservice." North Korea said this weekend it tested a new type of missile that can carry a nuclear warhead. However, the U.S. military's Pacific Command said on Sunday the type of missile that was fired was "not consistent" with an ICBM and South Korea's military played down the North's claim of technical progress on atmospheric re-entry. "Everything seems to slide off this market," said Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank. "Other than a potentially cataclysmic event in Washington, ... I think the slowdown in economic data" could threaten the market in the next 3-to-6 months. "In the meantime, the market continues to hold up with its Teflon curtain." Jeffrey Saut, chief investment strategist at Raymond James, said in a note that he expects stocks to break into new records later this week, citing his models. "While our models are not always right, they are right more times than they are wrong and hereto we are tilting portfolios accordingly." In economic news, the National Association of Home Builders survey showed sentiment among home builders came in at 70 for May. Anything above 50 is considered positive sentiment. The index was at 58 in May of last year. Meanwhile, the Empire State manufacturing index dropped to negative 1 in May from a print of 5.2 last month. The Dow Jones industrial average (.DJI) rose 85.33 points, or 0.41 percent, to close at 20,981.94, with Johnson & Johnson leading advancers and Verizon lagging. The S&P 500 (.SPX) gained 11.42 points, or 0.48 percent, to end at 2,402.32, with materials leading nine sectors higher and telecommunications and consumer discretionary lagging. The Nasdaq (.IXIC) advanced 28.44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 6,149.67. About three stocks advanced for every decliner at the New York Stock Exchange, with an exchange volume of 849.01 million and a composite volume of 3.460 billion at the close. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) (.VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 10.4. —Reuters contributed to this report. On tap this week: Monday Earnings: Noah Holdings, DXP Enterprises 4:00 p.m. TIC data Tuesday Earnings: Home Depot, TJX Cos, Dick's Sporting Goods, Weibo, Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Urban Outfitters, Jack in the Box, Vodafone, Staples, Manchester United 8:30 a.m. Housing starts 8:30 a.m. Business leaders survey 9:15 a.m. Industrial production Wednesday Earnings: Target, L Brands, Cisco System, Tencent, American Eagle Outfitters, Flower Foods, ZTO Express, Rexnord 7:00 a.m. Mortgage applications Thursday Earnings: Wal-Mart, Alibaba, Applied Materials, Autodesk, Salesforce.com, Gap, Burberry, Ralph Lauren, McKesson, Ross Stores, Buckle, Eagle Materials 8:30 a.m. Initial claims 8:30 a.m. Philadelphia Fed survey 1:00 p.m. Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester Friday Earnings:Campbell Soup, Deere, Foot Locker 9:15 a.m. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Top News and Analysis CNBC Latest News Video CNBC Personal Finance CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Market commentary from Anthony Mirhaydari for InvestorPlace Nasdaq closes higher for three-day win streak Stocks close higher on big tech, oil boom Stocks close lower as retail bloodbath slams J.C. Penney Stocks threaten to break down amid Comey turmoil James Comey's firing clouds mixed day of trading S&P 500 drifts aimlessly as May doldrums continue Dow crawls despite Apple surge Dow retakes 21,000 on strong job gains Stocks stall amid commodities crush, big tech weakness Stocks mixed as Federal Reserve signals June rate hike Stocks mixed as market euphoria deepens Stocks close higher on big tech, oil boom 2 / 11 InvestorPlace Anthony Mirhaydari 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Nasdaq closes higher for three-day win streak Stocks close lower as retail bloodbath slams J.C. Penney Click to expand Replay Video Ford plans to slash jobs by 10 percent Ford plans to shrink its salaried workforce in North America and Asia by about 10 percent as it works to boost profits and its sliding stock price, a source familiar with the plan told Reuters. Havovi Cooper reports. Reuters Hackers demand ransom for stolen Disney movie FBN's Hillary Vaughn on hackers demanding money for a stolen Disney movie. Fox Business Here's how to protect yourself against the WannaCry ransomware attack The Washington Post SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Wall Street hits records Reuters See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Ford plans to slash jobs by 10 percent Reuters1:09 Hackers demand ransom for stolen Disney movie Fox Business1:43 Here's how to protect yourself against the WannaCry ransomware attack The Washington Post1:46 Is the mall dead? CNN Money1:33 Tiny remote island is getting buried under plastic trash Newsy0:57 This 30-year-old just saved $6,000 by learning how to cook CNBC3:25 Home Depot avoids retail woes with homeowner boost Bloomberg3:27 How Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook could get you into college Veuer0:56 Department stores see bigger job losses than coal mines Veuer0:44 China's new 'Silk Road': Big plan, big challenges? Reuters1:53 Disney faces tough questions about ESPN The Wall Street Journal.0:37 These states have the highest cost of living in the US CNBC0:59 HTC unveils 'squeezy' phone for selfies BBC News1:23 Explore the shipwrecked Titanic for $105,000 The Wall Street Journal.0:58 Could worldwide cyber attack lead to crackdown on bitcoin? Fox Business5:03 Tesla's solar roof may be stylish, but is it affordable? Newsy0:42 UP NEXT Video by Reuters Quotes in the article FireEye Inc FEYE ▼ 15.65 -0.25 -1.57% Johnson & Johnson JNJ ▲ 127.77 +0.78 +0.61% Sears Holdings Corp SHLD ▲ 8.32 +0.01 +0.12% JC Penney Co Inc JCP ▲ 4.60 +0.26 +5.99% AdChoices U.S. equities climbed higher on Monday in a continuation of the easy, low volatility conditions that have dominated over the past three months. Large-cap stocks, as measured by the S&P 500, closed above the 2,400 level for the first time, bagging another high. In the end, the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.4%, the S&P wafted up 0.5%, the Nasdaq Composite added 0.5% and the Russell 2000 gained 0.8%. Treasury bonds weakened, the dollar was lower, gold gained 0.2% and oil rose 2.1% on word Saudi Arabia and Russia backed an extension of recent output cuts.© Provided by InvestorPlace Breadth was heavily positive, at 3.1 advancing issues to every decliner on the NYSE while volume was in line with the 30-day average. Trivago NV – ADR (NASDAQ:TRVG) gained 12% on in-line earnings and a revenue beat on increased ad spending. FireEye Inc (NASDAQ:FEYE) gained 7.5% in the wake of Friday’s “WannaCry” ransomware attack, as Goldman noted the company could see an increase in its incident-response business. The 10 Best Stocks for a "Set It and Forget It" Summer Portfolio And Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) gained 2.7% on an upgrade to overweight at JPMorgan on expectations of a turnaround in revenue growth and sentiment. On the downside, Sears Holding Corp (NASDAQ:SHLD) continued the bloodbath underway in the retail space falling 12.4% on reports Craftsman tool supplier One World was threatening a lawsuit to improve its contract terms. J C Penney Company Inc (NYSE:JCP) fell 4.6% on a bevy of analyst downgrades following weak earnings last week. Read more from Anthony Mirhaydari and other top money experts Load Error And Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) fell 2.8% on a downgrade from Morgan Stanley on likely competitive pressures from Big Tech firms like Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), which may not be discounted in the share price. Turning to the economic data, the calendar was relatively quiet. The Empire Manufacturing Index slipped on a drop in new orders while employment measures remained strong. Homebuilder sentiment improved to the best reading of the year.© Provided by InvestorPlace On a technical basis, despite the day’s gains, the number of new 52-week highs on the NYSE increased 31% to 54 issues triggering another Hindenburg Omen as this, combined with a rollover in medium-term measures of breadth, suggest buying exhaustion is setting in. Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge (ETFs) and Edge Pro (Options) investment advisory newsletters. A two-week and four-week free trial offer has been extended to MSN Money readers. Redeem by clicking the links above. Previous Next Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from InvestorPlace Why Intel Corporation (INTC) Stock Will Benefit From AMD Deal InvestorPlace Etsy Inc (ETSY) Stock Pops 24% on a Big Activist Stakes InvestorPlace Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock Is Going to Add Some Muscle InvestorPlace InvestorPlace View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Five Point Holdings, LLC Announces Closing of Initial Public Offering and Full Exercise of Underwriters’ Option to Purchase Additional Shares ALISO VIEJO, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Five Point Holdings, LLC (“FivePoint”), an owner and developer of mixed-use master-planned communities in coastal California, today announced the closing of its public offering of Class A common shares at $14.00 per share. FivePoint sold 24,150,000 Class A common shares, including 3,150,000 shares pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. FivePoint’s net proceeds from the offering were approximately $320 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and before offering expenses. FivePoint also received $100 million of additional proceeds from a concurrent private placement to Lennar Corporation. FivePoint’s Class A common shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “FPH.” Citigroup, J.P. Morgan, RBC Capital Markets and Wells Fargo Securities are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering and as representatives of the underwriters. Deutsche Bank Securities, Evercore ISI, Zelman Partners LLC and JMP Securities are also acting as joint book-running managers. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from: Citigroup, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling 1-800-831-9146; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling 1-866-803-9204; RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, Three World Financial Center, 200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor, New York, New York 10281-8098, by email at equityprospectus@rbccm.com, or by calling 1-877-822-4089; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, 375 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10152, by email at cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com, or by calling 1-800-326-5897. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with, and declared effective by, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About FivePoint FivePoint, headquartered in Aliso Viejo, California, designs and develops mixed-use, master-planned communities in coastal California. FivePoint is developing vibrant and sustainable communities in Orange County, Los Angeles County, and San Francisco County that will offer homes, commercial, retail, educational, and recreational elements as well as civic areas, parks, and open spaces. FivePoint’s three communities are: Great Park Neighborhoods® in Irvine, Newhall Ranch® near Valencia, and The San Francisco Shipyard/Candlestick Point in the City of San Francisco. The communities are planned to include approximately 40,000 residential homes and approximately 21 million square feet of commercial space, plus infrastructure. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains “forward-looking statements.” You can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “believe,” “will,” “plans,” “expects” and “intends.” Forward-looking statements are based on FivePoint’s current expectations and assumptions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements, which are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are set forth in our filings with the SEC, including our registration statement on Form S-11, as amended from time to time, under the caption “Risk Factors.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Irrigation Technology, an Option that Improves the Quality of Life of Small Farmers in Ecuador Next PostNext Colaborando entre Continentes : Moçambique, Brasil e Banco Mundial Aprofundam Cooperação Sul-Sul em Desenvolvimento Rural Sustentável Search Recent Posts Global Malonic Acid Market Report by Top Manufacturers : Lonza, Trace Zero, Tateyamakasei Middle East High-density Polyethylene (HDPE) Market Segmented by Product Type, Services, Size, Shares, Applications, Growth Rate and Forecast by 2022 Alternators Market Share Worldwide Industry Growth, Size, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Global Fire Retardant Plywood Market Sales, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share Forecast to 2022 Find a happier, healthier, shiner new you at the Melbourne MindBodySpirit Festival! Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Five Point Holdings, LLC Announces Closing of Initial Public Offering and Full Exercise of Underwriters’ Option to Purchase Additional Shares ALISO VIEJO, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Five Point Holdings, LLC (“FivePoint”), an owner and developer of mixed-use master-planned communities in coastal California, today announced the closing of its public offering of Class A common shares at $14.00 per share. FivePoint sold 24,150,000 Class A common shares, including 3,150,000 shares pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. FivePoint’s net proceeds from the offering were approximately $320 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and before offering expenses. FivePoint also received $100 million of additional proceeds from a concurrent private placement to Lennar Corporation. FivePoint’s Class A common shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “FPH.” Citigroup, J.P. Morgan, RBC Capital Markets and Wells Fargo Securities are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering and as representatives of the underwriters. Deutsche Bank Securities, Evercore ISI, Zelman Partners LLC and JMP Securities are also acting as joint book-running managers. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from: Citigroup, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling 1-800-831-9146; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling 1-866-803-9204; RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, Three World Financial Center, 200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor, New York, New York 10281-8098, by email at equityprospectus@rbccm.com, or by calling 1-877-822-4089; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, 375 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10152, by email at cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com, or by calling 1-800-326-5897. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with, and declared effective by, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About FivePoint FivePoint, headquartered in Aliso Viejo, California, designs and develops mixed-use, master-planned communities in coastal California. FivePoint is developing vibrant and sustainable communities in Orange County, Los Angeles County, and San Francisco County that will offer homes, commercial, retail, educational, and recreational elements as well as civic areas, parks, and open spaces. FivePoint’s three communities are: Great Park Neighborhoods® in Irvine, Newhall Ranch® near Valencia, and The San Francisco Shipyard/Candlestick Point in the City of San Francisco. The communities are planned to include approximately 40,000 residential homes and approximately 21 million square feet of commercial space, plus infrastructure. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains “forward-looking statements.” You can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “believe,” “will,” “plans,” “expects” and “intends.” Forward-looking statements are based on FivePoint’s current expectations and assumptions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements, which are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are set forth in our filings with the SEC, including our registration statement on Form S-11, as amended from time to time, under the caption “Risk Factors.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CNH Industrial announces pricing of its offering of Euro 500,000,000 guaranteed 1.375% notes due May 2022 Next PostNext Doorstop with the Hon. Gladys Berejiklian MP, Premier of New South Wales Senator the Hon. Marise Payne, Minister for Defence and the Hon. Christopher Pyne MP, Minister for Defence Industry Search Recent Posts Global Malonic Acid Market Report by Top Manufacturers : Lonza, Trace Zero, Tateyamakasei Middle East High-density Polyethylene (HDPE) Market Segmented by Product Type, Services, Size, Shares, Applications, Growth Rate and Forecast by 2022 Alternators Market Share Worldwide Industry Growth, Size, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Global Fire Retardant Plywood Market Sales, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share Forecast to 2022 Find a happier, healthier, shiner new you at the Melbourne MindBodySpirit Festival! Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Golfsmith International Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Golfsmith International Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Golfsmith International Holdings, Inc. Boosted by Analyst (GOLF) TransCanada Co. (TRP) PT Raised to C$76.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Timmins Gold Corp. (TMM) PT Raised to C$1.00 TransAtlantic Petroleum Ltd (TNP) Cut to Hold at TD Securities CIBC Raises Sleep Country Canada Holdings Inc (ZZZ) Price Target to C$44.00 WSP Global Inc (WSP) Price Target Raised to C$58.00 at TD Securities BMO Capital Markets Trims Trinidad Drilling Ltd. (TDG) Target Price to C$3.00 K2M Group Holdings Inc (KTWO) Insider George Z. Moratis Sells 1,000 Shares GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Insider Patrick Vallance Buys 7 Shares of Stock Agree Realty Co. (ADC) Position Decreased by Baird Financial Group Inc. Motley Fool Asset Management LLC Purchases 95,300 Shares of Ctrip.Com International Ltd (CTRP) Motley Fool Asset Management LLC Has $6.297 Million Position in Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY Sells 1,200 Shares of Sensient Technologies Co. (SXT) Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY Maintains Stake in Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY Acquires 629,965 Shares of Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY Sells 4,000 Shares of Qorvo Inc (QRVO) Microsemi Co. (MSCC) Stake Lowered by Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY Meet Group Inc (MEET) Stake Raised by Alambic Investment Management L.P. Alambic Investment Management L.P. Has $2.515 Million Stake in Cree, Inc. (CREE) Acorda Therapeutics Inc (ACOR) Shares Bought by Alambic Investment Management L.P. Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Golfsmith International Holdings, Inc. Boosted by Analyst (GOLF) May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Golfsmith International Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:GOLF) – Equities researchers at Jefferies Group increased their Q1 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for Golfsmith International Holdings in a research report issued on Friday. Jefferies Group analyst R. Konik now expects that the specialty retailer will post earnings per share of $0.55 for the quarter, up from their prior forecast of $0.42. Jefferies Group has a “Buy” rating and a $25.00 price objective on the stock. Jefferies Group also issued estimates for Golfsmith International Holdings’ FY2018 earnings at $1.33 EPS. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/q1-2017-eps-estimates-for-golfsmith-international-holdings-inc-boosted-by-analyst-golf.html. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently commented on GOLF. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Golfsmith International Holdings from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Forward View started coverage on shares of Golfsmith International Holdings in a research note on Monday, February 6th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $19.00 price objective on the stock. Imperial Capital lowered their price objective on shares of Golfsmith International Holdings from $20.00 to $19.00 and set an “in-line” rating on the stock in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Roth Capital set a $25.00 price objective on shares of Golfsmith International Holdings and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, March 25th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Golfsmith International Holdings has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $22.00. Golfsmith International Holdings (NASDAQ:GOLF) opened at 19.70 on Monday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $18.11 and its 200-day moving average is $18.53. Golfsmith International Holdings has a 52-week low of $16.84 and a 52-week high of $22.31. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.47 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.93. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Wellington Management Group LLP boosted its stake in Golfsmith International Holdings by 27.4% in the first quarter. Wellington Management Group LLP now owns 3,831,257 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $66,205,000 after buying an additional 824,246 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Golfsmith International Holdings by 39.3% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,548,698 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $61,322,000 after buying an additional 1,001,850 shares in the last quarter. Levin Capital Strategies L.P. boosted its stake in Golfsmith International Holdings by 58.6% in the first quarter. Levin Capital Strategies L.P. now owns 2,335,024 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $40,349,000 after buying an additional 863,176 shares in the last quarter. Thornburg Investment Management Inc. purchased a new stake in Golfsmith International Holdings during the fourth quarter valued at about $36,269,000. Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in Golfsmith International Holdings by 7.9% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 1,641,775 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $28,370,000 after buying an additional 120,015 shares in the last quarter. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 16th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be paid a dividend of $0.12 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 31st. This represents a $0.48 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.44%. About Golfsmith International Holdings Receive News & Ratings for Golfsmith International Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Golfsmith International Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » India Business News » MPC is turning out to be more conservative and anti-inflationary than RBI Facebook posts $3 bn profit in Q1 H-1B effect: Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal MPC is turning out to be more conservative and anti-inflationary than RBIMC Govardhana Rangan The MPC is becoming more conservative & anti-inflationary than what the RBI would have been. It is seen prematurely shifting stance in interest rate cycle. | ET Bureau | Updated: May 17, 2017, 09.20 AM IST The MPC is evolving in stature as it debates more and matures over a period of time. It may be taking correct ... Read More When outsiders were inducted into Monetary Policy Committee to set interest rates, it was seen as an encroachment into RBI’s territory and undermining of the governor. After four meetings, the MPC is gaining currency for independence, albeit slowly, writes MC Govardhana Rangan: When the fledgling Monetary Policy Committee came up with a “unanimous” decision for the fourth straight meeting last month to pause on the interest rate, almost all hopes of it living up to expectations of vibrant debate and dissentions were buried. Come April 20, the minutes of the meeting came as a bolt from the blue. When the MPC decided to hold rates, Michael Patra, an executive director at the Reserve Bank of India and a member of the MPC, suggested something that the governor or the deputy governor did not — ‘a pre-emptive 25 basis points increase in the policy rate’ now to avoid falling behind the curve. The six-member committee comprising three from the RBI, and three external members — an experiment to take Indian monetary policy setting to global standards — is getting wings. As the norm is in financial markets, the committee is also throwing up a lot of surprises. Setting up of the committee was criticised as interfering in RBI’s autonomy and undermining of the role of the governor. The argument was that the government’s nominees would drive the agenda of the ruling party and make life easier for businesses with cheap credit. Seven months later, the reality is different. “The government nominees have strong academic credentials and so far have been both thorough and independent in their views as reflected in the MPC minutes,” says Jahangir Aziz, economist at JP Morgan. During a period where it was not just the inflation, but factors like demonetisation played an important role, the members have been going beyond the factors that influence prices. “With the hindsight of the last seven months, the assessment is that the MPC members have asserted their independence,” says Sonal Varma, economist at Nomura Securities. “The latest round of minutes (April policy) do suggest that there is a growing divergence in views between various MPC members.” Although all MPC actions may not have turned out the way predicted by economists in financial markets, the members have shown independence in thinking. Yes, there were bouncers, but the blame also lies with the market for failing to tune up to new realities. At the very first meeting in October, it reduced policy interest rates when inflation expectations were rising and consensus was for a pause. Poor communication led to misinterpretation of the pillar of MPC, inflation targeting. “It is in the context of unanticipated shocks to the future evolution of inflation that the rationale of setting India’s inflation target at 4% with a tolerance band of +/- 2% can be appreciated,” said RBI governor Urjit Patel. This was misinterpreted as the tolerable limit for MPC is 6% rather than its mandate to achieve 4%, leaving scope for growth lobbyists to hijack the agenda. But it deserved a benefit of doubt being the first experiment. Financial markets reacted as if the world was coming to an end when the government demonetised high-value currency notes. But the MPC not only avoided falling to the trap of “offsetting” the loss to the economy with lower interest rates, but stood firm to wait and see how events unfolded. “We should remember that even though RBI’s projection on inflation was higher than the actual in 1Q17. Their expectations of a short-lived dip due to demonetisation played out,” says Radhika Rao, economist at DBS in Singapore. When talking heads across the spectrum pontificated how the economy would collapse and why the MPC should cut rates to keep the economy humming, the surge in liquidity automatically led to lower lending rates. Domonetisation did what even many policy rate cuts by the RBI could not do — bring down market rates. SBI cut its Marginal Cost Lending Rate 90 basis points, and the yield on one-year paper fell to as low as 5.96% in November, from 6.46% before demonetisation. The central bank had to struggle with ad hoc measures including raising the Cash Reserve Ratio, the proportion of deposits banks should keep with the RBI. The MPC is turning out to be more conservative and anti-inflationary than what the RBI would have been. It is seen prematurely shifting its stance in the interest rate cycle. In February, it shifted the stance to neutral from accommodative sending shock among investors. “The shift to a neutral stance was consistent with the Inflation Targeting framework,” says JP Morgan’s Azis. “Current conditions matter far less than forecast of future conditions. In their assessment, over the next 12-18 months, output gap would close and with that pressures on core inflation would arise that would make it difficult to reach the inflation target of 4% in the next 12-18 months with an accommodative stance and so the shift to a neutral position.” RBI’s Patra saying, “a preemptive 25 basis points increase in the policy rate now will point us better at the target of 4% to which the Committee has committed explicitly” gives a peep into the debate that goes on inside the MPC. “The statement on a preemptive hike was a surprise, but very broadly, the minutes suggest that most MPC members see the recent inflation moderation as transitory; they are very focused on the 4% target; they are worried about factors such as the HRA hike, GST, closing output gap, higher perishable food inflation post-remonetisation affecting headline inflation and inflationary expectations,” says Varma of Nomura. But the question is why Patra voted for a pause despite raising fears of being left behind in the battle to tame prices. Is it the need to project a sort of consensus publicly even after expressing contrary views in the discussions? “I think we are splitting hair in this case,” says JP Morgan’s Aziz. “What is important is that different voices are being heard in the MPC.” The MPC is evolving in stature as it debates more and matures over a period of time. It may be taking correct decisions that are appropriate for the economy. But it also has the responsibility of communicating and educating the financial markets on its role and how it comes to conclusions, especially on how it forecasts inflation where there seems to be a disconnect between it and the markets. Under inflation targeting, it is what the inflation is likely to be 12 to 18 months down the line and not what it was last month, or the quarter. Between the MPC and the market, it is the investors who seem to be lacking on what the current set-up means. Those who were used to a system since independence may have to put in more efforts to understand what the MPC’s mandate is and how it would work to achieve it. “I think market is yet to get used to an IT framework and still believes that this is the same as balancing growth with inflation objectives as we did in the past,” says JPMorgan’s Aziz. “Inflation Targeting is very different.” Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Find Modern Tools For A Collaborative Classroom Microsoft Enjoy the Scenery at these Connecticut Outdoor Dining Spots Connecticut Tourism Tom Cruise's Magnificent Mansion Will Leave You In Awe Lonny More from The Times of India Love turns 'evil', woman kills herself in Patiala Lawmakers ask Trump to turn over any Comey tapes Beijing plans to turn Pakistan into its economic colony From the Web More From The Times of India Have You Seen These Top Crossover SUVs?Crossover SUV - Sponsored Ads Savage Zebra Attack Caught Live On CameraDailyfeed What Could Be Causing Your ED?WebMD 10 Signs and Symptoms of Colon Cancerrmhealthy 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,..TheFinancialWord.com Saudi king touts Trump's Islamic summit as 'new partnership' Aman Verma's wedding postponed - Times of India Indian-American doctor shot dead in Michigan Indian-origin couple's murder in US: Family in shock Indian-origin woman kills self over 'abuse by boyfriend' ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Not correct to assume IT industry going for big job cuts: Government Women’s cricket: India openers put on a world record 320-run stand Salve: ICJ denying permission to play Jadhav's video setback to Pak New Zealand is a Top Pick for the Adventurous  Ad: Travel Leaders Vendors' association seeks stay on Snapdeal sale till dues are paid With the impending sale of beleaguered ecommerce platform Snapdeal to Flipkart, several online sellers have raised concern about payment of dues for sales on the platform, pushing online seller group All India Online Vendors Association (AIOVA) to seek help from the corporate affairs ministry and the commerce ministry. The group has also threatened to make a civil complaint to bring a stay on the sale. Sensex scales Mount 30,500; Nifty breaches 9,500 for first time ever Continuing their record-breaking spree, benchmark indices hit new closing peaks as investors remained bullish on better-than-expected corporate earnings, good rainfall prospects and firm global cues. The S&P BSE Sensex zoomed 260 points to settle the day at its fresh lifetime high of 30,582.60. The broader Nifty50 index of National Stock Exchange (NSE) too touched its lifetime high of 9,512.25. From around the Web The World Is Taking Notice Of Russias New Super Tank HistoryInOrbit.com Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These.. New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads India arrests 70 workers in U.S. call-center scam Reuters TV Summer Has Arrived with Off The Shoulder Dresses, Jean Sho.. Advice from a Twenty Something | Old Navy More From The Times of India Pune Catfish neglected due to lack of conservation efforts Follow CERT-In instructions on WannaCry attack: RBI to banks ‘Now CM’s turn to take action against Lalu’ Read Morereserve bank of indiaRBImonetary policy committeeInflationdemonetisation Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Poaching pilots set to get tougher Govt tells NITI Aayog to draw a road map for ailing Air India Road to GST: From mountain of paper bills to flood of electronic challans Suzuki to pump Rs 6,000 crore into Gujarat plant, double capacity 1MPC is turning out to be more conservative and anti-inflationary than RBI 2Poaching pilots set to get tougher 3Govt tells NITI Aayog to draw a road map for ailing Air India 4Road to GST: From mountain of paper bills to flood of electronic challans 5Suzuki to pump Rs 6,000 crore into Gujarat plant, double capacity Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Karti Chidambaram Sensex RPS vs MI Fire at Oberon mall 3 Years of Modi Chidambaram Live: Bengal Civic Poll Results XXX Return of Xander Cage Baahubali Box Office Priyanka Chopra Bikini Pics TV Shows Sunny Leone Photos services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Maruti Dzire 2017 Aam Aadmi Party PM Modi Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos Baahubali 2 Collection Health & Fitness Tips Rangoli Designs Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics OBOR IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table xXx Sensex Yeh Hai Mohabbatein Kumkum Bhagya How to Get Pregnant Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mercadolibre Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercadolibre Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Quanta Services Inc (PWR) Shares Sold by Brown Capital Management LLC Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. Has $75.092 Million Position in Leucadia National Corp. (LUK) Tegna Inc (TGNA) Stake Boosted by Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC Brown Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Orbotech Ltd (ORBK) Brown Capital Management LLC Sells 39 Shares of Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC Cuts Stake in W. R. Berkley Corp (WRB) RWC Asset Management LLP Boosts Position in Tripadvisor Inc (TRIP) Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. Raises Position in White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd (WTM) Bp Plc Lowers Position in Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. Has $8.843 Million Stake in Argo Group International Holdings, Ltd. (AGII) $659.3 Million in Sales Expected for Applied Industrial Technologies (AIT) This Quarter Analysts Set Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Price Target at $30.03 Office Depot (ODP) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. (PPBI) Director Simone Lagomarsino Sells 6,250 Shares Masonite International Corp (DOOR) Insider Robert Edgar Lewis Sells 3,500 Shares of Stock PennantPark Investment Corp. (PNNT) Chairman Arthur H. Penn Acquires 28,000 Shares Forward Air Co. (FWRD) CAO Michael P. Mclean Sells 3,333 Shares Model N (MODN) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.31 Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Sells 38,000 Shares of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC Has $1.985 Million Stake in Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) Brown Capital Management LLC Sells 39 Shares of Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Brown Capital Management LLC decreased its position in Mercadolibre Inc (NASDAQ:MELI) by 0.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 21,332 shares of the company’s stock after selling 39 shares during the period. Brown Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Mercadolibre were worth $4,511,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of MELI. Van ECK Associates Corp acquired a new position in Mercadolibre during the fourth quarter worth approximately $107,000. Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt purchased a new stake in shares of Mercadolibre during the first quarter valued at about $169,000. Investec Asset Management LTD purchased a new stake in shares of Mercadolibre during the fourth quarter valued at about $173,000. Mitchell Capital Management Co. purchased a new stake in shares of Mercadolibre during the first quarter valued at about $205,000. Finally, Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. increased its stake in shares of Mercadolibre by 3.0% in the first quarter. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. now owns 1,060 shares of the company’s stock valued at $210,000 after buying an additional 31 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 76.61% of the company’s stock. Shares of Mercadolibre Inc (NASDAQ:MELI) traded up 0.33% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $297.22. 611,876 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $234.00 and a 200 day moving average price of $193.49. The firm has a market cap of $13.12 billion, a PE ratio of 84.87 and a beta of 2.17. Mercadolibre Inc has a 12 month low of $126.10 and a 12 month high of $297.95. Mercadolibre (NASDAQ:MELI) last released its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $1.10 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.78 by $0.32. The firm had revenue of $273.90 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $247.85 million. Mercadolibre had a net margin of 16.13% and a return on equity of 38.86%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 73.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.68 earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that Mercadolibre Inc will post $4.79 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 17th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 30th will be paid a $0.15 dividend. This represents a $0.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.20%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 28th. Mercadolibre’s payout ratio is 21.43%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/brown-capital-management-llc-sells-39-shares-of-mercadolibre-inc-meli.html. Several equities research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Mercadolibre from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and raised their target price for the company from $296.24 to $300.00 in a research note on Tuesday. Credit Suisse Group AG raised their target price on shares of Mercadolibre from $260.00 to $290.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $275.00 target price (up from $213.00) on shares of Mercadolibre in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. Barclays PLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $275.00 target price on shares of Mercadolibre in a research note on Sunday, May 7th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus raised their target price on shares of Mercadolibre from $185.00 to $220.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, February 24th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Mercadolibre currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $228.75. In other Mercadolibre news, VP Stelleo Tolda sold 2,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $211.00, for a total value of $422,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. 0.36% of the stock is owned by insiders. Mercadolibre Company Profile MercadoLibre, Inc is an e-commerce company. The Company enables commerce through its marketplace platform in Latin America, which is designed to provide users with a portfolio of services to facilitate commercial transactions. Its geographic segments are Brazil, Argentina, Mexico Venezuela and Other Countries (which includes Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Panama, Peru, Portugal, Guatemala, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay and the United States of America). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MELI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mercadolibre Inc (NASDAQ:MELI). Receive News & Ratings for Mercadolibre Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercadolibre Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News PNM Resources Inc (PNM) Shares Sold by Century Capital Management LLC 9,189 Shares in DISH Network Corp (DISH) Acquired by Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Acquires 94 Shares of CNOOC Ltd (CEO) Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Invests $1.035 Million in Heron Therapeutics Inc (HRTX) Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Reduces Position in Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd (NCLH) Siliconware Precision Industries (SPIL) Shares Sold by Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Thornburg Investment Management Inc. Increases Position in FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) Century Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Sells 395 Shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (ASR) BMC Stock Holdings Inc (BMCH) Shares Sold by Century Capital Management LLC Century Capital Management LLC Invests $23 Million in SPX Co. (SPXC) iRobot Co. (IRBT) Shares Sold by Century Capital Management LLC Nichols & Pratt Advisers LLP MA Increases Position in Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. (JKHY) Iteris Inc (ITI) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.04 Per Share Empire State Realty Trust (ESRT) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Roper Technologies (ROP) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.33 Johnson Outdoors (JOUT) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Favorable Media Coverage Unlikely to Affect Provident Financial Services (PFS) Share Price Scott Welch Sells 3,902 Shares of Five9 Inc (FIVN) Stock Five Point Holdings LLC (FPH) Insider Michael Alvarado Buys 14,000 Shares Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Sells 395 Shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (ASR) May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. decreased its position in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (NYSE:ASR) by 7.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 4,815 shares of the transportation company’s stock after selling 395 shares during the period. Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd.’s holdings in Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV were worth $834,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Comerica Bank increased its position in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV by 12.6% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 1,567 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $222,000 after buying an additional 175 shares during the period. FCA Corp TX bought a new position in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV during the first quarter worth about $225,000. Ellington Management Group LLC bought a new position in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV during the fourth quarter worth about $302,000. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. bought a new position in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV during the fourth quarter worth about $302,000. Finally, Guggenheim Capital LLC increased its position in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV by 22.4% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 2,178 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $313,000 after buying an additional 399 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 33.59% of the company’s stock. Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (NYSE:ASR) traded up 0.70% on Tuesday, reaching $194.68. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 114,289 shares. Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV has a 12-month low of $131.72 and a 12-month high of $206.68. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $186.12 and a 200 day moving average of $160.01. The company has a market capitalization of $58.40 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 277.32 and a beta of 0.66. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Sells 395 Shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (ASR)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/mirae-asset-global-investments-co-ltd-sells-395-shares-of-grupo-aeroportuario-dl-srst-sab-cv-asr.html. ASR has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Morgan Stanley upgraded Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating in a research note on Friday. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating, two have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $180.33. About Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV Grupo Aeroportuario del Sureste SAB de CV (ASUR) is a holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries hold concessions to operate, maintain and develop approximately nine airports in the southeast region of Mexico, as well as over 10 airports in Colombia. The Company operates through segments, including Cancun airport and subsidiaries (Cancun), the Villahermosa Airport (Villahermosa), the Merida airport (Merida) and Services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ASR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (NYSE:ASR). Receive News & Ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FleetCor Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FleetCor Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News PNM Resources Inc (PNM) Shares Sold by Century Capital Management LLC 9,189 Shares in DISH Network Corp (DISH) Acquired by Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Acquires 94 Shares of CNOOC Ltd (CEO) Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Invests $1.035 Million in Heron Therapeutics Inc (HRTX) Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Reduces Position in Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd (NCLH) Siliconware Precision Industries (SPIL) Shares Sold by Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Thornburg Investment Management Inc. Increases Position in FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) Century Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Sells 395 Shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (ASR) BMC Stock Holdings Inc (BMCH) Shares Sold by Century Capital Management LLC Century Capital Management LLC Invests $23 Million in SPX Co. (SPXC) iRobot Co. (IRBT) Shares Sold by Century Capital Management LLC Nichols & Pratt Advisers LLP MA Increases Position in Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. (JKHY) Iteris Inc (ITI) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.04 Per Share Empire State Realty Trust (ESRT) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Roper Technologies (ROP) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.33 Johnson Outdoors (JOUT) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Favorable Media Coverage Unlikely to Affect Provident Financial Services (PFS) Share Price Scott Welch Sells 3,902 Shares of Five9 Inc (FIVN) Stock Five Point Holdings LLC (FPH) Insider Michael Alvarado Buys 14,000 Shares Thornburg Investment Management Inc. Increases Position in FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Thornburg Investment Management Inc. increased its position in shares of FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:FLT) by 10.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 117,615 shares of the business services provider’s stock after buying an additional 10,733 shares during the period. Thornburg Investment Management Inc. owned about 0.13% of FleetCor Technologies worth $17,810,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. State of Alaska Department of Revenue acquired a new position in shares of FleetCor Technologies during the first quarter valued at about $104,000. Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of FleetCor Technologies by 112.9% in the first quarter. Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 745 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $113,000 after buying an additional 395 shares in the last quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank increased its position in shares of FleetCor Technologies by 26.6% in the first quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank now owns 1,015 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $154,000 after buying an additional 213 shares in the last quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. increased its position in shares of FleetCor Technologies by 31.3% in the third quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. now owns 1,069 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $186,000 after buying an additional 255 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Commerce Bank acquired a new position in shares of FleetCor Technologies during the first quarter valued at about $215,000. Institutional investors own 93.73% of the company’s stock. Shares of FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:FLT) traded down 0.39% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $139.57. 944,592 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company’s 50 day moving average is $144.04 and its 200-day moving average is $151.34. FleetCor Technologies, Inc. has a 52 week low of $121.52 and a 52 week high of $176.42. The firm has a market cap of $12.88 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.55 and a beta of 1.24. FleetCor Technologies (NYSE:FLT) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 1st. The business services provider reported $1.96 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.87 by $0.09. FleetCor Technologies had a net margin of 24.53% and a return on equity of 19.67%. The business had revenue of $520.43 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $514.56 million. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.53 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 25.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that FleetCor Technologies, Inc. will post $8.35 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Thornburg Investment Management Inc. Increases Position in FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/thornburg-investment-management-inc-increases-position-in-fleetcor-technologies-inc-flt.html. Several brokerages have recently issued reports on FLT. Compass Point upgraded FleetCor Technologies from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $170.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and set a $138.00 target price on shares of FleetCor Technologies in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Citigroup Inc set a $165.00 target price on FleetCor Technologies and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Zacks Investment Research raised FleetCor Technologies from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, February 13th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co set a $175.00 target price on FleetCor Technologies and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, thirteen have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $177.07. In other FleetCor Technologies news, CEO Armando Lins Netto purchased 750 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 9th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $133.44 per share, for a total transaction of $100,080.00. Following the purchase, the chief executive officer now owns 4,710 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $628,502.40. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Jeffrey Steven Sloan purchased 2,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 9th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $134.43 per share, for a total transaction of $268,860.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now directly owns 9,991 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,343,090.13. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have purchased 8,850 shares of company stock worth $1,208,985 and have sold 132,285 shares worth $21,356,887. Company insiders own 4.30% of the company’s stock. About FleetCor Technologies FleetCor Technologies, Inc is a provider of workforce payment products. The Company offers fuel card payments product solutions, corporate payments products, toll products, lodging cards and gift cards. The Company operates through two segments: North America and International. Its products are sold to businesses, retailers, oil companies and marketers and government entities. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FLT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:FLT). Receive News & Ratings for FleetCor Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FleetCor Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CNOOC Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CNOOC Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News PNM Resources Inc (PNM) Shares Sold by Century Capital Management LLC 9,189 Shares in DISH Network Corp (DISH) Acquired by Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Acquires 94 Shares of CNOOC Ltd (CEO) Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Invests $1.035 Million in Heron Therapeutics Inc (HRTX) Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Reduces Position in Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd (NCLH) Siliconware Precision Industries (SPIL) Shares Sold by Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Thornburg Investment Management Inc. Increases Position in FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) Century Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Sells 395 Shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (ASR) BMC Stock Holdings Inc (BMCH) Shares Sold by Century Capital Management LLC Century Capital Management LLC Invests $23 Million in SPX Co. (SPXC) iRobot Co. (IRBT) Shares Sold by Century Capital Management LLC Nichols & Pratt Advisers LLP MA Increases Position in Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. (JKHY) Iteris Inc (ITI) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.04 Per Share Empire State Realty Trust (ESRT) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Roper Technologies (ROP) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.33 Johnson Outdoors (JOUT) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Favorable Media Coverage Unlikely to Affect Provident Financial Services (PFS) Share Price Scott Welch Sells 3,902 Shares of Five9 Inc (FIVN) Stock Five Point Holdings LLC (FPH) Insider Michael Alvarado Buys 14,000 Shares Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Acquires 94 Shares of CNOOC Ltd (CEO) May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. raised its stake in shares of CNOOC Ltd (NYSE:CEO) by 2.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 4,845 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock after buying an additional 94 shares during the period. Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd.’s holdings in CNOOC were worth $581,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Comerica Bank increased its position in shares of CNOOC by 12.8% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 25,497 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $3,275,000 after buying an additional 2,899 shares during the period. Cadence Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of CNOOC by 9.8% in the fourth quarter. Cadence Capital Management LLC now owns 3,811 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $472,000 after buying an additional 339 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of CNOOC during the fourth quarter worth approximately $43,073,000. Jane Street Group LLC increased its position in shares of CNOOC by 1,292.7% in the third quarter. Jane Street Group LLC now owns 117,457 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $14,857,000 after buying an additional 109,023 shares during the period. Finally, U S Global Investors Inc. purchased a new position in shares of CNOOC during the third quarter worth approximately $1,176,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 4.70% of the company’s stock. Shares of CNOOC Ltd (NYSE:CEO) traded down 0.09% on Tuesday, hitting $118.07. 104,454 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $117.85 and its 200-day moving average is $122.96. The stock has a market cap of $52.72 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 1180.70 and a beta of 0.98. CNOOC Ltd has a 1-year low of $112.32 and a 1-year high of $138.36. The business also recently declared a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, July 25th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 8th will be given a dividend of $2.961 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 6th. This represents a yield of 4.95%. This is a positive change from CNOOC’s previous semiannual dividend of $1.55. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. Acquires 94 Shares of CNOOC Ltd (CEO)” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/mirae-asset-global-investments-co-ltd-acquires-94-shares-of-cnooc-ltd-ceo.html. A number of research analysts have recently commented on CEO shares. Citigroup Inc raised shares of CNOOC from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of CNOOC from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. HSBC Holdings plc raised shares of CNOOC from a “reduce” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, March 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of CNOOC from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Finally, Macquarie raised shares of CNOOC from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. CNOOC presently has a consensus rating of “Buy”. CNOOC Company Profile CNOOC Limited is a Hong Kong-based investment holding company principally engaged in the exploration, production and trading of oil and gas. Its businesses include conventional oil and gas businesses, shale oil and gas businesses, oil sands businesses and other unconventional oil and gas businesses. The Company mainly operates through three segments. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CEO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CNOOC Ltd (NYSE:CEO). Receive News & Ratings for CNOOC Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CNOOC Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Money Last Modified: Wed, May 17 2017. 07 57 AM IST Opening bell: Asian markets mixed; Tata Steel, HUL in focus In other news, the southwest monsoon that irrigates most of India’s farm lands is likely to hit the Kerala coast on time, the government weather office said Subscribe to our newsletter. R. Sree Ram Photo: Mint US markets close slightly lower; Asia opens mixed US stock markets closed slightly lower after subdued trading. S&P 500 at 2,400 is down 0.07%. Asian markets opened mixed. According to Bloomberg, growing concerns about the US President Donald Trump’s administration is weighing on the risk appetite. Monsoon rains to arrive on time The southwest monsoon that irrigates most of India’s farm lands is likely to hit the Kerala coast on time, the government weather office said on Tuesday. Tata Steel Q4 loss narrows on one-time charge Tata Steel Ltd reported a surprise March quarter consolidated loss of Rs1,168 crore as it took a one-time charge related to the closure of its British pension scheme. According to Reuters, the company has agreed to UK pension deal. Sebi sends show-cause notices to CARE, Crisil India’s market regulator has sent show-cause notices to two ratings agencies, alleging that they did not follow due process and had failed in monitoring the ratings of JP Morgan’s credit opportunity fund and Amtek Auto Ltd, reports Mint. TCS recasts service lines Tata Consultancy Services Ltd (TCS) has reorganised its service lines and put them under a new president, reports The Economic Times. According to the report, the company has also reshuffled business heads, as it looks at growing its digital offerings. JSW Steel plans tie-up with OMC for iron ore linkage JSW Steel Ltd is keen to have a long-term arrangement with Odisha Mining Corp. to secure iron ore supplies for its planned steel plant, reports Business Standard. Reliance Jio asks telecom dept to withhold clearance for Airtel-Tikona deal Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd has asked the telecom department to withhold approval for Bharti Airtel Ltd’s acquisition of Tikona Digital Networks Pvt. Ltd until Airtel pays fees to migrate Tikona’s wireless broadband spectrum, reports Mint. Hindustan Unilever, JSW Steel earnings today Bajaj Finserv Ltd, Hindustan Unilever Ltd, JSW Steel Ltd, and United Breweries Ltd are some of the companies that will release their earnings for the March quarter on Wednesday. Here are the market expectations from Hindustan Unilever results. R. Sree Ram Topics: Asian markets US stocks Tata Steel HUL Monsoon More From Livemint READ MORE Global gold prices shine as Donald Trump’s mounting troubles hurt dollar Great Eastern Energy to invest $1 billion on natural gas, shale SC asks AIMPLB: Can women have option of saying no to triple talaq in ‘nikahnama’? First Published: Wed, May 17 2017. 07 53 AM IST Editor's Picks CBI, I-T raids on Lalu Prasad, Chidambaram revive corruption debate Airtel-Tikona deal: Reliance Jio asks telecom dept to withhold clearance Maruti Suzuki CEO questions govt’s ambitious electric vehicle plans Latest News Global gold prices shine as Donald Trump’s mounting troubles hurt dollar Great Eastern Energy to invest $1 billion on natural gas, shale SC asks AIMPLB: Can women have option of saying no to triple talaq in ‘nikahnama’? Cannes Film Festival 2017: A to Z IAS officer Anurag Tiwari found dead near guest house in Lucknow Mint On Sunday The amazing adventures of Dadasaheb Phalke Naxals and their international counterparts Between a mercenary and a missionary A bra that fits? Letter from... Thrissur Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Amdocs Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amdocs Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Expect Aegean Marine Petroleum Network Inc. (ANW) to Post $0.36 EPS Center Coast Capital Advisors LP Sells 272,309 Shares of Oneok Partners LP (OKS) Quantitative Investment Management LLC Purchases 35,400 Shares of Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) 80,100 Shares in Amdocs Limited (DOX) Acquired by Quantitative Investment Management LLC Trimble Inc (TRMB) Stake Lowered by Quantitative Investment Management LLC 163,300 Shares in VMware, Inc. (VMW) Acquired by Quantitative Investment Management LLC AGF Investments Inc. Sells 157,779 Shares of Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Position Reduced by AGF Investments Inc. Analysts Expect Home Bancorp, Inc. (HBCP) Will Announce Earnings of $0.62 Per Share Analysts Expect Alpha and Omega Semiconductor Ltd (AOSL) to Announce $0.16 Earnings Per Share J C Penney Company Inc (JCP) Bonds Trading 2% Lower Rite Aid Co. (RAD) Bond Prices Fall 1.4% Approach Resources Inc. (AREX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (OLBK) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.01 Davita (DVA) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.02 ONE Gas (OGS) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.02 Twin Capital Management Inc. Has $615,000 Position in Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) Twin Capital Management Inc. Boosts Stake in Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Norinchukin Bank The Has $701,000 Position in NetEase Inc (NTES) Norinchukin Bank The Increases Position in L Brands Inc (LB) 80,100 Shares in Amdocs Limited (DOX) Acquired by Quantitative Investment Management LLC May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Quantitative Investment Management LLC bought a new position in Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund bought 80,100 shares of the technology company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,885,000. Quantitative Investment Management LLC owned about 0.05% of Amdocs Limited as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Creative Planning boosted its position in shares of Amdocs Limited by 62.7% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 2,198 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $134,000 after buying an additional 847 shares during the last quarter. ProShare Advisors LLC purchased a new position in shares of Amdocs Limited during the first quarter worth about $224,000. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Amdocs Limited by 4.4% in the first quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. now owns 3,812 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $232,000 after buying an additional 162 shares during the last quarter. PEAK6 Investments L.P. purchased a new position in shares of Amdocs Limited during the fourth quarter worth about $231,000. Finally, Genesee Valley Trust Co. purchased a new position in shares of Amdocs Limited during the first quarter worth about $298,000. 89.04% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) traded down 0.43% on Tuesday, reaching $63.20. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 655,005 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $61.51 and its 200 day moving average price is $60.04. The company has a market cap of $9.27 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.34 and a beta of 0.64. Amdocs Limited has a 12-month low of $54.12 and a 12-month high of $64.32. Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The technology company reported $0.88 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.87 by $0.01. Amdocs Limited had a return on equity of 14.57% and a net margin of 10.83%. The firm had revenue of $966 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $960.58 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.92 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts forecast that Amdocs Limited will post $3.77 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/80100-shares-in-amdocs-limited-dox-acquired-by-quantitative-investment-management-llc.html. A number of equities research analysts have commented on DOX shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $68.00 price target on shares of Amdocs Limited in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. Robert W. Baird upped their price target on Amdocs Limited from $62.00 to $66.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, May 10th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Amdocs Limited from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $71.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Friday. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $70.00 price target (up previously from $65.00) on shares of Amdocs Limited in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $66.00. Amdocs Limited Company Profile Amdocs Limited is a provider of software and services for communications, entertainment and media industry service providers. The Company develops, implements and manages software and services associated with business support systems (BSS), operational support systems (OSS) and network operations to enable service providers to introduce new products and services, process orders, monetize data, support new business models and enhance their understanding of their customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DOX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX). Receive News & Ratings for Amdocs Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amdocs Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mercadolibre Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercadolibre Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Expect Aegean Marine Petroleum Network Inc. (ANW) to Post $0.36 EPS Center Coast Capital Advisors LP Sells 272,309 Shares of Oneok Partners LP (OKS) Quantitative Investment Management LLC Purchases 35,400 Shares of Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) 80,100 Shares in Amdocs Limited (DOX) Acquired by Quantitative Investment Management LLC Trimble Inc (TRMB) Stake Lowered by Quantitative Investment Management LLC 163,300 Shares in VMware, Inc. (VMW) Acquired by Quantitative Investment Management LLC AGF Investments Inc. Sells 157,779 Shares of Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Position Reduced by AGF Investments Inc. Analysts Expect Home Bancorp, Inc. (HBCP) Will Announce Earnings of $0.62 Per Share Analysts Expect Alpha and Omega Semiconductor Ltd (AOSL) to Announce $0.16 Earnings Per Share J C Penney Company Inc (JCP) Bonds Trading 2% Lower Rite Aid Co. (RAD) Bond Prices Fall 1.4% Approach Resources Inc. (AREX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (OLBK) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.01 Davita (DVA) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.02 ONE Gas (OGS) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.02 Twin Capital Management Inc. Has $615,000 Position in Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) Twin Capital Management Inc. Boosts Stake in Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Norinchukin Bank The Has $701,000 Position in NetEase Inc (NTES) Norinchukin Bank The Increases Position in L Brands Inc (LB) Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Position Reduced by AGF Investments Inc. May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet AGF Investments Inc. reduced its position in shares of Mercadolibre Inc (NASDAQ:MELI) by 0.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 8,441 shares of the company’s stock after selling 76 shares during the period. AGF Investments Inc.’s holdings in Mercadolibre were worth $1,783,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in MELI. Capital International Sarl boosted its position in Mercadolibre by 8.0% in the third quarter. Capital International Sarl now owns 186,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $34,404,000 after buying an additional 13,800 shares during the last quarter. Symmetry Peak Management LLC purchased a new position in Mercadolibre during the third quarter worth $1,655,000. Hsbc Holdings PLC purchased a new position in Mercadolibre during the third quarter worth $2,170,000. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank boosted its position in Mercadolibre by 255.4% in the third quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 3,383 shares of the company’s stock worth $626,000 after buying an additional 2,431 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Motley Fool Asset Management LLC purchased a new position in Mercadolibre during the third quarter worth $786,000. 76.61% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Mercadolibre Inc (NASDAQ:MELI) traded up 0.33% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $297.22. 611,876 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm has a market capitalization of $13.12 billion, a PE ratio of 84.87 and a beta of 2.17. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $234.00 and a 200 day moving average price of $193.49. Mercadolibre Inc has a 12 month low of $126.10 and a 12 month high of $297.95. Mercadolibre (NASDAQ:MELI) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $1.10 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.78 by $0.32. The business had revenue of $273.90 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $247.85 million. Mercadolibre had a net margin of 16.13% and a return on equity of 38.86%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 73.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.68 earnings per share. On average, analysts expect that Mercadolibre Inc will post $4.79 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 17th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 30th will be issued a dividend of $0.15 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 28th. This represents a $0.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.20%. Mercadolibre’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 21.43%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/mercadolibre-inc-meli-position-reduced-by-agf-investments-inc.html. MELI has been the subject of a number of research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Mercadolibre from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $296.24 to $300.00 in a research note on Tuesday. Credit Suisse Group AG boosted their target price on shares of Mercadolibre from $260.00 to $290.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday. Barclays PLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $275.00 target price on shares of Mercadolibre in a research note on Sunday, May 7th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $275.00 target price (up previously from $213.00) on shares of Mercadolibre in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus boosted their target price on shares of Mercadolibre from $185.00 to $220.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, February 24th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. Mercadolibre has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $228.75. In other news, VP Stelleo Tolda sold 2,000 shares of Mercadolibre stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $211.00, for a total transaction of $422,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Insiders own 0.36% of the company’s stock. Mercadolibre Company Profile MercadoLibre, Inc is an e-commerce company. The Company enables commerce through its marketplace platform in Latin America, which is designed to provide users with a portfolio of services to facilitate commercial transactions. Its geographic segments are Brazil, Argentina, Mexico Venezuela and Other Countries (which includes Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Panama, Peru, Portugal, Guatemala, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay and the United States of America). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MELI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mercadolibre Inc (NASDAQ:MELI). Receive News & Ratings for Mercadolibre Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercadolibre Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Garmin Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Garmin Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Twin Capital Management Inc. Has $615,000 Position in Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) Twin Capital Management Inc. Boosts Stake in Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Norinchukin Bank The Has $701,000 Position in NetEase Inc (NTES) Norinchukin Bank The Increases Position in L Brands Inc (LB) Stevens Capital Management LP Acquires 7,710 Shares of Curtiss-Wright Corp. (CW) Ffcm LLC Boosts Stake in L Brands Inc (LB) Ferro Co. (FOE) Stake Reduced by Pitcairn Co. Stevens Capital Management LP Sells 136,520 Shares of InvenSense Inc (INVN) Ralph Lauren Corp (RL) Stake Reduced by Stevens Capital Management LP Pitcairn Co. Sells 82 Shares of Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc (Q) Pitcairn Co. Has $222,000 Position in Cabelas Inc (CAB) Pitcairn Co. Has $239,000 Position in Milacron Holdings Corp (MCRN) Stevens Capital Management LP Purchases 22,665 Shares of Methanex Co. (MEOH) Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Shares Bought by Stevens Capital Management LP Stevens Capital Management LP Raises Stake in Carlisle Companies, Inc. (CSL) 65,500 Shares in J B Hunt Transport Services Inc (JBHT) Acquired by Stevens Capital Management LP Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $5.059 Million Position in Emcor Group Inc (EME) Security National Financial Corp (SNFCA) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.34 ITT Educational Services (ESI) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.13 Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Affect J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Share Price Twin Capital Management Inc. Boosts Stake in Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Twin Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in Garmin Ltd. (NASDAQ:GRMN) by 0.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 43,550 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock after buying an additional 240 shares during the period. Twin Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in Garmin were worth $2,226,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its position in Garmin by 3.7% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 17,543 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $844,000 after buying an additional 620 shares during the last quarter. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL increased its position in Garmin by 1,130.8% in the third quarter. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL now owns 144,000 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $6,928,000 after buying an additional 132,300 shares during the last quarter. Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS increased its position in Garmin by 22.6% in the third quarter. Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS now owns 442,487 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $21,288,000 after buying an additional 81,545 shares during the last quarter. Hussman Strategic Advisors Inc. increased its position in Garmin by 1,414.3% in the third quarter. Hussman Strategic Advisors Inc. now owns 53,000 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $2,550,000 after buying an additional 49,500 shares during the last quarter. Finally, TT International increased its position in Garmin by 61.1% in the third quarter. TT International now owns 108,360 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $5,213,000 after buying an additional 41,118 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 37.39% of the company’s stock. Shares of Garmin Ltd. (NASDAQ:GRMN) traded up 0.40% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $52.60. The stock had a trading volume of 1,006,396 shares. Garmin Ltd. has a 1-year low of $39.24 and a 1-year high of $56.19. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $50.76 and its 200-day moving average is $50.43. The firm has a market capitalization of $9.90 billion, a PE ratio of 15.03 and a beta of 0.86. Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The scientific and technical instruments company reported $0.52 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.45 by $0.07. The company had revenue of $638.50 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $629.11 million. Garmin had a return on equity of 16.15% and a net margin of 17.24%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 2.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.49 earnings per share. Equities analysts expect that Garmin Ltd. will post $2.69 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Twin Capital Management Inc. Boosts Stake in Garmin Ltd. (GRMN)” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/twin-capital-management-inc-boosts-stake-in-garmin-ltd-grmn.html. A number of research firms have issued reports on GRMN. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Garmin from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Garmin from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and cut their target price for the company from $55.00 to $50.00 in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Bank of America Corp upped their target price on shares of Garmin from $47.00 to $50.00 and gave the company an “underperform” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Tigress Financial began coverage on shares of Garmin in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc upped their target price on shares of Garmin from $52.00 to $54.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $49.38. In related news, VP Andrew R. Etkind sold 6,524 shares of Garmin stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $54.57, for a total value of $356,014.68. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. 18.30% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Garmin Garmin Ltd. (Garmin) and subsidiaries offer global positioning system (GPS) navigation and wireless devices and applications. The Company operates through five segments. It offers a range of auto navigation products, as well as a range of products and applications designed for the mobile GPS market. It offers products to consumers around the world, including Outdoor Handhelds, Wearable Devices, Golf Devices, and Dog Tracking and Training/Pet Obedience Devices. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GRMN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Garmin Ltd. (NASDAQ:GRMN). Receive News & Ratings for Garmin Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Garmin Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TTM Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Selling: TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Director Sells 3,000 Shares of Stock Insider Buying: Agree Realty Co. (ADC) Director Acquires 2,500 Shares of Stock Flynn Dekker Sells 4,102 Shares of Wingstop Inc (WING) Stock Anixter International Inc. (AXE) VP Sells $78,600.00 in Stock Highlands Bankshares Inc (HLND) Insider Acquires $41,700.00 in Stock CASI Pharmaceuticals Inc (CASI) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.04 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Crispr Therapeutics AG (CRSP) to Post -$0.49 EPS Zacks: Analysts Expect Valeritas Holdings, Inc. (VLRX) to Announce -$1.37 EPS Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Cuts Position in Endologix, Inc. (ELGX) Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Cuts Stake in American Assets Trust, Inc (AAT) Kennametal Inc. (KMT) Position Boosted by Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Zweig DiMenna Associates LLC Takes Position in Jacobs Engineering Group Inc (JEC) Capital Senior Living (CSU) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.25 Convergys Corp (CVG) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.16 California Water Service Group (CWT) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.24 Insider Buying: United States Steel Co. (X) Director Purchases 10,000 Shares of Stock Richard Hart Sells 3,000 Shares of Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Stock Elif Lévesque Sells 37,300 Shares of Osisko Mining Corp (OSK) Stock Hodges Capital Management Inc. Has $397,000 Stake in Atmos Energy Co. (ATO) Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) Stake Held by Warren Averett Asset Management LLC Insider Selling: TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Director Sells 3,000 Shares of Stock May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet TTM Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTMI) Director Kenton K. Alder sold 3,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $16.25, for a total value of $48,750.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 42,492 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $690,495. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Shares of TTM Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTMI) traded up 2.38% on Tuesday, hitting $16.57. The stock had a trading volume of 1,153,780 shares. The firm has a market cap of $1.67 billion, a PE ratio of 23.27 and a beta of 1.39. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $16.21 and its 200 day moving average price is $15.10. TTM Technologies, Inc. has a 52-week low of $6.28 and a 52-week high of $17.86. TTM Technologies (NASDAQ:TTMI) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The technology company reported $0.33 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.20 by $0.13. TTM Technologies had a return on equity of 15.90% and a net margin of 1.38%. The business had revenue of $625.20 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $615 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.14 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 7.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts predict that TTM Technologies, Inc. will post $1.70 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Insider Selling: TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Director Sells 3,000 Shares of Stock” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/insider-selling-ttm-technologies-inc-ttmi-director-sells-3000-shares-of-stock.html. A number of equities research analysts have commented on TTMI shares. Zacks Investment Research cut TTM Technologies from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Needham & Company LLC increased their price target on TTM Technologies from $14.00 to $18.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Stifel Nicolaus increased their price target on TTM Technologies from $15.00 to $17.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut TTM Technologies from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $18.00 price target for the company. in a research note on Friday, February 17th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, TheStreet cut TTM Technologies from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $18.75. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. IHT Wealth Management LLC increased its stake in TTM Technologies by 0.6% in the first quarter. IHT Wealth Management LLC now owns 18,766 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $305,000 after buying an additional 106 shares during the last quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue increased its stake in TTM Technologies by 1.5% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 9,310 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $150,000 after buying an additional 140 shares in the last quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan increased its stake in TTM Technologies by 1.1% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 14,490 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $166,000 after buying an additional 160 shares in the last quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System increased its stake in TTM Technologies by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 66,907 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $912,000 after buying an additional 223 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Ngam Advisors L.P. increased its stake in TTM Technologies by 1.6% in the first quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 23,986 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $387,000 after buying an additional 379 shares in the last quarter. 80.99% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About TTM Technologies TTM Technologies, Inc is a manufacturer of printed circuit board (PCB) products and is focused on technologically advanced PCBs and electro-mechanical solutions (E-M Solutions). As of January 2, 2017, the Company operated a total of 25 specialized facilities in North America and China. The Company’s segments include PCB, E-M Solutions and Corporate. Receive News & Ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance United States Steel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for United States Steel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Buying: United States Steel Co. (X) Director Purchases 10,000 Shares of Stock Richard Hart Sells 3,000 Shares of Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Stock Elif Lévesque Sells 37,300 Shares of Osisko Mining Corp (OSK) Stock Hodges Capital Management Inc. Has $397,000 Stake in Atmos Energy Co. (ATO) Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) Stake Held by Warren Averett Asset Management LLC Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Raises Position in Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (OHI) Hodges Capital Management Inc. Has $260,000 Position in Transocean LTD (RIG) Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc (DRNA) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (CNK) Stake Reduced by Hodges Capital Management Inc. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $23.331 Million Stake in Davita Inc (DVA) Monster Beverage Co. (MNST) Position Raised by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC COBHAM (CBHMY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Hodges Capital Management Inc. Buys New Stake in Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc (LL) Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Sells 6,355 Shares of Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) Chubb Ltd (CB) Expected to Announce Earnings of $2.56 Per Share Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Co. (BAH) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.47 Billion MAXIMUS, Inc. (MMS) Shares Sold by Eagle Asset Management Inc. Toronto Dominion Bank Boosts Stake in Klondex Mines Ltd (KLDX) Toronto Dominion Bank Sells 4,781 Shares of Sanofi SA (SNY) Eagle Asset Management Inc. Increases Position in Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) Insider Buying: United States Steel Co. (X) Director Purchases 10,000 Shares of Stock May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet United States Steel Co. (NYSE:X) Director David Sutherland acquired 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 12th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $19.96 per share, for a total transaction of $199,600.00. Following the acquisition, the director now directly owns 98,919 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,974,423.24. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Shares of United States Steel Co. (NYSE:X) traded up 0.30% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $20.20. The company had a trading volume of 12,120,226 shares. The company’s market cap is $3.53 billion. United States Steel Co. has a 12 month low of $12.77 and a 12 month high of $41.83. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $27.76 and a 200-day moving average of $31.97. United States Steel (NYSE:X) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The basic materials company reported ($0.83) EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.35 by $1.18. The firm had revenue of $2.73 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.91 billion. United States Steel had a negative return on equity of 11.36% and a negative net margin of 4.29%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 16.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business earned ($2.15) earnings per share. On average, analysts expect that United States Steel Co. will post $1.11 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 9th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, May 10th will be issued a $0.05 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, May 8th. This represents a $0.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.99%. United States Steel’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is -6.83%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/insider-buying-united-states-steel-co-x-director-purchases-10000-shares-of-stock.html. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in X. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in United States Steel by 10.1% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 16,743,496 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $566,096,000 after buying an additional 1,539,412 shares during the period. BlackRock Inc. increased its position in United States Steel by 12,021.7% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 14,279,755 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $482,799,000 after buying an additional 14,161,952 shares during the period. Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its stake in United States Steel by 68.8% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 5,655,000 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $186,672,000 after buying an additional 2,305,300 shares during the period. State Street Corp raised its stake in United States Steel by 0.5% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 5,547,843 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $187,574,000 after buying an additional 27,483 shares during the period. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in United States Steel by 3.6% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 4,710,071 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $155,500,000 after buying an additional 161,647 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 77.18% of the company’s stock. X has been the topic of a number of research reports. Vetr upgraded United States Steel from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $38.76 price objective on the stock in a report on Monday, March 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a $46.00 price target (up previously from $39.00) on shares of United States Steel in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their price target on United States Steel from $40.00 to $45.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Bank of America Corp upgraded United States Steel from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 price target on the stock in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, Macquarie lowered United States Steel from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and reduced their price target for the stock from $30.00 to $18.00 in a report on Friday, April 28th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. United States Steel has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $30.49. About United States Steel United States Steel Corporation is an integrated steel producer. The Company is engaged in producing flat-rolled and tubular products with production operations in North America and Europe. The Company operates through three segments: Flat-Rolled Products (Flat-Rolled), U. S. Steel Europe (USSE) and Tubular Products (Tubular). Receive News & Ratings for United States Steel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for United States Steel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Guidewire Software Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Guidewire Software Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Buying: United States Steel Co. (X) Director Purchases 10,000 Shares of Stock Richard Hart Sells 3,000 Shares of Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Stock Elif Lévesque Sells 37,300 Shares of Osisko Mining Corp (OSK) Stock Hodges Capital Management Inc. Has $397,000 Stake in Atmos Energy Co. (ATO) Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) Stake Held by Warren Averett Asset Management LLC Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Raises Position in Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (OHI) Hodges Capital Management Inc. Has $260,000 Position in Transocean LTD (RIG) Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc (DRNA) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (CNK) Stake Reduced by Hodges Capital Management Inc. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $23.331 Million Stake in Davita Inc (DVA) Monster Beverage Co. (MNST) Position Raised by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC COBHAM (CBHMY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Hodges Capital Management Inc. Buys New Stake in Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc (LL) Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Sells 6,355 Shares of Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) Chubb Ltd (CB) Expected to Announce Earnings of $2.56 Per Share Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Co. (BAH) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.47 Billion MAXIMUS, Inc. (MMS) Shares Sold by Eagle Asset Management Inc. Toronto Dominion Bank Boosts Stake in Klondex Mines Ltd (KLDX) Toronto Dominion Bank Sells 4,781 Shares of Sanofi SA (SNY) Eagle Asset Management Inc. Increases Position in Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) Richard Hart Sells 3,000 Shares of Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Stock May 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Guidewire Software Inc (NYSE:GWRE) CFO Richard Hart sold 3,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.04, for a total transaction of $189,120.00. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 4,717 shares in the company, valued at approximately $297,359.68. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Richard Hart also recently made the following trade(s): On Monday, March 20th, Richard Hart sold 3,278 shares of Guidewire Software stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $56.79, for a total transaction of $186,157.62. On Friday, March 17th, Richard Hart sold 2,098 shares of Guidewire Software stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $56.48, for a total transaction of $118,495.04. Guidewire Software Inc (NYSE:GWRE) traded down 0.49% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $62.63. 390,669 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $59.53 and its 200-day moving average price is $55.93. Guidewire Software Inc has a 52 week low of $49.18 and a 52 week high of $64.00. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.63 billion and a P/E ratio of 396.39. Guidewire Software (NYSE:GWRE) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, March 2nd. The technology company reported $0.28 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.14 by $0.14. The firm had revenue of $115.60 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $109.65 million. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 13.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.24 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that Guidewire Software Inc will post $0.72 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/16/richard-hart-sells-3000-shares-of-guidewire-software-inc-gwre-stock.html. GWRE has been the subject of several recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Guidewire Software from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Bank of America Corp raised shares of Guidewire Software from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $68.00 target price for the company in a research report on Monday. TheStreet raised shares of Guidewire Software from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised shares of Guidewire Software from a “neutral” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $59.00 to $70.00 in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $72.00. A number of hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Wellington Management Group LLP raised its stake in Guidewire Software by 51.4% in the first quarter. Wellington Management Group LLP now owns 6,377,813 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $359,261,000 after buying an additional 2,165,143 shares in the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in Guidewire Software by 4.8% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 5,693,314 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $320,705,000 after buying an additional 261,105 shares in the last quarter. William Blair Investment Management LLC raised its stake in Guidewire Software by 5.8% in the first quarter. William Blair Investment Management LLC now owns 4,389,763 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $247,275,000 after buying an additional 240,337 shares in the last quarter. Brown Capital Management LLC raised its stake in Guidewire Software by 3.1% in the first quarter. Brown Capital Management LLC now owns 4,246,662 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $239,214,000 after buying an additional 126,719 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Guidewire Software by 4.0% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,875,527 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $218,307,000 after buying an additional 148,196 shares in the last quarter. About Guidewire Software Guidewire Software, Inc is a provider of software products for property and casualty (P&C) insurers. The Company’s software serves as a technology platform for P&C insurance carriers. The Company’s InsurancePlatform consists of three elements: core transaction processing, data management and analytics, and digital engagement. Receive News & Ratings for Guidewire Software Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Guidewire Software Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
