Sections Login / Register New York Miami Los Angeles TRData LLNYC News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers The Real Deal New York JPMorgan Chase names new heads of real estate banking Almodovar served as CEO of the HFA under Spitzer By Konrad Putzier | May 08, 2017 07:00AM From left: JPMorgan’s Alice Carr, Priscilla Almodovar and Chad Tredway JPMorgan Chase promoted Priscilla Almodovar, the former head of the New York State Housing Finance Agency, and commercial lending vet Chad Tredway to lead the bank’s real estate lending business, the bank announced. Almodovar served as the HFA’s CEO from 2006 to 2009 and was credited for reforming the agency, which funds affordable housing projects. She joined JPMorgan Chase in 2010 and most recently headed the bank’s community development banking division. Tredway joined the bank in 2008 and most recently led the bank’s commercial term lending business for the eastern U.S. The two will succeed Tom Lawyer. JPMorgan Chase was the third most active commercial real estate lender in New York in 2016, according to research company CrediFi, originating more than $5 billion in loans. The bank claims to hold $90 billion in commercial real estate loans on its books, and was the country’s most active CMBS lender in 2016, according to Commercial Mortgage Alert. JPMorgan Chase also promoted Alice Carr to replace Almodovar as head of community development banking. She most recently managed the bank’s community development teams in the western and southern U.S. Tags: JPMorgan Chase Short URL Print Subscribe to our e-Lerts New York Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup South Florida Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup Los Angeles Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup China Watch Coming soon! Weekly Roundup Popular Caerus, Quality Capital land $59M loan for Village properties The Churn: These were the biggest brokerage and agent changes in NYC during Q1 2017 Gazit-Globe’s new US subsidiary hopes to feast on the wounded retail sector Mastercard in talks with L&L to lease all of 150 Fifth Ave.: sources Paydirt: Go directly to jail. Do not pass Go. More Stories Sites South Florida Los Angeles TRData LLNYC Other Links Directory Shop About Us Staff Directory Contact Us Privacy Policy Careers STAY CONNECTED Join over 200,000 real estate professionals who receive our daily newsletter All rights reserved © 2017 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc. 450 West 31st Street, New York, NY 10001 Phone: 212-260-1332 Sections News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Gentex Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gentex Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Regency Centers Corp (REG) Stake Lowered by LS Investment Advisors LLC MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Has $179,000 Stake in W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) LS Investment Advisors LLC Purchases 333 Shares of The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Continues to Hold Stake in UGI Corp (UGI) DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Stake Boosted by Forward Management LLC LS Investment Advisors LLC Has $469,000 Position in American Financial Group Inc (AFG) LS Investment Advisors LLC Lowers Position in HollyFrontier Corp (HFC) Gentex Co. (GNTX) Position Increased by LS Investment Advisors LLC Bgeo Group PLC (BGEO) to Release Earnings on Tuesday Walker Innovation Inc (WLKR) Announces Earnings Results TG Therapeutics Inc (TGTX) Issues Earnings Results NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Issues Earnings Results Mediwound Ltd (MDWD) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.03 EPS Brokerages Anticipate Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) Will Post Earnings of $0.86 Per Share Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Crocs (CROX) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Carpenter Technology (CRS) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact E I Du Pont De Nemours And (DD) Share Price Walt Disney (DIS) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Deutsche Bank AG (DB) Stock Price Asset Management Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) Gentex Co. (GNTX) Position Increased by LS Investment Advisors LLC May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet LS Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Gentex Co. (NASDAQ:GNTX) by 11.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 22,101 shares of the auto parts company’s stock after buying an additional 2,215 shares during the period. LS Investment Advisors LLC’s holdings in Gentex were worth $471,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Gentex by 27.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 52,734 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $926,000 after buying an additional 11,458 shares during the last quarter. Goelzer Investment Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Gentex by 0.3% in the third quarter. Goelzer Investment Management Inc. now owns 247,686 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $4,349,000 after buying an additional 835 shares during the last quarter. TradeLink Capital LLC acquired a new position in shares of Gentex during the third quarter worth approximately $227,000. Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Gentex by 0.5% in the third quarter. Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC now owns 40,085 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $704,000 after buying an additional 185 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Capital Management Associates NY acquired a new position in shares of Gentex during the third quarter worth approximately $492,000. 83.86% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Gentex Co. (NASDAQ:GNTX) traded down 0.30% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $20.00. 1,312,331 shares of the company traded hands. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $20.63 and its 200 day moving average price is $19.85. Gentex Co. has a 12-month low of $14.66 and a 12-month high of $22.12. The firm has a market capitalization of $5.75 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 0.96. Gentex (NASDAQ:GNTX) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday, April 21st. The auto parts company reported $0.33 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.31 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $453.54 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $444.92 million. Gentex had a return on equity of 19.05% and a net margin of 20.70%. Gentex’s quarterly revenue was up 11.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.28 EPS. Equities research analysts predict that Gentex Co. will post $1.31 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 19th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 7th were given a $0.09 dividend. This represents a $0.36 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.80%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, April 5th. Gentex’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 29.75%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/gentex-co-gntx-position-increased-by-ls-investment-advisors-llc.html. A number of research analysts have commented on GNTX shares. KeyCorp reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Gentex in a research report on Monday, January 9th. FBR & Co raised their target price on shares of Gentex from $22.00 to $25.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Gentex from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Wellington Shields cut shares of Gentex from a “buy” rating to an “accumulate” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $21.50 target price on shares of Gentex in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $23.10. In other news, VP Joseph E. Iv Matthews sold 9,996 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, April 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $20.31, for a total transaction of $203,018.76. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 20,100 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $408,231. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, Director John A. Mulder sold 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $21.28, for a total value of $212,800.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 45,610 shares of company stock worth $947,029 in the last ninety days. 2.90% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Gentex Company Profile Gentex Corporation designs and manufactures automatic-dimming rearview mirrors and electronics for the automotive industry, dimmable aircraft windows for the aviation industry, and commercial smoke alarms and signaling devices for the fire protection industry. The Company’s business segment involves designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing interior and exterior automatic-dimming automotive rearview mirrors that utilize electrochromic technology to dim in proportion to the amount of headlight glare from trailing vehicle headlamps. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GNTX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Gentex Co. (NASDAQ:GNTX). Receive News & Ratings for Gentex Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gentex Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 24 mins S&P 500 2,399.38 +0.09 (+0.00%) Dow 30 21,012.28 +5.34 (+0.03%) Nasdaq 6,102.66 +1.90 (+0.03%) Watch Now Yahoo Finance's complete coverage of Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Shareholders Meeting JAMIE DIMON: There is a 'national catastrophe' and 'we should be ringing the alarm bells' Matt Turner Business Insider May 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Jamie DimonMore (Business Insider) Jamie Dimon is sounding the alarm. The chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase has taken the opportunity on a number of occasions in recent weeks to highlight problems in America, including its failing education system, stifling bureaucracy, and high levels of incarceration and opioid deaths. He has set out some solutions along the way. Dimon's influence beyond Wall Street seems to be at a peak. He's the chairman of the Business Roundtable at a critical time, with a pro-business White House opening its doors to business CEOs. He crosses the political divide: a registered Democrat, he said recently he no longer cares for party politics. The bank he heads last month reported a strong set of first-quarter profits, with $6.4 billion in net income. Business Insider travelled on May 5 to speak with Dimon at the Alfred E. Smith Career and Technical Education High School in the South Bronx, New York. We talked about education, the economy, and the Trump administration. JPMorgan Chase had just announced a $6 million investment in the Bronx as part of its $75 million New Skills for Youth initiative. This interview has been edited for clarity and length. Matt Turner: Why are initiatives like this one in the South Bronx so necessary right now? Jamie Dimon: We've made a huge effort globally and in the US, in getting kids jobs. This is one piece. The South Bronx and inner-city schools need it more than most. It's our hometown; JPMorgan Chase banks a lot of people here. My wife [Judy Dimon] does a lot here, and so they've been pounding it: "We need to do more in the South Bronx." We need to get kids getting out of high school, who go on with a job, or go on to college and that leads to a job. View photos New York Governor Andrew Cuomo announces a $1.8 billion project to transform the South Bronx by reconstruction of the Bruckner-Sheridan Interchange in New York City, United States in this March 19, 2017 handout photo. Kevin P. Coughlin/Office of Governor Andrew M. Cuomo/Handout via REUTERSMore (New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo announces a $1.8 billion project to transform the South Bronx.Thomson Reuters) We're making an effort. We have some great partners here. If you see the school, it works. You saw the kids today. They're all getting jobs, they're smiling, they're proud of themselves. That's what we need to do in inner-city schools. Turner: You've said that "the lack of economic opportunity for young people in the South Bronx is a moral and economic crisis." How did this happen? Dimon: It's not just this area. You have unemployment now going below 4.4% this morning, but if you go to a lot of inner cities, unemployment among youth — think ages 17 to 25 — is 20% or 25%. The fact that parts of the country are doing well doesn't mean we shouldn't focus on the part that isn't. Part of the problem is that jobs haven't been done locally. These kids can get jobs with the MTA. There's a distribution company down here, they know what these kids have been trained in, they were part of the training effort. Locally, if you go to Texas, they need welders. If you go to other areas, they need people who can do construction, plumbing, electrical work. Business has to be involved locally with civic society, in this case schools, to get the kids trained to have a job. There are plenty of jobs out there. When people talk about the problems, I would say, "What's the solution? What's the outcome you want? How are you going to get there?" Civic society has to do it together with business. It's not going to work with one without the other. Turner: You talked recently about a lost generation, of people being left behind. What has the effect of that been? Dimon: When people talk about people being left behind — middle wages have not gone up for years, and we should recognize that, and there I think we need growth and skills — but there are these other people who have been left behind. When I say out loud, "Fifty percent of inner-city schoolkids do not graduate from high school," that is a national catastrophe. We should be ringing the alarm bells. It's not fair. Read More View photos Colin PowellMore (Colin Powell.Paul Morigi/Getty Images) We were a land of opportunity. You can never have equal outcomes, but you can have equal opportunity. Among those kids, we might have had a Colin Powell, an Albert Einstein, we'll never know. I just think it is part of running a good society. People should get involved in fixing that particular problem. Turner: The idea of going to school, getting a job, working your way up, buying a house, that's a part of the American dream, and yet all those things seem harder to do. Is the American dream still available to as many people now as it used to be? Dimon: We have the best country on the planet. We have schools, universities, food, water, energy, peaceful neighbors, low corruption, you name it, deepest and widest capital markets. That doesn't mean we shouldn't identify problems. We don't have a divine right to success. If you look at it, what are the problems? One is, middle-class wages haven't gone up. One is, lower-class wages haven't gone up enough to create a living wage. One is, people losing jobs, more to automation than anything else. The solution? It's retraining, relocation — it's income assistance. We're just trying to recognize those things, that we've left some people behind. And we haven't done a particularly good job of fixing it, Democrat or Republican. My own view, this is not a political issue. It's not a knee-jerk reaction from either side. It's training, schools, getting growth going again. Detroit would be a great example. If you look at Detroit, that mayor, it's been a train wreck for 40 years, the population has gone from 2 million to 700,000. This Mayor comes in, and he talked about streetlights, sanitation, jobs, policing, schools, affordable housing. He's doing it all, and it's growing for the first time in 30 years. Literally, one man. But that one man couldn't do it without business. You've got wonderful people in Detroit, like Dan Gilbert, JPMorgan Chase. And business couldn't have done it without a political environment where they wanted to improve things. If you had an antibusiness environment there, it would still be down there. View photos Construction is seen on a new housing development along the riverfront in Detroit, Michigan, December 9, 2015. REUTERS/Rebecca CookMore (Construction on a new housing development along the riverfront in Detroit.Thomson Reuters) Turner: For that lost generation, there's some anger at the global elite. Dimon: I kind of agree with it, when you leave people behind, and those people who are left behind, it's not their fault, it's the leaders of the institutions. There's always going to be an elite. You can have an elite in a communist society. It is the leaders, something went wrong, and the leaders collectively are responsible. There's some more terrible numbers — men, age 25 to 55, the labor-force participation rate is down 10%. That's unbelievable. There are 35,000 dying of opioids every year. Seventy percent of kids age 17 to 24 can't get into the US military because of health or education. Obesity, diabetes, reading and writing. Is that the society we wanted? No. We should be working on these things, acknowledge the flaws we have, and come up with solutions. Not Democrat. Not Republican. Not knee-jerk. Any good job is a good job. This whole concept of a dead-end job? It's not true. I've heard it my whole life. Jobs lead to dignity. If you're good at the first, then you can get the second. Jobs lead to household formation. Jobs are a better solution for society. The other part, the expanded earned-income tax credit, which can help the lower paid have more a living wage, which will lead them to do more. It will help small business. It won't help big business. Turner: What impact has what you're describing had on the economy? Can the US get back to 3% or 4% growth? Dimon: I've been clear. I think the reason we're at 2% and not 3% is money spent on wars, the education system leaving people behind, technology has left some people behind. It's a lot of things we did. Government shutdowns. I don't think it had to be that way. I don't think it was embedded in something. It was the decisions we made. We should do something about fixing it. I'm comfortable we'll fix it. People always say to me, "What if it doesn't work?" If it doesn't work, we redouble our effort. We're not going to cry like a bunch of babies. We're going to redouble our effort. Detroit is a great example. It is working. The population is going up, unemployment is going down, people are moving back in. You can go to downtown Detroit today, an area I'm familiar with because I've been going to Detroit for 30 years or so. You wouldn't have walked around downtown Detroit. Now, it is vibrant, music, restaurants, it's unbelievable. It actually works at the local level if you do it right. View photos Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. speaks during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Mike BlakeMore (Jamie Dimon.Thomson Reuters) Turner: Why isn't that happening in more places? Dimon: I wouldn't say it isn't happening elsewhere. Good reporters have written about little towns where it is happening. And then there are towns where it's not. Turner: JPMorgan Chase's investment in the South Bronx is from a $75 million fund, and the bank has a $250 million fund focused on similar issues. Does corporate America need to do more? Dimon: I'm the chairman of the Business Roundtable, which is 200 of the largest companies in America, and one of our initiatives is around work skills, things exactly like this. Think of disseminating best practices among government, among business. A lot of businesses do it. If you went to any major company, they'll give you a good list of the stuff they're doing. We just need to do more. Turner: And when you talk to those CEOs about the need for that kind of an effort, what's their response? Dimon: They're totally on board. Most CEOs are patriotic and most CEOs can see the problems in front of them, and they want to do something about it. We don't always agree about the ways and means, but the objective? We're totally together. Turner: You've talked about the pro-business approach this administration is taking, and that being a welcome change. How does that fit in to what we're discussing? Dimon: People get boxed up in personalities and stuff like that. The Trump administration's [economic] agenda is the right agenda. Corporate taxes have been driving capital and brains and companies overseas for a decade. It has caused huge damage in investment and jobs and productivity. It was a mistake. We have to fix it. Counterintuitively, that usually helps middle-class wages, and lower-class wages, and job formation. The second issue is regulation. If you talk to anyone involved in business — forget banks and big business — talk to small businesses — do it yourself, don't ask me — they'll tell you it's crippling. Small-business formation is the lowest it has ever been in a recovery, and it's really for two reasons. One is regulations and the second is access to capital for people starting new businesses. Then there is infrastructure. You might be shocked to find out, we haven't built a major airport for 20 years. China built 75 in the past 10 years. It takes 10 years to get all the permits to build a bridge today. Ten years? What happened to the good old can-do America? Where is "We get it done, we work together"? We've become this bureaucratic, stifling environment. I'm not talking about violating environmental things — I'm talking about building a bridge, getting things going, getting people to work together. Even some of my friends noticed there was a bridge in Cambridge being built across the Charles River. It was a teeny little bridge. It took six years. Don't tell me that's not corruption. I don't care what you say — that's corruption. View photos Trump Jamie DimonMore (Dimon with President Trump.Kevin Lamarque/Reuters) Turner: How confident are you that with the current administration there will be change? Dimon: The first thing you do is acknowledge where some of the problems are. They've got real professionals on the ground, deeply respected, both on the national-security and state side, and the economic side, and they're just staffing up. Let them go at it. Remember, it won't be up to them. They've got to work with Congress, with Democrats and Republicans. I think a lot of these things that are good for all of America, we should get the Congress, whether it's Democrat or Republican, to say, "Let's get those things done." Those things are good for all Americans. A lot of these things have hurt the average American. When they look at the banks and they say, "Well, the bank's talking its own game," I am telling you, what we've done in mortgage lending, our inability to have proper regulations around mortgages, has hurt average Americans. First-time buyers, immigrant buyers, prior defaults, self-employed, because they can't get a mortgage. Will it make a big difference to JPMorgan Chase? No, but you're hurting my fellow citizens. Let's go at it, and let's fix it. That mortgage example — our economists think that one example would have improved GDP growth by 0.3% a year. Over five years, that's 1.5% — 1.5% would be 2 million jobs. If that's true, let's do something about it. Let's not sit here and twiddle our thumbs and have Democrats and Republicans yelling and screaming at each other. We're hurting average Americans. View photos Trump Air Force OneMore (AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana) Turner: Do you think your voice and the voices of other CEOs carry more weight now with the present administration? Dimon: I think the administration is talking to everybody. They are talking to CEOs, they're talking to unions, I'm told the president has Democrats and Republicans over for lunch and dinner and on Air Force One. As the head of the BRT, the CEO, who is Josh Bolten, who we recently hired, and I recently met with a whole bunch of unions about what we could do that would be better for everybody. It was a great meeting. We're going to try to get people to work together to fix these problems. It takes collaboration. It's not going to work if we all hate each other. Turner: You say the Trump administration's economic agenda is the right one. Is there a risk that some of the benefits from that economic agenda could be undone by other policies like trade and immigration? Dimon: It is possible. If you're talking about immigration and trade, people have made some pretty strong statements on that, but my own view is that they have laid out some real trade issues that are accurate for both China and Mexico, where we can improve upon the trade agreements, and I think we'll improve on the trade agreements. I may be wrong, but I think that is their objective, and they're using tough words. I think immigration has been one of the vital things about the growth of America. I'm the product of grandparents who all immigrated from Greece. I hope eventually we have proper immigration. Good people who have paid their taxes and haven't broken the law, get them into citizenship at the back of the line. I think that can be worked out. If people get educated here, and they're foreign nationals, get them a green card. I've even heard the president speak about that. There are things to do to make immigration work for all of America. Related:  For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android. NOW WATCH: HBS professor on Wells Fargo: 'Clawbacks are nice but they're not really solving the problem in a deep way' More From Business Insider JPMorgan is trying to tackle a 'moral and economic crisis' in the South Bronx JPM is moving hundreds of London bankers to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg because of Brexit JAMIE DIMON: 'Is that the America we wanted?' Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Insiders say Trump keeps clashing with his national security adviser Business Insider United Airlines apologizes after sending woman to San Francisco instead of Paris Business Insider Ancient, giant viruses are being unearthed in Arctic ice that's at risk of melting Business Insider Warren Buffett just confirmed the death of retail as we know it Business Insider 'Outrageous' and 'groundless': It looks like Carter Page is not going to give the Senate what it wants Business Insider Sally Yates and Ted Cruz get into heated battle over Trump's immigration ban Business Insider Warren Buffett’s one-word answer for why he hasn’t purchased Amazon shares CNBC How to delete your data from your old devices Yahoo Finance Buffett: 'Everything in valuation gets back to interest rates' Yahoo Finance Video Disney and JOLTS — What you need to know in markets on Tuesday Yahoo Finance Here's how much Nvidia will make off the Nintendo Switch Yahoo Finance A man who paid off $116,000 by 30 shares his No. 1 savings tip CNBC Why the Army Thinks It Needs a Bigger Bullet The Fiscal Times What to Watch in the Markets Tuesday, May 9 Yahoo Finance Video Stocks in flux following French election Yahoo Finance Colin Kaepernick is still mysteriously a free agent, and some in the NFL reportedly think he's moved on from football Business Insider Man, 91, Died Happy After Family Told Him Trump Was Being Impeached: Obituary Matt: He will continue to vote Democrat long after he is dead. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.2k
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/why-the-deficit-matters-in-one-paragraph-1494262005 Income Investing Why the Deficit Matters in One Paragraph David Kelly of JPMorgan Funds argues that if ever there was a time for fiscal restraint, this is it. By Amey Stone May 8, 2017 12:46 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large David Kelly, chief global strategist at JPMorgan Funds, takes a look at the U.S. budget deficit in his note Monday and isn't too pleased with what he sees. In one clear, concise paragraph, he sums up the problem: In a full-employment economy, with artificially low interest rates, without the costs of a major war or a major natural disaster, the federal government is still running a deficit equivalent to nearly $2,000 for every person living in the country. As growth slows and more baby-boomers retire, budget pressures will grow, and when the economy again enters recession, the deficit will soar. If ever there was a time for fiscal discipline, this is probably it. The trend, at this particular moment in time isn't so bad. He notes: The good news is that the surge in the deficit that occurred last year has abated, at least for now. Falling unemployment, very low interest rates, a partial wind-down in the cost of overseas military operations and the spending discipline imposed by budget deals in recent years, have all acted, in the short run to restrain the growth in the deficit. His main concern is that the Trump administration will add more fiscal stimulus (i.e. bigger deficits) when it isn't needed. He concludes. He's optimistic that progress on that front is likely to be slow: Despite the House’s passage of a health care bill last week, the debate on healthcare reform now looks likely to be even more extended and could well impede progress on the more general tax cuts or spending increases that had been promised by President Trump on the campaign trail. Moreover, with each passing month adding to the federal debt and diminishing the pool of unemployed workers, the argument for further fiscal stimulus weakens. In short, fiscal stimulus looks a good deal further away today than it did the day after the election. Text Size Regular Medium Large Amey Stone amey.stone@barrons.com • @ameystone PREVIOUS Munis: Downgrades Rise a Percentage of Rating Actions in Q1 NEXT Fed Timeline for Rate Hikes Takes Shape; Treasuries Fall Most Popular AT&T, Verizon’s 5G Will Be a Cable Killer First, Say Cowen Costco’s Special Payout Comes With Trade-Offs Snap Estimates Big Enough to Drive a Truck Through SOHN Spotlight: Tesla is Just Like Apple…Except in This Important Way Latest In Incomeinvesting Blog Latest In Incomeinvesting Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices New iPhone 8 Details Will Anger Users Forbes Gordon Kelly, Contributor 22 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The fastest growing city in each state The worst states for retirement © Provided by Forbes Media LLC JPMorgan claims the new iPhone will have design more like the Galaxy S8 than expected Exciting leaks and images about 2017’s new iPhones have users so excited Tim Cook claims they have caused iPhone sales to slow in anticipation. But the latest news from financial giants JPMorgan Chase will leave users feeling far from happy…  In a lengthy report obtained by 9to5Mac, the multinational giant claims Apple’s plans to introduce three new models: an iPhone 7S, iPhone 7S Plus and new flagship iPhone 8 will prove underwhelming.  Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 153.01 +4.05 +2.72% Samsung Electronics Co Ltd SSNLF = 1,850.00 0.00 0.00% JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM ▲ 87.10 +0.10 +0.11% In contrast to the widely published, eye popping iPhone 8 renders seen recently, JPMorgan claims Apple the new device will not have tiny 4mm bezels around the display. Instead the smartphone will be more like Samsung’s Galaxy S8 with an edge-to-edge panel horizontally and reduced, but clearly visible top and bottom bezels. It published the following diagrams to illustrate this:  In addition to this JPMorgan says the iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus will retain the same basic design Apple has used since the iPhone 6, but marry its aluminium sides with glass backs like the iPhone 8. This tweak is to enable the phones to support wireless charging, though talk of the switch to glass is a move which is controversial given it was a major structural vulnerability on the iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S before being dropped. The iPhone 8 will mesh stainless steel and glass to a slightly more premium finish. JPMorgan also indicates that Apple’s well reported move to integrate Touch ID into the front panel remains in the balance. In fact in its summary table for the iPhone 8, it simply leaves a question mark over this feature: © Provided by Forbes Media LLC How Touch ID will be integrated into the iPhone 8 remains a major - and literal - question. How Touch ID will be integrated into the iPhone 8 remains a major – and literal – question.[/caption] More positively JPMorgan reiterates that the iPhone 8 will use an L-shaped battery which will result in 30% larger capacity and rear dual camera, which is . Though it states all these upgrades will lead to a $75-80 manufacturing cost per unit (excluding construction), which ties in with expectations of a higher price – possibly . And yet for users who are angry at what JPMorgan is presenting as a significantly less ambitious iPhone 8 than some had expected, there is a flaw in its reasoning which suggests any frustrations be directed at it instead: it concludes the iPhone 8 will come bundled with AirPods. Quite frankly, I find this preposterous. Other than the dent this would add to Apple profits (and be a needless expense to anyone already owning quality earphones/headphones), is the fact it makes no logistical sense. Ever since their release, Apple has suffered major supply issues with AirPods and even at the time of publication buyers are told to expect a six week shipping delay. So the thought Apple could fix this to the extent that AirPods will be supplied in the 60-80M iPhone 8 units Apple is predicted to sell in its first quarter is comical. So keep calm and keep the faith... ___  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Forbes The 2017 Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid Is The Ideal Efficient Family Hauler Forbes Making A Living In Chess Is Tough - But The Internet Is Making It Easier Forbes HBO Plans 'Game Of Thrones' Spinoffs Forbes Forbes View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kapil Mishra Emmanuel Macron Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Bahubali 2 News Business News JPMorgan rings note of caution on European cyclicals amid earnings optimism Shares1 Mon, 8 May 2017-07:22pm , Reuters Strategists at JPMorgan on Monday downgraded European capital goods and chemical sectors, two sectors closely geared to an economic recovery, and took a more favourable stance on more defensive, dividend-paying telecoms and consumer staples. The recommendation stands at odds with the recent investor enthusiasm on European stocks which has largely hinged on the recovery in profits and the upswing in the region's economy. Europe is enjoying its brightest set of quarterly corporate earnings since 2010, with banks, industrials and capital goods companies posting strong results that have, on average, exceeded expectations and stoked a rush back from investors. European stocks are up nearly 10 percent this year and are outpacing other developed markets. But valuations for some sectors are getting stretched, JPMorgan strategists led by Mislav Matejka, wrote in a note to clients, noting European capital goods and chemicals stocks in particular. "...everybody has turned bullish on earnings now, and the bar for Q2 and 2H has been raised materially. Earnings could, in fact, soften over the next few months," they added, noting weakness in recent data from the U.S. and China. Capital goods stocks were trading at the richest price-to-earnings multiples relative to the broader market since the peaks seen in 2007 and 2011, JPMorgan wrote, adding they had now overshot levels backed up by economic data. The case for European stocks was bolstered by Emmanuel Macron's weekend win in France's presidential election against far-right candidate Marine Le Pen, which removed one of the biggest political risks for the bloc this year. The return of inflows into the Eurozone will likely continue to support the market in the very short term, JPMorgan said, but recommended investors use any further gains to lock in some profits and pare back positions in stocks. "We believe that once the inflows are spent, one should look to reduce directional exposure to equities," the strategists wrote. They also cut their "overweight" on banks by half but said eurozone banks remain attractive relative to U.S. peers. JPMorgan upgraded the telecoms to "overweight" and consumer staples to "neutral," further underscoring their more defensive stance on equity markets. European telcos are laggards this year up just 3.9 percent in 2017. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Canara Bank's captial adequacy much above RBI's benchmark: MD Rakesh Sharma Money Invoice matching mechanism in GST to check frauds: Arun Jaitley Money India to grow at 7.7% in 2018-19: IMF Money Asia stocks, dollar subdued as market seeks next catalyst, oil rises Delhi Real estate firm booked after ceiling falls on tenant Money DNA Money Edit: Clear and simple guidelines needed for private sector boost in defence Related Global gold demand drops 18% to 1,034 tonne in Q1 2017: WGC Sensex ends weak, US Fed rate call eyed Mahindras plan IPO or strategic sals in logistics arm in FY19 Video Watch: Adorable reaction of school friends to 7-year-old Anu's new pink blade prosthetic leg WATCH: Airplane bursts into flames before crashing into Washington traffic WATCH: Singers Roopkumar and Sunali Rathod sing to Eman before she departs for Abu Dhabi View all Tags Europe China Emmanuel Macron France Marine Le Pen U. S. SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News After challenging Kejriwal, Kapil Mishra now threatens with 'hunger strike' Sikh man in US for two decades detained, fears deportation DDCA controversy: HC seeks Jaitley stand on Kejriwal plea US: Hate crimes against Muslims increased by 57% in 2016, says report UK Labour leader Corbyn: I won't quit if I lose election Sport Fit-again Kashyap racing against time for CWG qualification EPL: Arsenal not giving up the Champions League chase, says Granit Xhaka Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Tuesday, May 9 Sri Lanka great Mahela Jayawardene joins Lancashire after Mumbai Indians coaching stint SHOWCASE-Soccer-Palace's game against Hull bigger than cup final: Allardyce Entertainment Mandira Bedi's AMAZING transformation will leave you amazed, check pic! SEE PICTURES: Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli SPOTTED on a lunch date! Jason Aldean, Brittany Kerr expecting first child together Kareena Kapoor to be new face of Dabur Amla hair oil NOT Karan Johar! Salman Khan to LAUNCH Sara Ali Khan and Aayush Sharma Money Techmagnate acquires BlogX, the largest blog conference in India @ 5/9/2017 11:46:08 AM Lexus launches LX 450d SUV at Rs 2.32 crore INSIGHT-Dismantling nuclear: German power firms sell new skills British exporters see few long-term gains from sterling windfall GLOBAL-MARKETS-Asia stocks, dollar subdued after French relief, S.Korea voted eyed Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tesla Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesla Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AMETEK, Inc. (AME) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Wingstop’s (WING) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Stephens Tesla’s (TSLA) “Underweight” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Blackline Inc (BL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by William Blair Antero Resources Corp (AR) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Ameresco Inc (AMRC) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Redwood Trust, Inc. (RWT) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Brokers Offer Predictions for Universal Display Co.’s FY2018 Earnings (OLED) Insider Selling: Cowen Group Inc (COWN) COO Sells $549,850.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Corning Incorporated (GLW) VP Sells $676,632.32 in Stock Louise Grondin Sells 10,000 Shares of Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (AEM) Stock SkyWest, Inc. (SKYW) Stake Raised by Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Has $1.243 Million Position in Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) Insider Selling: Domtar Corp (UFS) Insider Sells $606,366.40 in Stock Baker Ellis Asset Management LLC Decreases Stake in Stryker Co. (SYK) Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) Stake Decreased by Baker Ellis Asset Management LLC Stryker Co. (SYK) Position Cut by John G Ullman & Associates Inc. First Mercantile Trust Co. Invests $298,000 in Healthequity Inc (HQY) Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) Stake Decreased by ST Germain D J Co. Inc. Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) Position Boosted by Penobscot Investment Management Company Inc. Tesla’s (TSLA) “Underweight” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA)‘s stock had its “underweight” rating reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report released on Monday. They currently have a $190.00 target price on the electric vehicle producer’s stock, up from their previous target price of $185.00. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective points to a potential downside of 38.38% from the company’s previous close. Several other analysts have also recently weighed in on TSLA. Berenberg Bank set a $193.00 price target on Tesla and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Morgan Stanley raised Tesla from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $242.00 to $305.00 in a report on Thursday, January 19th. TheStreet raised Tesla from a “d+” rating to a “c-” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Vetr raised Tesla from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $244.47 price target for the company in a report on Monday, January 30th. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Tesla in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $273.49. Shares of Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) opened at 308.35 on Monday. Tesla has a 52-week low of $178.19 and a 52-week high of $327.66. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $293.58 and its 200-day moving average price is $241.13. The company’s market capitalization is $49.99 billion. Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The electric vehicle producer reported ($1.97) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.67) by $1.30. The firm had revenue of $2.70 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.56 billion. Tesla had a negative return on equity of 29.17% and a negative net margin of 14.74%. On average, analysts expect that Tesla will post ($2.53) earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/teslas-tsla-underweight-rating-reiterated-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other Tesla news, VP John Douglas Field sold 500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, April 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $301.45, for a total value of $150,725.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director Kimbal Musk sold 2,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $286.28, for a total value of $715,700.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 170,546 shares in the company, valued at approximately $48,823,908.88. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 7,691 shares of company stock worth $2,339,433 in the last quarter. Corporate insiders own 27.70% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Green Square Capital LLC raised its stake in Tesla by 0.8% in the third quarter. Green Square Capital LLC now owns 1,296 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock worth $264,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the period. Horizon Kinetics LLC increased its position in shares of Tesla by 0.8% in the fourth quarter. Horizon Kinetics LLC now owns 2,015 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock worth $431,000 after buying an additional 16 shares in the last quarter. Clarius Group LLC increased its position in shares of Tesla by 0.3% in the first quarter. Clarius Group LLC now owns 4,625 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock worth $1,287,000 after buying an additional 16 shares in the last quarter. Coldstream Capital Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Tesla by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. Coldstream Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,268 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock worth $271,000 after buying an additional 18 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Linscomb & Williams Inc. increased its position in shares of Tesla by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Linscomb & Williams Inc. now owns 6,567 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock worth $1,403,000 after buying an additional 27 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 57.29% of the company’s stock. About Tesla Tesla, Inc, formerly Tesla Motors, Inc, designs, develops, manufactures and sells fully electric vehicles, and energy storage systems, as well as installs, operates and maintains solar and energy storage products. The Company operates through two segments: Automotive, and Energy generation and storage. Receive News & Ratings for Tesla Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesla Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad JPMorgan rings note of caution on European cyclicals amid earnings optimism By Reuters Published: 09:46 EDT, 8 May 2017 | Updated: 09:46 EDT, 8 May 2017 e-mail By Kit Rees LONDON, May 8 (Reuters) - Strategists at JPMorgan on Monday downgraded European capital goods and chemical sectors, two sectors closely geared to an economic recovery, and took a more favourable stance on more defensive, dividend-paying telecoms and consumer staples. The recommendation stands at odds with the recent investor enthusiasm on European stocks which has largely hinged on the recovery in profits and the upswing in the region's economy. Europe is enjoying its brightest set of quarterly corporate earnings since 2010, with banks, industrials and capital goods companies posting strong results that have, on average, exceeded expectations and stoked a rush back from investors. European stocks are up nearly 10 percent this year and are outpacing other developed markets. But valuations for some sectors are getting stretched, JPMorgan strategists led by Mislav Matejka, wrote in a note to clients, noting European capital goods and chemicals stocks in particular. "...everybody has turned bullish on earnings now, and the bar for Q2 and 2H has been raised materially. Earnings could, in fact, soften over the next few months," they added, noting weakness in recent data from the U.S. and China. Capital goods stocks were trading at the richest price-to-earnings multiples relative to the broader market since the peaks seen in 2007 and 2011, JPMorgan wrote, adding they had now overshot levels backed up by economic data. The case for European stocks was bolstered by Emmanuel Macron's weekend win in France's presidential election against far-right candidate Marine Le Pen, which removed one of the biggest political risks for the bloc this year. The return of inflows into the Eurozone will likely continue to support the market in the very short term, JPMorgan said, but recommended investors use any further gains to lock in some profits and pare back positions in stocks. "We believe that once the inflows are spent, one should look to reduce directional exposure to equities," the strategists wrote. They also cut their "overweight" on banks by half but said eurozone banks remain attractive relative to U.S. peers. JPMorgan upgraded the telecoms to "overweight" and consumer staples to "neutral," further underscoring their more defensive stance on equity markets. European telcos are laggards this year up just 3.9 percent in 2017. (Reporting by Kit Rees, Editing by Vikram Subhedar) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Some-thong to smile about! Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez displays her sizzling beach body and pert behind in TINY bikini Back in black leather! Bra-free Kim Kardashian is a tall drink of naughty as she squeezes into sexy outfit  'He is completely besotted': Harry Styles 'is dating Naked Diet chef Tess Ward after being introduced through mutual friends' Feelin' So Good! Inseparable Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez hold hands on dinner date stroll in NYC One week after their first public appearance  Billie Faiers flaunts her ample assets and trim tum in sizzling scarlet halterneck bikini on family holiday in Dubai... just WEEKS after giving birth 'It wasn't the behaviour of a married woman': 'Drunk' Katie Price 'seen getting close' to fellow club-goer in Miami... after vowing to go sober in 2017 FIRST LOOK: Fresh-faced Danny Dyer makes his EastEnders comeback as he returns to Mick Carter role after break for exhaustion Tyga's rumoured former fling Demi Rose exhibits her ample cleavage and pert derriere in a series of scantily clad images What sorcery is this? Poppy Delevingne and Annabelle Wallis look magical in elegant gowns at the LA premiere of King Arthur Looking like a Milian bucks: Christina wows in green gown at King Arthur: Legend of the Sword premiere in Los Angeles Looked sensational Meryl Streep, Robert De Niro and Christopher Walken enjoy Deer Hunter reunion 40 years after making Oscar-winning Vietnam War movie HAIR over heels in love: Sophie Turner jumps for joy on New York City walk with boyfriend Joe Jonas Picture of young love  'You look like you've been through a bread slicer!' TOWIE's James 'Arg' Argent shocks fans with his staggering weight loss after 10-week Thai rehab Bald Cara Delevingne looks sleepy while jetting out of LA the day after attending the MTV Movie Awards The morning after the night before Puppy love! Paris Jackson smooches her dog during a lunchtime outing in Los Angeles The 19-year-old  is one proud fur parent Selfie for two! Pregnant Serena Williams shows off her baby bump in clingy white top and denim jacket 'I married the love of my life': Tom Daley, 22, gushes about new husband, Dustin Lance Black, 42, as they share the first photos from their lavish wedding Emily Ratajkowski goes topless in ANOTHER provocative seflie as she cheekily covers her perky cleavage with her hands Sienna Miller looks morose while filming The Burning Woman with Christina Hendricks...after hacking scandal My little angel! Kim Kardashian shares sweet photo of Saint West with her Instagram fans  Kim Kardashian dotes on her one-year-old son  In swimsuit and veil, it's Dragon Duncan's bride: Businessman's fiancee throws lavish hen weekend in Monaco  Bye George! Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber are all smiles after flying back home following birthday break with Clooney Victoria's Secret model Romee Strijd shows off her fit figure in a crop top as she wears sunglasses to dinner in Hollywood The perfect match! England star Dele Alli can't keep his hands of his bikini-clad model girlfriend Ruby Mae as they frolic in the waves in Ibiza Twins! Danny DeVito and look-alike daughter Lucy flash identical smirks at the Actors Fund Gala Danny's daughter with Rhea Perlman Baywatch's Donna D'Errico reveals she had 'arm-lift, tummy tuck, lipo and a fat transfer to my buttocks' in a SINGLE DAY So in love! Zachary Quinto and boyfriend Miles McMillan pack on the PDA in NYC The 39-year-old American Horror Story actor Scott Disick has drinks thrown at him by Kim and Khloe Kardashian (and even Kris Jenner) after he takes a woman on family trip Mom's the word! Kourtney Kardashian shows off her slender form in ripped jeans for lunch with Kim Day after a dramatic episode of their family reality show '10 years and going!' Make-up free Jordana Brewster and husband Andrew Form share a romantic kiss after celebrating wedding anniversary Jimmy Kimmel returns to his show to defend his emotional speech as he reveals baby son Billy is on the mend after life-saving heart surgery Not long now! Teen Mom Kailyn Lowry shows off her bump on girls' night with Amber Portwood Flaunting her growing bump  'It made me a little sad': Harrison Ford reveals jealousy at seeing Ryan Gosling 'working with a naked woman' on Blade Runner 2049 set Busty Daisy Lowe teases a flash of her toned stomach as she rocks tie-up shirt at fashion event in New York City Sean 'Diddy' Comb's ex chef alleges he and his pals exposed themselves to her... as rapper calls her sexual harassment lawsuit 'frivolous' Who let the dogs out! Rumer Willis dresses down in sweat pants as she takes pooch on shopping spree in LA Casual trip out with her pet dog 'I would go and have the operation if I wasn't frightened!' Father-of-five Jamie Oliver says he doesn't want to add to his brood despite wife Jools wanting more As hot as the Sahara desert! Justin Bieber's racy ex Ray flaunts her sideboob in a high cut swimsuit one week after posing topless 'Not much competition': Liam Gallagher tells fans his solo single is coming... as he takes ANOTHER swipe at brother Noel and Damon Albarn Michael Buble's wife Luisana Lopilato shares adorable snap on beach as family return to spotlight after Noah's 'miracle' cancer recover . Single siren! Joanna Krupa steps out in mini dress for lunch as split from husband Romain Zago becomes public The 38-year-old Polish beauty All aboard the love boat! Kylie Jenner kisses new beau Travis Scott while partying on a sleek vessel at Miami's River Yacht Club Pregnant Kailyn Lowry posts and then deletes snap in bed with mystery man...who is NOT the father of unborn child Keeping mum Flawless couple! Dwyane Wade supports his gorgeous wife Gabrielle Union at her beauty product party in Miami Flex appeal! Julianne Hough reveals toned arms and legs in asymmetric dress on the red carpet for Dancing With The Stars 'Surprise! We are pregnant!' Jason Aldean and wife Brittany Kerr are expecting their first child together Exciting news for the cute couple Lisa Rinna and Amelia Hamlin have a mother-daughter shopping spree at Marc Jacobs in West Hollywood The 53-year-old Real Housewives star  'Blame the viewers': Bonner Bolton gets booted off DWTS after harsh criticism from judge Len Goodman How Lumley's locks are still luscious at 71: Actress reveals her secret is cutting and dying her hair herself using shop-bought products Jodie Sweetin's ex Justin Hodak headed to prison for six years and eight months in double felony conviction 'I shouldn't get emotional again': Millie Bobby Brown pokes fun of weepy speech before heading out of LA The 13-year-old actress poked fun  'Three of my awards got taken': Rachel Griffiths reveals her Golden Globe and two SAG awards were STOLEN from her home last year Love Island's Katie Salmon puts on an eye-popping display as she flaunts her ample cleavage and pert posterior in skimpy hot pink bikini Lorde sips champagne and cuddles her mother as she celebrates her parents' beachside wedding in New Zealand after they waited 30 years to get married She's always in fashion! Vogue Williams sizzles as she shows off her toned abs in bright red bikini in Ibiza Stunned in her bright red bikini Getting his Kit off! Game Of Thrones' Harington shows off his buff physique in a pair of swimming trunks as he makes a splash in Santorini 'I think it's damaged me': Jamie Oliver reveals he falls asleep to the sounds of the 'ridiculous' Kardashians because wife Jools is a big fan of the show 'I really wanted more babies': Nicola McLean fights back tears as she reveals she's no longer able to have children as doctor orders hysterectomy  Scott Disick's rumoured girlfriend Ella Ross dresses down as she joins the star at Nobu... after ex Kourtney vows to get revenge on him  It suits her! Bald model Cara Delevingne rocks a Sia wig as she sprints with Jaden Smith on the Toronto set of Life In A Year 'They were fat snails that you had to clamp!' Louise returns from Paris with news of French cuisine and an engagement ring Binky & JP took on Louise & Ryan in the race to stage MIC's first wedding -even though the phrase 'happy couple' had never been uttered during 13 series of Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Suits you! Line Of Duty's Vicky McClure looks chic in a monochrome blazer two-piece as she attends the premiere of Jawbone in London Meet the Winstones! Movie hardman Ray proudly shows off his wife Elaine and actress daughter Ellie-Rae at star-studded premiere of his new film Jawbone Richard Simmons accuses his ex-assistant of blackmail, stalking and extortion for selling 'cruel' sex change story Relaxing in Style-s! Singer Harry 'purchases luxurious NYC apartment complete with 71-foot indoor pool and a private spa worth £6.9 MILLION' 'Omg so cute!' Proud father Steven Gerrard sends fans wild as he shares sweet snap of his newborn baby boy Lio laughing She can't keep her clothes on! Courtney Stodden flashes her sideboob as she shows off her new hair color in Instagram clip PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Daley, 22, and Dustin Lance Black, 42, cut bleary-eyed figures as they step out in London for the first time since their wedding Busty Imogen Thomas makes a splash as she parades her curvaceous figure on the beach in a skimpy teal bikini while enjoying a mini-break in Spain 'I am TOO OLD to play the wife of a 57-year-old!' Orange Is the New Black star Jamie Denbo, 43, calls out ageism and sexism in Hollywood with epic Twitter rant  Harrison Ford pulls gun on bloodied Ryan Gosling while Jared Leto is shown for first time in official trailer for Blade Runner 2049 The oldest hipster in town! Michael Douglas, 72, unveils a hirsute new look as he attends Chaplin Award gala Known for his clean shaven and chiseled good looks 'He wanted to tell her immediately and she was in America': TOWIE's Myles Barnett CONFIRMS Chris Clark dumped Jesy Nelson on the phone... as he wasn't over ex Amber Dowding Oh buoy! Natasha Oakley swaps her bikinis for revealing red one-piece during a Baywatch-inspired run along the beach 'I'm Conrad motherf***ing Hilton, don't you forget it': Paris's brother is filmed unleashing homophobic and racist rant at police after claiming a cop groped him  Demi Lovato splits from MMA fighter boyfriend Guilherme Vasconcelos The couple first connected on a romantic level last July. Just another day at the office! Lady Gaga displays her fit physique in a bodysuit on A Star Is Born set 'He still lives inside me': Caitlyn Jenner says Bruce is a part of her because she admires the man who won the Olympics and raised 'great kids' Don't they know she's a VIP? Khloe Kardashian doesn't get special treatment at LA airport as she has to wait in line and strip off jacket Paul Weller, 58, cosies up to pregnant wife Hannah, 31, at Jawbone premiere in London as he prepares to be a father for the EIGHTH time 'I wouldn't be working either': Kim Zolciak reveals 20-year-old daughter Brielle is making six figures on social media Taking a break from the catwalk! Victoria's Secret star Elsa Hosk reveals she has injured leg while scooting around NYC as she gets kiss from beau Tom Zanetti's pals slam rumours hunky DJ is having affair with Katie Price... as speculation mounts that the model is reviving her music career She likes J-Rod...but not A-Lo! Jennifer Lopez talks nicknames for new relationship with Alex Rodriguez adding she 'loves' his dance moves Zoe Kravitz puts on a VERY revealing display as she dares to go completely topless in explicit scenes with her co-star Emile Hirsch in their upcoming movie Keeping it in the family! Kiera Chaplin looks stunning in a goddess inspired gown at awards ceremony named after her grandfather She's back! Vanessa Hudgens looks radiant as she hits the Today show in NYC to perform new song after a four-year hiatus Still a Top Gun! Val Kilmer is seen running into LAX airport after admitting he has cancer but is doing fine after a 'healing' First look: Will & Grace cast show their faces in poster for NBC's reboot of the classic TV series... and they look like they haven't aged one bit Split! Real Housewives Of Miami star Joanna Krupa 'broke it off with husband of four years Romain Zago FIVE MONTHS ago' No ruff feelings: Orlando Bloom walks pooch identical to former flame Katy Perry's adorable dog in Malibu as he remains 'good friends' with ex-girlfriend Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, confidently shows off her sensationally slender figure in skimpy metallic bikini as she enjoys a fun-filled day at the beach in Miami George Clooney hilariously photobombs couple Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber... after celebrating his 56th birthday 'Empathy should have no limits': Emma Watson wins first 'gender free' category as Beauty and the Beast dominates the MTV Movie & TV Awards 'I don't think he's well in the head': Conrad Hilton's former girlfriend reveals she is 'scared' of her ex after he was arrested for 'attempting to break into her mother's home' Boys night out! Father-of-six Sean Combs, 47, lights up Miami club with Brooklyn rapper Joey Bada$$, 22 Cruise control! Tom, 54, cuts a handsome figure as he hops on a motorcycle to perform dangerous chase scene for Mission Impossible 6 First look: Ricky Martin is seen in character as Gianni Versace's lover Antonio D'Amico as he joins Edgar Ramirez on American Crime Story set Mel B shows off her toned legs in a revealing boho slit dress as she visits nail salon with daughter Madison... amid divorce battle with Stephen Belafonte Phaedra Parks 'fired' from Real Housewives of Atlanta after admitting she started 'drug and date rape' rumor about co-star Kandi Burruss 'I can go a few days without a snog': Stacey Solomon admits she doesn't show other half Joe Swash enough affection Arrested! Planet Of The Apes actress Estella Warren is taken in for misdemeanor domestic violence after 'pouring cleaning fluid on her boyfriend' 'We got to keep it real, honey': Katy Perry teases consequence for Taylor Swift's Bad Blood as she discusses new album Is it a bird? Is it a plane? Harry Styles soars through the sky in new music video for Sign Of The Times - sending fans into meltdown Fly girl! Jennifer Lopez jumps into action as she films subway scene in New York for Shades Of Blue The multi-talented 47-year-old star was snapped filming an action sequence  'You can take all my money!' Alexa Chung sends fans into meltdown as she announces her first solo fashion line (and guess who she's chosen as the model) Trendy Myleene Klass flashes a saucy lace bra beneath her classic gingham shirt as she hails a cab after work in London Pouty Tulisa rocks a '90s-inspired Calvin Klein T-shirt and cargo pants as she leaves MTV studios... after jetting back to the UK from holiday in Mumbai Look away Amber! Jamie Reed packs on the PDA with his girlfriend Jade Lewis as they enjoy sun-soaked getaway in Mallorca EXCLUSIVE: Paul Walker's father opens up about the actor's tragic death amid the release of The Fate of the Furious Still struggling to accept Pregnant Danielle Lloyd displays her blossoming bump in figure-hugging jeggings and matching grey jacket as she attends a meeting in London Holly Willoughby looks pleased as she displays her impressive hula-hooping skills during Britain's Got Talent segment on This Morning Tori Spelling calls husband Dean McDermott 'the hottest soccer dad I know' as she celebrates their 11th wedding anniversary 'I suffer from stage fright!': Salma Hayek, 50, finally admits her secret fear after working as an actress for 30 years She quit! Jennifer Morrison announces departure from TV's Once Upon A Time after current sixth season She was 'invited' to stay on longer Friends in high places! Tom Cruise receives a special visit from French culture minister Audrey Azoulay as he films chase scene for Mission Impossible 6 Now THAT'S a wedding bill! From the lavish marquee to the luxury gown, experts believe Pippa Middleton's big day could cost as much as £250,000 Girl's gone Wildling! Game Of Thrones' Rose Leslie and beau Kit Harington go exploring on ATVs as they enjoy romantic break in sunny Santorini Harry Styles risks £200 fine and six penalty points on his license as he's spotted using his mobile phone behind the wheel in London (Fifty) Shades of Blue! Jennifer Lopez strips down to her lingerie as she enjoys steamy romp with on-screen love interest Gino Anthony Pesi Justin Bieber soaks up the sun alongside a bevy of bikini-clad beauties as he enjoys a break from rigorous world tour at Dubai pool party SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Connor McIntyre shows his silly side during filming as his villainous character Pat Phelan meets his daughter  Matthew Macfadyen looks every inch the dapper Edwardian gent as he films BBC remake of Howards End in Surrey Danniella Westbrook channels her inner zen while taking part in a sun-soaked class... as she continues to cut a fit figure in Spain following her spell in rehab Everything Changes! Take That's Gary Barlow admits he dyed his locks peroxide blonde because his tresses are 'departing so quickly' Drinking her breakfast! Vanessa Hudgens carries a smoothie and orange juice as steps out in LA with Kardashian-style camo jacket Celine Dion shares brilliant throwback snap of herself eating a street HOT DOG in her Versace gown after attending her first Met Gala Still stunning! Dolly Parton, 71, glows in bright green during parade in Tennessee after revealing in new book she nearly committed suicide Green goddess! Queen Letizia of Spain looks radiant in emerald as she welcomes the President and First Lady of Costa Rica to Madrid Is THIS what Meghan will wear if she marries Prince Harry? Hilarious video of Miss Markle donning a gown made from TOILET ROLL resurfaces Good genes! Natalya Wright, 16, proves she is a dead ringer for her glam sister Jess in array of sun-soaked snaps from family holiday in Dubai Showing off those dancer legs! Jennifer Lopez, 47, flaunts her toned gams as she heads to Today Show in NYC Looked city chic Paris Jackson keeps it VERY casual at MTV Movie & TV Awards as she, Jourdan Dunn and Farrah Abraham lead stars who missed the mark on red carpet 'Not funny!' Girls star Allison Williams is slammed for making'racist' jokes at the MTV Movie & TV awards 'I'll wear what I want - it's MY body!': This Is Us star Chrissy Metz hits back at haters after they criticize her red PVC dress at MTV Awards No hair, don't care! Cara Delevingne and Amber Rose sport VERY similar peroxide blonde buzz-cuts as they cosy up at MTV Movie and TV Awards You can stand under his umbrella-ella-ella! Spiderman's Tom Holland puts on a brolly good show as he channels Rihanna on Lip Sync Battle Britain's Got Talent caught up in a new fix row as it's discovered contortionist act are Cirque de Soleil pros and eagle-eyed viewers spot 'impossible' tweet The Voice's Lydia Lucy flashes her painful-looking red tan lines in a glittering blue bikini as she continues to soak up the sun in Marbella We are family! Perrie Edwards supports her footballer beau Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain at Arsenal match with BOTH of their mothers 'I'm just thinking about all the guys I'm going to f***': Kourtney Kardashian vows to get revenge after Scott Disick secretly brings fling to Costa Rica Casey Batchelor slips into sexy see-through dress for night out... after admitting that her breasts have grown back after boob reduction Topless Danielle Mason flaunts her ample assets as she cheekily undoes sexy cut-out swimwear... after admitting 'anxiety' led to suicide attempt Marnie Simpson flashes her shapely legs in just a sweater as she goes speed dating with Chloe Ferry... after split from Lewis Bloor Britain's Got Talent hopeful Harry Gardner, 16, reveals his grandmother died just days before his emotional audition aired Later, alligator! Katie Price looks less than impressed as she spots native reptile while she jets through the Florida Everglades Ray Winstone reveals he didn't learn to read until he was 11 and his love of boxing helped keep him out of trouble as a child 'He came into my room and tried to touch me:' Barbara Windsor recounts attempted abuse as an evacuee... after biopic based on her life is slammed Lorraine stuns when she describes Emma Watson as a 'wee bit annoying' as the star wins an MTV award (but some insist it's 'what the nation's thinking')  Amber Rose flashes skin in tiny red crop top as she joins glam Cara Delevigne, Hailee Steinfeld and Zendaya... before HAIL washes out MTV Awards arrivals Stranger Things have happened! Millie Bobby Brown wins big at the MTV Awards... as the Netflix series is named Show Of The Year and she lands Best Actor Cara Delevingne decorates bleached shaved head with silver paint while rocking an LBD and racy thigh-high boots at MTV Movie & TV Awards 'Darling, Did you get a DUI? "If only!": Kenny Goss reveals the aftermath of George Michael's infamous arrest for a sex act in a LA toilet 'Feeling very blessed': Michelle Keegan reveals she now has a 'totally different perspective on life' after shooting scenes for her hit show Our Girl in Nepal Fun in the sun! Former beauty queen Katherine Webb flashes her toned abs in a blue bikini while enjoying a day at the pool with 11-month-old son Tripp 'It's not a compliment to me!' Lena Dunham hits back after her recent weight loss is featured on magazine cover... as she shares her own 'slimdown tips' Mega fan Stormzy can't contain his excitement as he cuddles up with Adele backstage... after she gave his new album a shoutout on Instagram Saucy Charlotte Dawson leaves little to the imagination in VERY plunging nude playsuit as she parties the night away at charity event in Liverpool 'I do miss it': Joe Thomas raises hopes of an Inbetweeners reunion as he hints the hapless four could return to television screens as FATHERS Stepping out (Home) Alone! Macaulay Culkin looks like the ultimate rocker in biker jacket s... after bonding with goddaughter Paris Jackson Keeping it Klassy! Busty Myleene shows off her enviable washboard stomach in an array of tantalising swimwear in sizzling Moroccan photoshoot A kiss for luck! Meghan and Harry in tender embrace as he joins forces with William to BEAT rival polo team as stars cheer them on Storming the red carpet! Stars including Hailee Steinfeld have their moment in the spotlight ruined by freak HAIL storm at MTV Movie & TV Awards  Suit you! Gal Gadot swaps her Wonder Woman costume for revealing tuxedo dress at MTV Movie & TV Awards Fashion forward actress 'And the winner is... La La Light!' Amy Schumer spoofs Oscars blunder at the MTV Movie & TV Awards... before begging Goldie Hawn to adopt her Busty Katie Price sets pulses racing in barely-there bikini and killer boots... after husband Kieran was left 'jealous' over her cosy display with a DJ Yummy mummy Adriana Lima works her off-duty model look in a pair of colourful yoga pants as she takes her adorable little girls shopping Will Young is returning to the BBC as a judge on a capella competition Pitch Battle... after he quit Strictly days after an awkward on-screen row with Len Goodman 'I loved it': Ruby Rose admits Keanu Reeves elbowed her in the FACE while filming John Wick 2...but she didn't mind one bit  Antiques Roadshow presenter Fiona Bruce is reduced to a fit of giggles after mystery item is revealed to have a VERY saucy past She's found her Prince Charming! Bindi Irwin and boyfriend Chandler Powell look loved up as they walk hand-in-hand around Disney's Epcot Park Jemma Lucy flaunts her surgically-enhanced cleavage as she goes completely naked for sizzling poolside shower in Turkey... ahead of Brazilian butt lift Gordon Ramsay sends his Twitter followers into meltdown when he COMPLIMENTS a fan's dish - ending a long-running streak of blistering attacks 'They say thank you all the time': Alec Baldwin reveals he's always complimented on Trump impersonation and is 'slapped on the back' by New Yorkers 'Do whatever it takes': Moonlight stars Ashton Sanders and Jharrel Jerome win Best Kiss at MTV Movie Awards The Oscar winning film picks up more awards Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India May 08, 2017-Monday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion ipl 2017 sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. business Updated: May 08, 2017 18:22 IST Reuters London (Reuters photo) The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Last week, Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London’s growth as a financial centre could “stall” as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS, and Citigroup have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union’s single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. “It’s full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning,” said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. “There’s no waiting.” Although the moves would represent about 2 percent of London’s finance jobs, Britain’s tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The Institute for Fiscal Studies - a think tank focused on budget issues - said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population will have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit. The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favour opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. Deutsche Bank said on April 26 up to 4,000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit - the largest potential move of any bank. JPMorgan last week announced plans to move hundreds of roles to three European cities in the next two years. This is still significantly lower than the 4,000 figure JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon first estimated before the vote. Estimates for possible finance-related job losses from Brexit are on a broad range from 4,000 to 232,000, according to separate reports by Oliver Wyman and Ernst & Young. Banks are treading carefully, enacting two-stage contingency plans, to avoid losing nervous London-based staff as they work out how many jobs will have to eventually move. This suggests that the numbers could potentially rise further depending on what deal is eventually negotiated between the EU and Britain. This first phase involves small numbers to make sure the requisite licences, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next will depend on the longer term strategy of a bank’s European business. The Bank of England has given finance companies until July 14 to set out their plans. One senior bank executive at a large British bank said forcing companies to make a plan makes it more likely that they will follow through. “It is an unintended consequence, but the more and more preparation you do the more likely you are to execute those plans,” the executive said. HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said this week that the bank’s previous estimate that around 1000 staff would move to Paris following Britain’s vote to leave the EU, was based on a ‘hard Brexit’ scenario. Most banks are working on the assumption that this is the most likely outcome of the separation talks and would involve losing access to the single market with no special financial services deal and no transition period. tags Brexit bank jobs Standard Chartered JPMorgan more from business Bosch resumes operations in Bengaluru plants after two-day shutdown May 08, 2017 16:37 IST Six months after demonetisation, auto sales back to normal but BS-III brakes growth May 08, 2017 16:55 IST Is Your Couch Making You Cough? Promotional Feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Delhi court summons HP CM Virbhadra Singh,wife as accused in DA case May 08, 2017 18:19 IST LeT, Hizbul Mujahideen involved in spate of bank robberies: Kashmir police May 08, 2017 17:29 IST End of road for Lalu Prasad in politics, says BJP’s Sushil Modi May 08, 2017 16:41 IST CBI questions former Haryana CM Bhupinder Hooda in Panchkula land allotment scam May 08, 2017 16:32 IST Prolonged Kashmir unrest might impact GST roll-out in militancy-hit state May 08, 2017 16:55 IST UP IPS Association seeks report on berating of woman officer by BJP legislator May 08, 2017 16:31 IST 16-year-old boy killed for honour in Bihar’s Purnia May 08, 2017 16:17 IST UK immigration target will hit India ties, say Liberal Democrats May 08, 2017 18:05 IST Iran warns Pakistan it will hit ‘safe havens’ of Sunni militants May 08, 2017 17:44 IST Syria will abide by ‘de-escalation’ plan, says foreign minister May 08, 2017 17:57 IST Nepal fines man $22,000 for trying to climb Everest without permit May 08, 2017 16:59 IST Afghan envoy rejects claim that 50 soldiers were killed by Pak troops May 08, 2017 17:57 IST Indian woman says forcibly married to Pakistani man, wants to be repatriated May 08, 2017 15:21 IST Australia’s Prime Minister says Islamic State fighter’s son can return May 08, 2017 11:56 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Young Mumbaiites find out what ails city’s slum dwellers May 08, 2017 18:19 IST BJP’s CM too: Trivendra Rawat holds karyakarta adalat to resolve cadres’ woes May 08, 2017 18:06 IST AAP cries conspiracy as BJP, Congress approach L-G to sack, prosecute Kejriwal May 08, 2017 17:50 IST Consumer Commission asks doctor to pay Rs 19 lakh for medical negligence in 1998 May 08, 2017 17:16 IST Silence at Lalu Prasad’s Patna residence, former MP Tiwari says grand alliance will... May 08, 2017 17:15 IST Attend Justin Bieber’s concert, visit a British-era bunker soon: Top 5 stories from... May 08, 2017 16:50 IST Bouncer killed in ‘gang war’ in Panchkula May 08, 2017 16:40 IST Meet the ‘King of Coins’ who has gathered a million of them May 08, 2017 17:58 IST 16-year-old boy killed for honour in Bihar’s Purnia May 08, 2017 16:17 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors December 16 gang rape: ‘Rarest of rare’ does not just mean ‘exceptionally brutal’ May 08, 2017 16:48 IST Metro Matters: The seat of Swachh Bharat campaign must come clean May 08, 2017 15:43 IST French elections: Macron-Le Pen war of world views is still being fought May 08, 2017 15:00 IST Electric cars are a novel idea, but Modi government may find it tough to implem... May 08, 2017 14:49 IST French elections: Can Emmanuel Macron unify a politically fractured France? May 08, 2017 15:00 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa ‘MS Dhoni world’s best keeper, never had a bad day in 15 years’ May 08, 2017 18:03 IST ICC Champions Trophy 2017: Ravi Shastri praises Indian cricket team selection May 08, 2017 18:03 IST Chris Lynn the ‘hardest hitter’ in world, says KKR skipper Gautam Gambhir May 08, 2017 18:02 IST Lionel Messi lookalike mesmerizes Iran, booked for disrupting traffic May 08, 2017 17:44 IST IPL 2017: Robin Uthappa likely to return for KKR against KXIP May 08, 2017 17:17 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Priyanka Chopra on her Zimbabwe trip: I will never forget the children’s stories May 08, 2017 18:23 IST Dear Justin Bieber, allow us to be your tour guides in India May 08, 2017 18:18 IST Wackiest tour rider demands by international celebrities May 08, 2017 18:10 IST Sharad Kelkar: Dubbing artists are not promoted enough in Bollywood May 08, 2017 18:05 IST First Spider-Man Homecoming clip: Peter Parker ‘comes out’ and it’s hilarious May 08, 2017 18:05 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Feather, dragon, barbed wire — the weirdest brow trends to take over the internet May 08, 2017 18:23 IST World Thalassemia Day: Can the disease affect pregnancy? May 08, 2017 18:00 IST He’s a role model for the millennial generation: Ustad Amjad Ali Khan on Justin... May 08, 2017 17:37 IST Fashion hamper for Justin Bieber: Jackets, sneakers..but no Indian wear May 08, 2017 15:20 IST We trust people who share our rituals, be it greetings or the coffee we like: S... May 08, 2017 15:06 IST Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit May 08, 2017 18:22 IST Bosch resumes operations in Bengaluru plants after two-day shutdown May 08, 2017 16:37 IST Six months after demonetisation, auto sales back to normal but BS-III brakes gr... May 08, 2017 16:55 IST SBI cuts interest rates by 0.25% for home loans under Rs 30 lakh, to be effective... May 08, 2017 15:04 IST GST may marginally lower tax burden on goods, rise on services, Jaitley says May 08, 2017 14:53 IST Jaitley says liberalisation will prevail over protectionism May 08, 2017 14:49 IST 6 months of demonetisation: Cash back to being king, shortage at ATMs continues May 08, 2017 14:35 IST Is Xiaomi Redmi 4 on the way? Here is all you need to know May 08, 2017 16:08 IST Apple may launch Amazon Echo, Google Home-like home speaker with Siri soon May 08, 2017 14:28 IST Believe it or not! This smartwatch can move in five directions on your wrist May 08, 2017 14:03 IST Android ‘O’ Beta coming soon, says Google May 08, 2017 13:35 IST OnePlus 5 to come with 8GB RAM, launch in June May 08, 2017 11:13 IST Struggling with mobile data limits? Here are five ways to cut down on iPhone data... May 08, 2017 11:27 IST Watch Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and YouTube-like shows on Facebook soon May 08, 2017 10:44 IST NEET 2017 unofficial answer key: Check them here May 08, 2017 18:04 IST NEET 2017: Coaching gurus in Kota analyse the exam question paper May 08, 2017 16:59 IST Meghalaya, Nagaland school results: Shillong’s St Anthony’s sweeps Class 12 science... May 08, 2017 16:36 IST NEET shocker: ‘I am humiliated’, says Kerala girl who was forced to remove bra May 08, 2017 16:06 IST NBSE Nagaland HSLC (Class 10) and (HSSLC) Class 12 board exam results today May 08, 2017 13:09 IST From Mishra to Manoj: Here is a look at the Aam Aadmi Party crisis May 08, 2017 18:23 IST Mumbaiites under water, this time for fun May 08, 2017 15:47 IST No boating this summer as Delhi’s famous Purana Qila boat club... May 08, 2017 08:44 IST No shoes, no earrings: NEET candidates undergo tough security check May 08, 2017 08:38 IST Shooting the dead: Meet India’s police photographers May 06, 2017 14:17 IST 98-year-old yoga guru credits ancient discipline for her long life May 08, 2017 16:18 IST BJP, Congress engage in war of words over SC’s move on fodder scam May 08, 2017 15:32 IST Meet India’s UFO Hunters May 07, 2017 13:56 IST The invisible world of India’s police photographers May 07, 2017 13:56 IST Yogi Adityanath wields broom for ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ May 06, 2017 11:36 IST ht-indepth longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
By continuing to use this site you consent to the use of cookies on your device. Find out more about our cookie policy and the types of cookies we use by clicking here You currently DO NOT have javascript enabled, to view our site this must be enabled, read more Welcome to Morningstar Type Ticker, Company or Fund Name Sign Up Login Company Site Home Portfolio Investing for Retirement  Equities OEIC / Unit Trusts Investment Trusts ETFs Markets Tools Advisers   Welcome to Morningstar.co.uk! You have been redirected here from Hemscott.com as we are merging our websites to provide you with a one-stop shop for all your investment research needs. Get Started: To search for a security, type the name or ticker in the search box at the top of the page and select from the dropdown results. Registered Hemscott users can log in to Morningstar using the same login details. Similarly, if you are a Hemscott Premium user, you now have a Morningstar Premium account which you can access using the same login details. Morningstar.co.uk contains data, news and research on shares and funds, unique commentary and independent Morningstar research on a broad range of investment products, and portfolio and asset allocation tools to help make better investing decisions. For more information: Find out more about Morningstar and the website Read our top tips for getting the most out of Morningstar.co.uk Locate your usual Hemscott.com features on Morningstar.co.uk See a comprehensive list of Morningstar.co.uk features Check the answers to FAQs Contact website support Don't show me this message again   Close Fund Rating News Morningstar Fund Ratings: Weekly Round-up ANALYST RATINGS: Fund analyst updates on JP Morgan US Select Equity, Jupiter Dynamic Bond and SPDR S&P 400 US Mid Cap ETF Morningstar Analysts 8 May, 2017 | 2:10PM Share via Email   Receiver's Email: Invalid Reciever Email Sender's Email: Invalid Sender Email Add Your Note (Optional):   New Ratings JPMorgan US Select Equity – Silver Jeffrey Schumacher We initiate coverage on JPM US Select Equity with a Morningstar Analyst Rating of Silver, in line with its US version, JPMorgan US Equity JMUEX. The combination of a strong team with built-in succession planning, a robust process, and below-average fees supports our conviction. JPMorgan has announced that veteran manager Tom Luddy will step back from managing the fund in January 2018 and will be succeeded by Scott Davis as lead manager, in charge of 65% of the fund’s assets. A sleeve of 10% will be managed by Susan Bao, with the fund since 2001, while a 25% portion remains in the hands of the analyst team supporting the managers. The team uses a robust and proven dividend-discount model, creating a diversified portfolio with limited stock-specific bets. Although this might sound like a recipe for mediocrity, the fund has consistently outperformed thanks to solid stock-picking across the board. SPDR S&P 400 US Mid Cap ETF – Gold Monika Dutt This fund offers diversified exposure to US mid-cap stocks. With a low cost of 0.30% and a soundly constructed and representative benchmark, this fund is well positioned to continue producing superior risk-adjusted returns relative to its peers over the long-term. T.Rowe Price Global High Yield Bond – Gold Niels Faassen Lead manager Mark Vaselkiv has applied the same value-driven process for T. Rowe’s high-yield strategy since he became lead manager on the U.S.-domiciled fund in 1996. Rigorous bottom-up credit selection has been successfully married with top-down macro analysis from T. Rowe’s veteran investment committee members, all at reasonable fees. T. Rowe and Vaselkiv have a history of putting shareholders first, including by closing the strategy to new investors in April 2012, the second time during Vaselkiv's tenure. Upgrades Candriam Bonds Euro High Yield – Silver Mara Dobrescu Philippe Noyard has been in charge of this fund since 1999 and relies on an experienced and tight-knit team of portfolio managers and analysts. This investment approach distinguishes itself through its high degree of conviction and its active share (the percentage of bond holdings that differ from the market index), which has historically ranged between 65% and 80%. While we are keeping a close eye on capacity management at the strategy level, the experience of the team and the continued application of a proven investment process have consolidated our conviction. db x-trackers MSCI Japan – Silver Kenneth Lamont We have upgraded this fund's rating following the fee reduction in April 2017 from 0.50% to 0.30%.  The change aligns fees with some of the lowest cost funds tracking the MSCI Japan index and can be expected to boost future performance. The fund is one of several strong passive offerings in a category in which index trackers have performed strongly. The fund offers broad and representative cap-weighted exposure to Japanese large-cap equities for a fraction of the median price in the category. This sizable cost advantage has contributed toward an impressive performance. The ETF has comfortably outperformed its surviving category peers over five and ten years when ranked on a risk-adjusted basis. The magnitude and consistency of the outperformance allows us to remain confident that the fund will continue to outpace rival funds going forwards. Jupiter Dynamic Bond – Silver Carlos Lucar Lead manager Ariel Bezalel has been at the helm of this strategy for nearly a decade. He formulates the top-down positioning of the fund and relies on a focused but growing team of analysts for bottom-up idea generation. The resulting portfolio balances the capital preservation traits of government bonds with the income-generation brought on by the exposure to corporate credit. Over time, Bezalel and team have been adept using the process’ flexibility to take advantage of the fund’s wide opportunity set to position the portfolio across different market environments to generate consistently strong results. Our conviction in the fund has gradually increased in recognition of Bezalel’s long experience and his successful execution of the process. Jupiter Strategic Bond – Silver Carlos Lucar Lead manager Ariel Bezalel has been at the helm of this strategy for nearly a decade. He formulates the top-down positioning of the fund and relies on a focused but growing team of analysts for bottom-up idea generation. The resulting portfolio balances the capital preservation traits of government bonds with the income-generation brought on by the exposure to corporate credit. Over time, Bezalel and team have been adept using the process’ flexibility to take advantage of the fund’s wide opportunity set to position the portfolio across different market environments to generate consistently strong results. Our conviction in the fund has gradually increased in recognition of Bezalel’s long experience and his successful execution of the process. The information contained within is for educational and informational purposes ONLY. It is not intended nor should it be considered an invitation or inducement to buy or sell a security or securities noted within nor should it be viewed as a communication intended to persuade or incite you to buy or sell security or securities noted within. Any commentary provided is the opinion of the author and should not be considered a personalised recommendation. The information contained within should not be a person's sole basis for making an investment decision. Please contact your financial professional before making an investment decision. Share via Email   Receiver's Email: Invalid Reciever Email Sender's Email: Invalid Sender Email Add Your Note (Optional):   Related Articles Most Popular Recent Articles Morningstar's Manager Check Up REAFFIRMED RATINGS: Morningstar's Jonathan Miller explains how fund analysts rate Sanlam Globa... Morningstar Fund Ratings: Weekly Round-up ANALYST RATINGS: Fund analyst updates on Fundsmith Equity, JP Morgan US, Investec Global Franc... Morningstar's Manager Check Up REAFFIRMED RATINGS: Morningstar's Jonathan Miller explains how analysts rate Artemis UK Smalle... Morningstar Fund Ratings: Weekly Round-up ANALYST RATINGS: Fund analyst updates on L&G All Stocks Gilt Index,  Morningstar's Manager Check Up REAFFIRMED RATINGS: Morningstar's Jonathan Miller explains why analysts positively rate Fideli... Are FTSE Mining Companies Cheap Right Now? Mining companies are operating in a challenging environment but could now be the time to top up o... Advice for George Osborne and Stock Market Regrets THE WEEK: Morningstar columnist Rodney Hobson provides two pieces of advice to George Osborne, an... How to Find Solid Dividend-Paying Stocks Businesses that have competitive advantages within their industry are good candidates for dividen... 10 Top-Performing Funds in the UK Morningstar reveals the top 10 best performers over the last five years Fund Research: Europe’s Shining Stars Morningstar OBSR reveals the top funds for investors seeking exposure to European equities How Stock Fundamentals Impact the Share Price Prices will move around, but it gets incrementally harder for market prices to push further and f... Macron Win Good for Stocks Emmanuel Macron will be the next president of France, having defeated Marine Le Pen by a margin o... Top 10 Articles on Morningstar MOST READ: What are investors reading this week? It's all about income investing, Lloyds, impact ... Warren Buffett Hints at Succession Plan Hints that Buffett could retire one day and a lack of clarity around the future of freight railwa... Dodge & Cox Worldwide US Stock vs Passive Funds How does a Gold Rated actively managed US equity fund fare against a low cost ETF or tracker fund... Securities Mentioned in Article Security Name Price Change (%) Morningstar Rating Candriam Bds Euro High Yield I Acc 1,171.32 EUR 0.02 db x-trackers MSCI Japan (DR) 1C 54.27 USD 0.64 JPM US Select Equity C (acc) USD 308.10 USD 0.38 Jupiter Dynamic Bond I EUR Acc 12.89 EUR 0.08 Jupiter Strategic Bond I Acc 100.55 GBP 0.07 T. Rowe Price Global High Yld Bd Q USD 12.48 USD 0.15 About Author Morningstar Analysts   - HelpGlossaryLicensing OpportunitiesData OpportunitiesCareersContact MorningstarAdvertiseSite Map International sites: Australia Austria Belgium Canada China Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong Iceland India Italy Ireland Japan Korea Latvia Lithuania Malaysia Netherlands New Zealand Norway Portugal Singapore South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand United Kingdom United States     Make this site my homepage © Copyright 2016 Morningstar. All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Cookies The Morningstar Star Rating for Stocks is assigned based on an analyst's estimate of a stocks fair value. It is projection/opinion and not a statement of fact. Morningstar assigns star ratings based on an analyst’s estimate of a stock's fair value. Four components drive the Star Rating: (1) our assessment of the firm’s economic moat, (2) our estimate of the stock’s fair value, (3) our uncertainty around that fair value estimate and (4) the current market price. This process culminates in a single-point star rating that is updated daily. A 5-star represents a belief that the stock is a good value at its current price; a 1-star stock isn't. If our base-case assumptions are true the market price will converge on our fair value estimate over time, generally within three years. Investments in securities are subject to market and other risks. Past performance of a security may or may not be sustained in future and is no indication of future performance. For detail information about the Morningstar Star Rating for Stocks, please visit here Quantitative Fair Value Estimate represents Morningstar’s estimate of the per share dollar amount that a company’s equity is worth today. The Quantitative Fair Value Estimate is based on a statistical model derived from the Fair Value Estimate Morningstar’s equity analysts assign to companies which includes a financial forecast of the company. The Quantitative Fair Value Estimate is calculated daily. It is a projection/opinion and not a statement of fact. Investments in securities are subject to market and other risks. Past performance of a security may or may not be sustained in future and is no indication of future performance. For detail information about the Quantiative Fair Value Estimate, please visit here
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 24 mins S&P 500 2,399.38 +0.09 (+0.00%) Dow 30 21,012.28 +5.34 (+0.03%) Nasdaq 6,102.66 +1.90 (+0.03%) Watch Now Yahoo Finance's complete coverage of Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Shareholders Meeting Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit Reuters May 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share * StanChart and JPMorgan latest banks to detail plans * Goldman Sachs CEO says London growth could stall * 13 major banks now indicated they will move jobs By Anjuli Davies and Andrew MacAskill LONDON, May 8 (Reuters) - The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Last week Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London's growth as a financial centre could "stall" as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS, and Citigroup have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union's single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. "It's full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning," said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. "There's no waiting." Although the moves would represent about 2 percent of London's finance jobs, Britain's tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The Institute for Fiscal Studies - a think tank focused on budget issues - said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population will have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit. The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favour opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. Deutsche Bank said on Apr. 26 up to 4,000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit - the largest potential move of any bank. JPMorgan last week announced plans to move hundreds of roles to three European cities in the next two years. This is still significantly lower than the 4,000 figure JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon first estimated before the vote. Estimates for possible finance-related job losses from Brexit are on a broad range from 4,000 to 232,000, according to separate reports by Oliver Wyman and Ernst & Young. Banks are treading carefully, enacting two-stage contingency plans, to avoid losing nervous London-based staff as they work out how many jobs will have to eventually move. This suggests that the numbers could potentially rise further depending on what deal is eventually negotiated between the EU and Britain. This first phase involves small numbers to make sure the requisite licences, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next will depend on the longer term strategy of a bank's European business. The Bank of England has given finance companies until July 14 to set out their plans. One senior bank executive at a large British bank said forcing companies to make a plan makes it more likely that they will follow through. "It is an unintended consequence, but the more and more preparation you do the more likely you are to execute those plans," the executive said. HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said this week that the bank's previous estimate that around 1000 staff would move to Paris following Britain's vote to leave the EU, was based on a 'hard Brexit' scenario. Most banks are working on the assumption that this is the most likely outcome of the separation talks and would involve losing access to the single market with no special financial services deal and no transition period. (Editing by Anna Willard) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next JAMIE DIMON: There is a 'national catastrophe' and 'we should be ringing the alarm bells' Business Insider Photobomber Strikes Again: Inside George Clooney's Fun Birthday Weekend with Rande Gerber and Cindy Crawford People The Latest: Buhari leaves for London amid health fears Associated Press Olympic Diver Tom Daley Marries Oscar-Winning Screenwriter Dustin Lance Black People Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit Reuters United Airlines apologizes after sending woman to San Francisco instead of Paris Business Insider Sally Yates and Ted Cruz get into heated battle over Trump's immigration ban Business Insider Warren Buffett’s one-word answer for why he hasn’t purchased Amazon shares CNBC Goldman names Lemkau, Nachmann to co-head investment banking Reuters Buffett: 'Everything in valuation gets back to interest rates' Yahoo Finance Video Disney and JOLTS — What you need to know in markets on Tuesday Yahoo Finance How to delete your data from your old devices Yahoo Finance Here's how much Nvidia will make off the Nintendo Switch Yahoo Finance Ancient, giant viruses are being unearthed in Arctic ice that's at risk of melting Business Insider Etihad Airways names temporary replacement for veteran CEO James Hogan Reuters What to Watch in the Markets Tuesday, May 9 Yahoo Finance Video Man, 91, Died Happy After Family Told Him Trump Was Being Impeached: Obituary Matt: He will continue to vote Democrat long after he is dead. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.2k
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Brexit: Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain to mainland Europe 'It's full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning,' said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. 'There's no waiting.' Anjuli Davies, Andrew MacAskill Monday 8 May 2017 13:44 BST Click to follow London's financial district Getty The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape.   Last week Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London.  Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London's growth as a financial center could “stall” as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS, and Citigroup have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union's single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Read more JPMorgan confirms hundreds of UK jobs to move to EU because of Brexit Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. “It's full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning,” said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. “There's no waiting.” Although the moves would represent about 2 per cent of London's finance jobs, Britain's tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services.  The Institute for Fiscal Studies - a think tank focused on budget issues - said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population will have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit.  The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown.  Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favour opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. Read more HSBC profit falls 19% as bank seeks to restore falling revenues Customers hit with combined £300m in 'extortionate' overdraft fees Theresa May says she needs a mandate as big as Macron's for Brexit Brexit is a 'time bomb' and Europe is not 'out of the woods' Deutsche Bank said on 26 April up to 4,000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit - the largest potential move of any bank. JPMorgan last week announced plans to move hundreds of roles to three European cities in the next two years. This is still significantly lower than the 4,000 figure JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon first estimated before the vote.  Estimates for possible finance-related job losses from Brexit are on a broad range from 4,000 to 232,000, according to separate reports by Oliver Wyman and Ernst & Young.  Banks are treading carefully, enacting two-stage contingency plans, to avoid losing nervous London-based staff as they work out how many jobs will have to eventually move. Business picture of the day 27 show all Business picture of the day 1/27 Euro hits a six-month high after Emmanuel Macron’s French presidential victory - Monday 8 May The euro hit a six-month high against the dollar on Monday and US stock futures briefly touched a record high after Emmanuel Macron won the French presidential election, easily beating anti-EU rival Marine le Pen. Reuters 2/27 Princess Charlotte's John Lewis cardigan from birthday photo sells out - Tuesday 2 May A knitted yellow John Lewis cardigan adorned with pictures of sheep has sold out after Princess Charlotte was photographed wearing the item, prompting a surge in demand from British parents wanting to dress their offspring like the young royal. John Lewis confirmed that the clothing item sold out online shortly after the photograph was published, although a coordinating prink dress, selling for £10 on the John Lewis’ website, was still available on Tuesday morning. HRH The Duchess of Cambridge via Getty Images 3/27 Dubai becomes first city in world with own Microsoft font - Monday 1 May Dubai has become the first city in the world to get its own front, the government announced on Sunday. The type face, simply called “Dubai Font”, comes in both Arabic and Latin script and will be available in 23 languages. It was created in partnership with Microsoft and is now available to Microsoft Office 365 users around the world. Getty 4/27 Donald Trump administration loses trade battle over tuna as WTO lets Mexico hit US with sanctions - Wednesday April 26 The US has just lost a major trade battle with Mexico and it revolved around tuna. On Tuesday, the World Trade Organisation ruled that Mexico is allowed to impose $163m (£127m) a year in sanctions against the US on trade in tuna, ending a years-long dispute. The clash, which dates back to 2008, centred on the US insisting that any Mexican tuna sold in the US must have a ‘dolphin safe’ guarantee, meaning that no dolphins were killed by fishermen catching the tuna. Reuters 5/27 Luxury brand LVMH to snap up Christian Dior for £10bn - Tuesday 25 April French billionaire Bernard Arnault moved to consolidate control over Christian Dior for about €12.1bn (£10.3bn), folding the fashion house’s operations into the LVMH luxury empire in one of his biggest transactions. Rex 6/27 Euro and shares rally after Emmanuel Macron wins first voting round of French election - Monday 24 April The euro briefly surged to a five-month high against a basket of currencies late Sunday after centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron won the first round of a hotly contested French election vote, an outcome broadly considered the most market-friendly. Immediately after the vote, the euro surged to $1.0940, its highest level against the dollar since November last year, before retreating to around $1.0869. Reuters 7/27 Barbie out of fashion as Mattel slumps - Friday 21 April Mattel shares took a hit after the world’s largest toy company reported a much worse than expected sales slump dragged down by poor demand for key brands such as Barbie and Fisher-Price. Shares in the company dropped 6 per cent to $23.70 (£18.50) in after-hours trading in New York on Thursday after the toymaker reported a loss of $133.2m or 33 cents per share for the three months to 31 March. Barbie sales, which begun to recover last year after the toymaker introduced new dolls with different body types and skin colours, slipped again with gross sales down 13 per cent compared to a year ago - their second consecutive quarter of decline. AFP/Getty 8/27 Government to sell Green Investment Bank to Macquarie in £2.3bn deal - Thursday 20 April The British Government said on Thursday it would sell Green Investment Bank to a consortium led by Macquarie Bank in a deal worth £2.3bn. The British Government set up GIB, which backs green projects with public funds, in 2012 as a commercial venture to spur private investment in green projects. It has invested more than £2bn in projects such as offshore wind farms and waste management. The Government decided to sell a majority stake in 2015, saying it would give the bank more freedom to borrow, remove state aid restrictions and allow it to attract more capital. AFP/ Getty Images 9/27 Snap election threatens Government plan to finally lower energy bills - Wednesday 19 April Energy customers face further delays from government in dealing with with soaring bills, MPs heard on Wednesday. Business secretary Greg Clark accused companies of “flagrant mistreatment” and “milking” their customers in a “broken” market, but insisted the snap general election announced by Theresa May on Tuesday meant he would “have to reflect on the timing” to lay out his long-awaited plans for a crackdown. Getty/iStockphoto 10/27 Pound sterling surges as Theresa May calls for 8 June general election - Tuesday 18 April The pound surged against the dollar on Tuesday to its highest level since last December after Prime Minister Theresa May said she wanted a general election on 8 June. When Ms May announced she wanted a new national poll, at around 11.05am, the pound instantly jumped, climbing to $1.2765 by the end of trading, up 1.62 per cent on the day and the highest since 13 December. It was also sterling's biggest one day jump since March 2016. 11/27 China's first quarter growth beats expectations - Monday 17 April This aerial photo taken on April 12, 2017 shows farmers working in the fields in Yangzhou, in eastern China's Jiangsu province. ina's growth stabilised in the first quarter thanks to rising investments and a recovery in exports. cording to an AFP survey of 16 economic analysts, the gross domestic product expanded 6.8 percent in the first three months of this year Getty Images 12/27 Rome’s Trevi Fountain generates €1.4m for city’s charities in 2016 - Thursday April 13 Rome’s Trevi Fountain was a veritable cash cow for the Eternal city’s charities in 2016, according to new data. The charity Caritas said this week that tourists tossed €1.4m (£1.2m) into the baroque fountain last year, helping to subsidise a supermarket for Rome’s needy Andreas Solaro/AFP/Getty Images 13/27 Pret and Paul offer discount to customers who bring their own coffee cup - Monday April 10 French bakery group Paul and sandwich chain Pret a Manger will begin offering discounts to customers bringing in their own reusable cups, yielding to pressure from environmental groups concerned about the mountains of cardboard waste generated in the UK each year. 14/27 Doritos, Coco Pops, Peperami among latest products to be hit by shrinkflation - Thursday April 6 Bags of Doritos, packets Peperami and boxes Coco Pops have become the latest treats to shrink in size as retailers passed on surging costs from the Brexit-hit pound and rising commodity prices. 15/27 Cuban family making their own wine brand using condoms - Wednesday April 5 family wine business in Cuba is thriving thanks in part to an unconventional item being added into the fermentation process – condoms. As a result of the US trade embargo and other inefficiencies of Cuba's economy, thousands of basic household items are inaccessible to Cubans meaning that sometimes a little creativity is required to get the job done. At El Canal, a winery in Havana, Orestes Estevez and his family fill glass jugs with grapes, ginger and hibiscus, before securing a condom over each glass jug Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. AP 16/27 'Pink Star' diamond sells for world record £57m in Hong Kong auction - Tuesday April 4 A rare pink diamond dubbed the “Pink Star” has become the world's most expensive gemstone to sell at auction, coming under the hammer in Hong Kong on Tuesday for $71.2m (£57.3m). The oval-cut 59.6 carat jewel, discovered in a mine in Africa by De Beers in 1999, is the largest fancy vivid pink diamond, categorised as “flawless” or “internally flawless”, that the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) has ever graded. It sold after a five-minute bidding war, that started at $56m, to Hong Kong jewellery retailer Chow Tai Fook at Sotheby's. AP 17/27 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 18/27 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 19/27 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 20/27 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 21/27 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 22/27 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 23/27 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 24/27 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 25/27 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 26/27 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 27/27 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty This suggests that the numbers could potentially rise further depending on what deal is eventually negotiated between the EU and Britain.  This first phase involves small numbers to make sure the requisite licences, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next will depend on the longer term strategy of a bank's European business.  The Bank of England has given finance companies until 14 July to set out their plans. One senior bank executive at a large British bank said forcing companies to make a plan makes it more likely that they will follow through. “It is an unintended consequence, but the more and more preparation you do the more likely you are to execute those plans,” the executive said.  HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said this week that the bank's previous estimate that around 1,000 staff would move to Paris following Britain's vote to leave the EU, was based on a 'hard Brexit' scenario.  Most banks are working on the assumption that this is the most likely outcome of the separation talks and would involve losing access to the single market with no special financial services deal and no transition period. Reuters More about: Brexit Banks Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 4,580 Shares of CoreSite Realty Corp (COR) Chevron Co. (CVX) Upgraded at TheStreet Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Downgraded to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Pegasus Partners Ltd. Sells 86,807 Shares of Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Spire Inc (SR) Position Raised by Teachers Advisors LLC HighPoint Advisor Group LLC Has $7.765 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Zebra Technologies Corp. (ZBRA) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Teachers Advisors LLC Acquires 9,267 Shares of Commercial Metals Company (CMC) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Sold by Hendley & Co. Inc. BOK Financial Co. (BOKF) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Strong-Buy Becker Capital Management Inc. Acquires 14,975 Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Carpetright plc’s (CPR) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Miragen Therapeutics, Inc. (MGEN) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Wedbush Teachers Advisors LLC Has $5.045 Million Position in Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. (LECO) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for AMC Networks Inc (AMCX) Boosted by Jefferies Group KeyCorp Comments on Olympic Steel, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (ZEUS) Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for Ball Co. (BLL) Issued By KeyCorp SunTrust Banks Weighs in on Arrow Electronics, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (ARW) Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.90 Per Share, Seaport Global Securities Forecasts JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Sold by Hendley & Co. Inc. May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Hendley & Co. Inc. cut its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 0.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 37,765 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 35 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. makes up about 2.0% of Hendley & Co. Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its 19th largest position. Hendley & Co. Inc.’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $3,259,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. raised its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 2,566 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $221,000 after buying an additional 14 shares in the last quarter. Hayek Kallen Investment Management raised its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.6% in the third quarter. Hayek Kallen Investment Management now owns 3,386 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $225,000 after buying an additional 21 shares in the last quarter. Asset Management Group Inc. raised its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management Group Inc. now owns 3,184 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $275,000 after buying an additional 22 shares in the last quarter. Cypress Wealth Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Cypress Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 9,895 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $854,000 after buying an additional 27 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Hunter Associates Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. Hunter Associates Investment Management LLC now owns 4,351 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $375,000 after buying an additional 29 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 73.65% of the company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 87.00 on Monday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $87.14 and a 200-day moving average price of $83.96. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 52 week low of $57.05 and a 52 week high of $93.98. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a net margin of 23.45% and a return on equity of 10.91%. The firm had revenue of $25.59 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $24.40 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $1.35 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.70 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Sunday, April 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th were issued a dividend of $0.50 per share. This is a boost from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, April 4th. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.30%. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio is presently 31.02%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-shares-sold-by-hendley-co-inc.html. Several research analysts recently issued reports on the company. Vining Sparks raised JPMorgan Chase & Co. to an “outperform” rating and set a $95.00 target price for the company in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Vetr lowered JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $99.01 target price for the company. in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Guggenheim raised JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their target price for the stock from $88.25 to $96.00 in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods raised their target price on JPMorgan Chase & Co. to $47.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, April 17th. Finally, Nomura reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $83.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Monday, April 17th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and twenty-one have given a buy rating to the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $80.21. In other news, Director James S. Crown purchased 11,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 19th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $85.48 per share, for a total transaction of $983,020.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the director now directly owns 299,862 shares in the company, valued at approximately $25,632,203.76. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, General Counsel Stacey Friedman sold 10,792 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.07, for a total transaction of $918,075.44. Following the sale, the general counsel now owns 63,344 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,388,674.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 4,580 Shares of CoreSite Realty Corp (COR) Chevron Co. (CVX) Upgraded at TheStreet Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Downgraded to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Pegasus Partners Ltd. Sells 86,807 Shares of Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Spire Inc (SR) Position Raised by Teachers Advisors LLC HighPoint Advisor Group LLC Has $7.765 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Zebra Technologies Corp. (ZBRA) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Teachers Advisors LLC Acquires 9,267 Shares of Commercial Metals Company (CMC) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Sold by Hendley & Co. Inc. BOK Financial Co. (BOKF) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Strong-Buy Becker Capital Management Inc. Acquires 14,975 Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Carpetright plc’s (CPR) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Miragen Therapeutics, Inc. (MGEN) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Wedbush Teachers Advisors LLC Has $5.045 Million Position in Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. (LECO) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for AMC Networks Inc (AMCX) Boosted by Jefferies Group KeyCorp Comments on Olympic Steel, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (ZEUS) Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for Ball Co. (BLL) Issued By KeyCorp SunTrust Banks Weighs in on Arrow Electronics, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (ARW) Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.90 Per Share, Seaport Global Securities Forecasts HighPoint Advisor Group LLC Has $7.765 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet HighPoint Advisor Group LLC reduced its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 2.4% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 82,965 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 2,037 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. comprises 2.5% of HighPoint Advisor Group LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 5th largest position. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $7,765,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of JPM. Pacific Center for Financial Services bought a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $106,000. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $125,000. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $125,000. Glacier Peak Capital LLC bought a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $129,000. Finally, Tortoise Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 434.9% in the fourth quarter. Tortoise Investment Management LLC now owns 1,578 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 1,283 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 73.65% of the company’s stock. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 87.00 on Monday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a one year low of $57.05 and a one year high of $93.98. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $87.14 and its 200-day moving average price is $83.96. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The company earned $25.59 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24.40 billion. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.35 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.70 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Sunday, April 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th were paid a dividend of $0.50 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, April 4th. This is an increase from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.30%. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 31.02%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “HighPoint Advisor Group LLC Has $7.765 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM)” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/highpoint-advisor-group-llc-has-7-765-million-position-in-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm.html. Several brokerages have commented on JPM. Vetr lowered shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $99.01 target price on the stock. in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Guggenheim upgraded shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their price objective for the stock from $88.25 to $96.00 in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Vining Sparks upgraded shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. to an “outperform” rating and set a $95.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Sandler O’Neill reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Nomura reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $80.00 price objective on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and twenty-one have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $80.21. In other news, General Counsel Stacey Friedman sold 10,792 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.07, for a total transaction of $918,075.44. Following the completion of the sale, the general counsel now directly owns 63,344 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,388,674.08. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director James S. Crown purchased 11,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 19th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $85.48 per share, with a total value of $983,020.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now directly owns 299,862 shares in the company, valued at $25,632,203.76. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 0.85% of the stock is owned by company insiders. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Kingfisher plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kingfisher plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hurricane Energy PLC (HUR) Given Buy Rating at FinnCap Smith & Nephew plc (SN) Given New GBX 1,280 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Innogy SE (IGY) a €36.50 Price Target Kingfisher plc (KGF) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Essilor International SA (EI) PT Set at €130.00 by Credit Suisse Group AG Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Vital Therapies Inc (VTL) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.00 Per Share Hudson Technologies, Inc. to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.14 Per Share, B. Riley Forecasts (HDSN) Humana Inc (HUM) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $3.29 Per Share Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc Increased by Wedbush (ICPT) FBR & Co Increases Sunstone Hotel Investors Inc (SHO) Price Target to $16.00 KEYW Holding Corp. Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.01) Per Share (KEYW) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Universal Logistics Holdings Inc (ULH) to “Hold” West Corp (WSTC) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday JPMorgan Chase & Co. Trims Vedanta Resources plc (VED) Target Price to GBX 700 Weatherly International plc’s (WTI) “Speculative Buy” Rating Reiterated at RFC Ambrian Severn Trent Plc (SVT) PT Raised to GBX 2,400 Numis Securities Ltd Reaffirms Add Rating for St. James's Place plc (STJ) Secure Trust Bank Plc (STB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital Kingfisher plc (KGF) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Kingfisher plc (LON:KGF)‘s stock had its “underweight” rating reissued by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a note issued to investors on Monday. They currently have a GBX 288 ($3.72) price target on the home improvement retailer’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective would indicate a potential downside of 14.64% from the stock’s current price. A number of other equities research analysts also recently issued reports on the company. HSBC Holdings plc reissued a “hold” rating and set a GBX 380 ($4.91) price target on shares of Kingfisher plc in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Haitong Bank reaffirmed a “sell” rating and issued a GBX 275 ($3.55) target price on shares of Kingfisher plc in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Numis Securities Ltd raised Kingfisher plc to a “hold” rating and set a GBX 325 ($4.20) target price for the company in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 430 ($5.55) target price on shares of Kingfisher plc in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Finally, Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a “sell” rating on shares of Kingfisher plc in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Nine equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 326.79 ($4.22). Kingfisher plc (LON:KGF) opened at 337.40 on Monday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 330.15 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 341.91. Kingfisher plc has a one year low of GBX 269.60 and a one year high of GBX 390.60. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 19th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 4th will be issued a GBX 7.15 ($0.09) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 4th. This represents a yield of 2.18%. This is an increase from Kingfisher plc’s previous dividend of $3.25. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Kingfisher plc (KGF) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/kingfisher-plc-kgf-rating-reiterated-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Kingfisher plc Kingfisher plc is engaged in the supply of home improvement products and services through a network of retail stores and other channels, located mainly in the United Kingdom and continental Europe. The Company’s segments include France, UK & Ireland, and Other International. The Other International segment consists of Poland, Spain, Portugal, Germany, Russia, Romania and the joint venture Koctas Yapi Marketleri Ticaret A.S. Receive News & Ratings for Kingfisher plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kingfisher plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Smith & Nephew plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smith & Nephew plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hurricane Energy PLC (HUR) Given Buy Rating at FinnCap Smith & Nephew plc (SN) Given New GBX 1,280 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Innogy SE (IGY) a €36.50 Price Target Kingfisher plc (KGF) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Essilor International SA (EI) PT Set at €130.00 by Credit Suisse Group AG Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Vital Therapies Inc (VTL) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.00 Per Share Hudson Technologies, Inc. to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.14 Per Share, B. Riley Forecasts (HDSN) Humana Inc (HUM) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $3.29 Per Share Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc Increased by Wedbush (ICPT) FBR & Co Increases Sunstone Hotel Investors Inc (SHO) Price Target to $16.00 KEYW Holding Corp. Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.01) Per Share (KEYW) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Universal Logistics Holdings Inc (ULH) to “Hold” West Corp (WSTC) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday JPMorgan Chase & Co. Trims Vedanta Resources plc (VED) Target Price to GBX 700 Weatherly International plc’s (WTI) “Speculative Buy” Rating Reiterated at RFC Ambrian Severn Trent Plc (SVT) PT Raised to GBX 2,400 Numis Securities Ltd Reaffirms Add Rating for St. James's Place plc (STJ) Secure Trust Bank Plc (STB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital Smith & Nephew plc (SN) Given New GBX 1,280 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Smith & Nephew plc (LON:SN) had its price target decreased by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 1,345 ($17.37) to GBX 1,280 ($16.53) in a research note issued to investors on Monday. The brokerage currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s target price suggests a potential downside of 1.99% from the company’s previous close. A number of other analysts also recently issued reports on SN. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed an “overweight” rating on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Berenberg Bank reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a GBX 1,340 ($17.30) price target on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a GBX 1,150 ($14.85) price target on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a report on Monday, February 6th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 1,190 ($15.36) price target on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd reaffirmed an “add” rating and set a GBX 1,350 ($17.43) price target on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Ten equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Smith & Nephew plc currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 1,278.75 ($16.51). Shares of Smith & Nephew plc (LON:SN) opened at 1306.00 on Monday. Smith & Nephew plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,064.91 and a 12 month high of GBX 1,334.00. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 1,247.43 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 1,197.84. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Smith & Nephew plc (SN) Given New GBX 1,280 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/smith-nephew-plc-sn-given-new-gbx-1280-price-target-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other news, insider Olivier Bohuon sold 8,031 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,222 ($15.78), for a total value of £98,138.82 ($126,712.49). Smith & Nephew plc Company Profile Smith & Nephew plc is a medical technology company. The Company is engaged in developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling medical devices and services. Its products and services include Sports Medicine Joint Repair, Arthroscopic Enabling Technologies (AET), Trauma & Extremities, Other Surgical Businesses, Knee Implants, Hip Implants, Advanced Wound Care, Advanced Wound Bioactives and Advanced Wound Devices. Receive News & Ratings for Smith & Nephew plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smith & Nephew plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe JPMorgan Tells Banks to Partner Up as U.S. Deposit Drain Looms by Matthew Monks @MattMonks123 More stories by Matthew Monks May 8, 2017, 7:38 PM EDT Crunch may be felt this December as Fed’s policy reverses Midsize-bank deals already underway in quest for deposits JPMorgan Chase & Co. has some advice for regional banks: A deposit drain is coming, so merge while you can. The company’s investment bankers are warning depository clients that they may begin feeling the crunch in December, thanks to a byproduct of how the U.S. Federal Reserve propped up the economy after the financial crisis, according to a copy of a confidential presentation obtained by Bloomberg News and confirmed by a JPMorgan spokesman. JPMorgan argues that some midsize U.S. banks -- those with $50 billion in assets or less -- could face a funding problem in coming years as the Fed goes about shrinking its massive balance sheet, according to the 19-page report the New York-based bank has begun sharing with clients. The Fed’s bond-buying spree from 2009 to 2014, dubbed quantitative easing, inadvertently left the industry flush with deposits. Investors took money they got selling mortgage-backed bonds and Treasury securities to the Fed and parked it in U.S. retail and commercial bank accounts. This created some $2.5 trillion in excess bank deposits, according to JPMorgan. It estimates that 60 percent, or $1.5 trillion, of that money will trickle out of banks in the next four to five years if the Fed follows through with recent guidance and begins reversing quantitative easing in December. The Fed is currently holding about $4.5 trillion of securities. The way it will get rid of them is by letting them mature and not buying new ones. Deposit ‘Destroyed’ JPMorgan’s presentation, titled "Core Deposits Strike Back" illustrates how this process will sap bank deposits using the example of a couple who pays off a mortgage that was bundled with other mortgages and sold to the Fed. Right now, when that couple takes that money out of their bank account for that payment, the Fed uses that cash to buy another mortgage bond, recycling it back into the banking system. A "deposit is destroyed" if the "Fed does not reinvest," the presentation states. JPMorgan estimates that a quantitative easing-related deposit-drain could result in loan growth lagging deposit growth by $200 billion to $300 billion a year. That could be particularly problematic for banks that rely on deposit products that tend to roll over swiftly, such as brokered accounts bought from third parties, large commercial banking accounts and high-interest savings accounts for wealthy customers. Retail Dash It may also set off a dash for retail deposits, a classification that includes bread-and-butter checking accounts, which banks love because they are especially cheap and stable. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Midsize banks will have an especially hard time growing retail deposits by ramping up advertising and investing in branches, according to JPMorgan’s presentation. That’s because they lack the marketing muscle of mega banks such as JPMorgan itself, as well as Wells Fargo & Co., Citigroup Inc., and Bank of America Corp. JPMorgan, like some other banks, offers depositors cash incentives for opening new checking and savings accounts with five-figure balances. About 42 percent, or $1.6 trillion, of the new deposits that U.S. banks have amassed since late 2009 have gone to lenders with at least $1 trillion in assets, according to data JPMorgan compiled from regulatory filings and SNL Financial. “Large banks are making sizable investments in brand, customer acquisition and technology leading to market share gains,” according to the report. Since big banks have the wherewithal to hold onto those gains, smaller ones may have to consider selling or buying rivals to bulk up on retail deposits, JPMorgan argues. Consolidation Driver “The need for retail deposits to fund loan growth, the challenge of organically originating new relationships and the scale required to support technology and brand investments will drive consolidation,” the report states. A looming push for retail customers may already be spurring dealmaking, JPMorgan says, noting that a handful of bank mergers have involved targets with heavy concentrations of deposits purchased from brokers or acquired through listing services such as QwickRate, both of which are more expensive funding sources than retail accounts. The examples include BNC Bancorp’s $2 billion sale to Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. and PrivateBancorp Inc.’s roughly $5 billion agreement to sell to Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce. The median for deposits in the form of brokered and listing-service accounts for U.S. banks with at lease $1 billion in assets was 2.5 percent at the end of 2016, according to data from SNL Financial. Those types of funds accounted for more than 20 percent of deposits at BNC Bancorp and PrivateBancorp, according to regulatory filings. BNC Bancorp Deposit needs factored into both banks decision’ to seek a partner. Selling to Pinnacle is “an excellent opportunity to really drive some really, serious, dynamic deposit growth to fund this machine over the next several years,” BNC Bancorp Chief Executive Officer Richard Callicutt said in a conference call with analysts in January. PrivateBancorp urged investors to vote in favor of its deal with CIBC in a shareholder presentation last month to help “address standalone funding constraints” by giving it access to a large retail deposit base. Selling to CIBC will help PrivateBancorp when interest rates rise, Terry McEvoy, a Stephens Inc. bank analyst, said Monday in a research note to clients. “We have long felt the company needed to improve their funding base to support loan growth,” McEvoy said in the note. “To do so on a standalone basis would be expensive and difficult.” Proxy firm Institutional Shareholders Services Inc. has advised PrivateBancorp stockholders to reject the deal because it undervalues the Chicago-based lender. A shareholder vote is schedule for Friday. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read The Long, Hard, Unprecedented Fall of Sears Buffett Confronts Search for Next Big Thing After Missed Chances Sinclair Buys Tribune in $3.9 Billion Deal, Creating TV Goliath The Kushner Project Touted in China Is in Trouble at Home Chinese Tycoons Plant Money Management Flags on Wall Street Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Black Knight Financial Services, Inc. Announces Secondary Common Stock Offering /EIN News/ — JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 08, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Black Knight Financial Services, Inc. (NYSE:BKFS), (the “Company” or “Black Knight”) announced today that affiliates of Thomas H. Lee Partners, L.P. (the “Selling Stockholders”), intend to offer for sale in an underwritten secondary offering of 5,000,000 shares of the Class A common stock of the Company, pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The Selling Stockholders in the offering have granted the underwriter an option to purchase up to 750,000 additional shares. The Selling Stockholders will receive all of the proceeds from this offering. No shares are being sold by management or the Company.  J.P. Morgan Securities LLC will act as the sole underwriter for the offering. An automatic shelf registration statement (including a prospectus) relating to the offering of the Class A common stock was filed with the SEC on May 8, 2016, and became effective upon filing. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus included in that registration statement, the preliminary prospectus supplement and other documents the Company has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the Company and this offering. You may obtain these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, copies of the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering, when available, may be obtained from: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or telephone: 1-866-803-9204. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities nor will there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. About Black Knight Financial Services, Inc. Black Knight Financial Services, Inc. (NYSE:BKFS) is a leading provider of integrated technology, data and analytics solutions that facilitate and automate many of the business processes across the mortgage lifecycle. Black Knight is committed to being a premier business partner that lenders and servicers rely on to achieve their strategic goals, realize greater success and better serve their customers by delivering best-in-class technology, services and insight with a relentless commitment to excellence, innovation, integrity and leadership. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements regarding expectations, hopes, intentions or strategies regarding the future are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on Black Knight management’s beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to them. Because such statements are based on expectations as to future financial and operating results and are not statements of fact, actual results may differ materially from those projected. Black Knight undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The risks and uncertainties that forward-looking statements are subject to include, but are not limited to: Black Knight’s ability to successfully achieve the conditions to and consummate the tax-free spin-off of Black Knight from FNF; security breaches against the Company’s information systems; the Company’s ability to maintain and grow its relationships with its customers; changes to the laws, rules and regulations that impact Black Knight’s and its customers’ businesses; the Company’s ability to adapt its services to changes in technology or the marketplace; the impact of any potential defects, development delays, installation difficulties or system failures on the Company’s business and reputation; changes in general economic, business, regulatory and political conditions, particularly as they affect the mortgage industry; risks associated with the availability of data; the effects of the Company’s substantial leverage on its ability to make acquisitions and invest in its business; risks associated with the Company’s structure and status as a “controlled company;” the Company’s ability to successfully integrate strategic acquisitions; and other risks and uncertainties detailed in the “Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information,” “Risk Factors” and other sections of Black Knight’s Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Information for Investors:   Information for Media:       Kirk Larsen   Michelle Kersch Black Knight Financial Services, Inc.   Black Knight Financial Services, Inc. 904.527.4470   904.854.5043 kirk.larsen@bkfs.com   michelle.kersch@bkfs.com   CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Il gruppo James Pascoe passa a Rimini Street per l’assistenza per le sue applicazioni SAP per otto marche di vendita al dettaglio Next PostNext Nuo Therapeutics Obtains Stockholder Consent to Reverse Split Search Recent Posts KUWAITNET Increases Customer Retention with Avaya Sales Market Analysis: Europe Agrigenomics Market Report 2017 Proteins in Oncology Market: Business Challenges, Emerging Technologies & Competitive Landscape Francois Fressinier – Exclusive Exhibition at Martin Lawrence Gallery Dallas 2017 North America IC Card Management System Market to Witness a Pronounce Growth by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HC2 Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HC2 Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Raises Stake in Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Exactech, Inc. (EXAC) Stake Held by Teton Advisors Inc. MSG Networks Inc (MSGN) Shares Sold by Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Decreases Position in IDEX Co. (IEX) Teton Advisors Inc. Raises Position in Modine Manufacturing Co. (MOD) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Has $180.537 Million Position in National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Position Maintained by Teton Advisors Inc. Gabelli Funds LLC Boosts Position in CNH Industrial NV (CNHI) Gabelli Funds LLC Sells 23,000 Shares of Dana Inc (DAN) Teton Advisors Inc. Has $5,208,000 Stake in Internap Corp (INAP) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Lowers Position in Myers Industries, Inc. (MYE) Teton Advisors Inc. Continues to Hold Position in SJW Group (SJW) Teton Advisors Inc. Has $4,428,000 Stake in HC2 Holdings Inc (HCHC) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Lowers Position in Post Holdings Inc (POST) PetroChina Company Limited (PTR) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Party City Holdco (PRTY) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.31 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact QEP Resources (QEP) Share Price Pimco CA Muni. Income Fund III (PZC) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Radware (RDWR) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.27 Insider Buying: Triumph Gold Corp (TIG) Director Acquires 49,000 Shares of Stock Teton Advisors Inc. Has $4,428,000 Stake in HC2 Holdings Inc (HCHC) May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Teton Advisors Inc. continued to hold its position in HC2 Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:HCHC) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 714,117 shares of the technology company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Teton Advisors Inc. owned 1.70% of HC2 Holdings worth $4,428,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Whalerock Point Partners LLC purchased a new position in HC2 Holdings during the third quarter valued at about $5,887,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in HC2 Holdings by 396,958.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 861,617 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $4,696,000 after buying an additional 861,400 shares during the last quarter. Wingspan Investment Management LP raised its position in HC2 Holdings by 54.2% in the third quarter. Wingspan Investment Management LP now owns 2,255,239 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $12,291,000 after buying an additional 792,700 shares during the last quarter. Menta Capital LLC raised its position in HC2 Holdings by 92.9% in the fourth quarter. Menta Capital LLC now owns 473,666 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $2,809,000 after buying an additional 228,106 shares during the last quarter. Finally, B. Riley Financial Inc. raised its position in HC2 Holdings by 44.6% in the third quarter. B. Riley Financial Inc. now owns 564,359 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $3,075,000 after buying an additional 174,135 shares during the last quarter. Shares of HC2 Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:HCHC) traded down 0.36% during trading on Monday, hitting $5.46. 159,473 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm’s market cap is $228.99 million. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $5.96 and a 200 day moving average price of $5.64. HC2 Holdings Inc has a 12 month low of $3.80 and a 12 month high of $7.27. HC2 Holdings (NASDAQ:HCHC) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, March 8th. The technology company reported ($0.37) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.12) by $0.25. The firm had revenue of $454.01 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $395.16 million. Analysts anticipate that HC2 Holdings Inc will post ($0.68) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Teton Advisors Inc. Has $4,428,000 Stake in HC2 Holdings Inc (HCHC)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/teton-advisors-inc-has-4428000-stake-in-hc2-holdings-inc-hchc.html. Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of HC2 Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $9.00 price objective on shares of HC2 Holdings in a report on Sunday, March 12th. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HCHC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for HC2 Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:HCHC). Receive News & Ratings for HC2 Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HC2 Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships Activism Big Corporations Are Openly Backing Trump's Hate Agenda—Let's Boycott Them Americans can vote with their dollars to defend immigrants' rights every day. By Ilana Novick / AlterNet May 8, 2017 Print Comments May Day protest in New York City, 2017. Photo Credit: Ilana Novick "You must pick a side," Deborah Axt said of corporate America on a recent press call. "Either you stand with our communities or with hate." Axt, who is the co-executive director of immigration advocacy organization Make The Road New York, was launching Corporate Backers of Hate, a new campaign from Make The Road New York and the Center for Popular Democracy in collaboration with a coalition of other immigrant and labor advocacy organizations. The new campaign targets nine companies—JP Morgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs, IBM, Disney, Boeing, BlackRock, Uber, and Blackstone—that are close to the Trump administration and have a financial stake in his most abusive policies, particularly immigrant detention and attacks on workers' rights.  The campaign began with a website, where visitors can learn about the nine companies' labor practices and violations and their connections to private prisons and immigrant detention centers. Armed with that information, people can use the site to contact the companies and encourage them to withdraw their investments and refrain from bidding on the opportunity to participate in Trump's border wall construction. There will also be a social media strategy and an upcoming campaign to encourage cities and states to limit business dealings with the nine companies.  The site also has a calendar with opportunities to join upcoming direct actions at the companies' offices across the country, to further remind them that, as Ana Maria Archila, co-executive director of Center for Popular Democracy noted, "you are on notice... Trump's agenda is not just ideological, but economic. We want to make sure the public understands."  The organizers hope to make Americans aware of just how connected these companies are to the larger anti-immigration agenda, and just how easily one's hard-earned money can inadvertently go to corporations whose business practices hurt the most vulnerable. The Corporate Backers of Hate site clearly lays out the connections, making it much easier for consumers to fight back. Many Americans will have to wait until 2018 until they can vote for elected officials, but until then, they can vote with their dollars.  Axt explained that the success of these policies "depends heavily on how much collaboration [Trump] receives from companies willing to finance it." Taking inspiration from the success of the anti-Dakota Access Pipeline campaign, which convinced cities including Seattle to divest from companies that supported the project, Corporate Backers of Hate wants to expand public outcry against Trump to include the companies that make his agenda possible. As Matt Nelson, executive director of Presente, explains, now is the best time to extend the momentum of campaigns like GrabYourWallet, which helps consumers boycott Trump products: "Companies are at an all-time high of vulnerability to public pressures... this campaign marks a new phase of corporate accountability." After all, he notes, "Millions of people are taking daily action, demanding companies be very clear in not siding with Trump.  For example, JP Morgan Chase donated $500,000 to Trump's inaugural committee. Along with Wells Fargo, the two are among the largest financiers of America's largest private prison companies, the GEO Group and CoreCivic. BlackRock has an 11 percent stake in CoreCivic and a 12 percent stake in the GEO Group. Manuel A., a member of Make The Road New York, told reporters about escaping gang violence in El Salvador, only to come to America and face a two-month stay in a CoreCivic Facility inmates called the Ice Box, because it was kept so cold. Manuel said, "I felt like a criminal... did not have my freedom, could not see my family. [Prison staff] blocked my calls and I had to work inside [the] detention center and was paid $1 a day... That's not enough to pay a lawyer."  The direct actions began May 1, when 12 immigration advocates were arrested outside of JP Morgan's New York City headquarters. Those arrested included Center for Popular Democracy's Ana Maria Archila. The protesters carried signs saying "Our Profit, Our Pain” and chanted, “¡Chase, escucha, estamos en la lucha!” ("Chase, listen, we’re in the struggle!"). According to the organizers, this is the beginning of a nationwide series of direct actions, social media campaigns, and eventually, boycotts. All of the organizers acknowledged that in order to convince the companies to divest from private prisons and the looming border wall, it's not enough to appeal to their morals; one has to appeal to their bottom line. Just as Fox News fired Roger Ailes and Bill O'Reilly because they feared losing advertisers, the nine companies must be convinced that their profits will tank in order for the campaigns to make a difference. As Sulma Arias, immigration field director of Fair Immigration Reform Movement, says, "Every place they face the public, they will be held accountable. They should feel their brand is vulnerable any place they interact with the public." Ilana Novick is an AlterNet contributing writer and production editor.         Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg Kellyanne Conway's Response to Concerns that People Will Die Under the New Healthcare Bill: Insult Poor People David Edwards / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 05/07/2017 - 09:21 50 Preexisting Conditions That Can Make You Lose Your Insurance If Trump and GOP Have Their Way Kali Holloway / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sat, 05/06/2017 - 10:27 Ivanka Trump Is Clueless About the Way the World Works and Has Shared It with the World in Her New Book Erin Keane / Salon Displayed Publishing Date: Sat, 05/06/2017 - 13:29 CNN's Top Legal Analyst: Trump's Tweet-Threat of Sally Yates Was 'Unprecedented' and 'Disturbing' Brad Reed / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 05/08/2017 - 11:09 These Are the Best Sources of Protein for Vegetarians and Vegans Jennifer Gueringer / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 05/07/2017 - 23:30 SNL Nails How Men Would Really React in 'The Handmaid's Tale' Jenny Pierson / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 05/07/2017 - 06:48 Feds Are Likely Trying to 'Flip' Trump Officials to Testify Against White House Higher-Ups, Says Ex-CIA Officer Tom Boggioni / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Sat, 05/06/2017 - 07:57 Stephen Colbert to be Investigated by FCC after 'Offensive' Trump Joke Guardian Staff / The Guardian Displayed Publishing Date: Sat, 05/06/2017 - 08:07 Here Are 24 of the Biggest Issues Facing the Country—And the DC Elites and Media Don't Bother Addressing Them Andrew J. Bacevich / TomDispatch Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 05/07/2017 - 08:50 If Trumpcare Ends Up Happening, Up to 7 Million Veterans Could See Their Health Care Ruined Michael Hayne / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sat, 05/06/2017 - 08:31 Today's Top Stories News & Politics Paul Krugman: Under Trumpcare, Millions Will Lose Coverage, Many Will Die—and the GOP Will Try to Blame It on Liberals News & Politics CNN's Top Legal Analyst: Trump's Tweet-Threat of Sally Yates Was 'Unprecedented' and 'Disturbing' News & Politics Robert Reich: With Macron's Election, France Dodged a Fascist Bullet News & Politics John Oliver Destroys House Republicans Over Trumpcare Vote The Right Wing Here Are 24 of the Biggest Issues Facing the Country—And the DC Elites and Media Don't Bother Addressing Them News & Politics Democratic Senator Kicks Off Yates Hearing With Chilling Trump/Nixon Analogy Culture Did You Catch This Hidden Theme in 'The Handmaid's Tale'? Education 11 Ways Chicago Is the Beating Heart of the Disastrous Charter School Agenda Books White Racism in America's Police Departments Is So Much Worse Than Most Americans Understand Media Democrats Have Already Turned the House Vote on Trumpcare into a Devastating New Attack Ad The Right Wing Whether Trump Is a Fascist or Just a Clown, He's a Threat to Our Democracy All the Same Personal Health Why the Marquis de Sade Would Tip His Hat to the Cruelty Baked into the Republican Health Care Bill News & Politics A Weekend of Frantic Spin: Republicans Ramp up the Blatant Lying After Their Trumpcare Victory Activism There's a Protest Battle Brewing in New Orleans Over the Removal of Confederate Monuments Culture Red-State Blue-State Divide Is Showing Up in Tourism: Stereotypes Are Keeping Liberals from Alabama Beaches News & Politics Noam Chomsky: Why Trump Is Likely to Care Less About Palestinians Than Any Other President to Precede Him The Right Wing 'Older People Are Going to Be Paying Five Times More’: Now Even Fox News' Chris Wallace Is Smacking Down Trump Team on Health Care World Macron Wins French Presidency By Decisive Margin Over Le Pen News & Politics Bernie Sanders: The Entire World Has Failed Its Moral Obligations to Refugees Environment Can Anyone Cook Up a Worse Idea for UN Climate Talks Than Giving the Fossil Industry a Front Seat? News & Politics Trump Voters Tell 60 Minutes They Were Sad to See a Friend of Theirs Deported: 'It Just Feels Wrong' Food Is It Safe to Use Aluminum Foil in Cooking? FARK HEADLINES News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals One Email Doesn't Harm the Environment—But Humanity Sends 200 Billion a Day Millennials Spend More on Coffee Than on Retirement Savings—and Now They Can Get Their Caffeine Boost in a Chewable Cube How Big Pharma Is Making Huge Profits From Torturing and Killing Horses ◀ Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Subscribe Login
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance United Fire Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for United Fire Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News World Asset Management Inc Boosts Position in Koninklijke Philips NV (PHG) Altra Industrial Motion Corp (AIMC) Position Lowered by Connable Office Inc. Trust Co. of Virginia VA Takes Position in Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) World Asset Management Inc Has $1.658 Million Position in Korea Electric Power Co. (KEP) Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Position Maintained by Staley Capital Advisers Inc. Masonite International Corp (DOOR) Stake Held by Connable Office Inc. Morse Asset Management Inc Buys New Stake in Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) World Asset Management Inc Has $1.923 Million Stake in Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) Connable Office Inc. Has $295,000 Position in Cabot Corp (CBT) Connable Office Inc. Has $284,000 Stake in United Fire Group, Inc. (UFCS) World Asset Management Inc Acquires 1,765 Shares of Manulife Financial Co. (MFC) West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. (WST) Stake Decreased by Connable Office Inc. World Asset Management Inc Acquires 2,045 Shares of Infosys Ltd (INFY) Manchester United PLC (MANU) Stake Held by Connable Office Inc. HD Supply Holdings Inc (HDS) Shares Sold by Connable Office Inc. Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Receives GBX 1,604.53 Average Target Price from Brokerages RPM International Inc. (RPM) Receives $59.25 Average Target Price from Analysts US Foods Holding Corp (USFD) Receives $28.61 Average Price Target from Brokerages Kosmos Energy Ltd (KOS) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Gildan Activewear (GIL) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Study Finds Connable Office Inc. Has $284,000 Stake in United Fire Group, Inc. (UFCS) May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Connable Office Inc. maintained its position in shares of United Fire Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:UFCS) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 6,639 shares of the insurance provider’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Connable Office Inc.’s holdings in United Fire Group were worth $284,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Capital One National Association increased its position in shares of United Fire Group by 2.0% in the third quarter. Capital One National Association now owns 16,838 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $713,000 after buying an additional 325 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of United Fire Group by 5.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 82,996 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $3,512,000 after buying an additional 4,609 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC increased its position in shares of United Fire Group by 1.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 99,704 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $4,219,000 after buying an additional 980 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. increased its position in shares of United Fire Group by 3.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 6,196 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $262,000 after buying an additional 202 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of United Fire Group by 10.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,518,486 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $64,262,000 after buying an additional 147,567 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 60.23% of the company’s stock. Shares of United Fire Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:UFCS) traded up 0.47% during trading on Monday, reaching $42.91. 71,368 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. United Fire Group, Inc. has a 52 week low of $37.54 and a 52 week high of $50.75. The company’s 50-day moving average is $42.92 and its 200 day moving average is $44.58. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.08 billion, a PE ratio of 23.53 and a beta of 0.40. United Fire Group (NASDAQ:UFCS) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The insurance provider reported $0.67 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.83 by $0.16. United Fire Group had a net margin of 6.19% and a return on equity of 6.95%. The company had revenue of $279.11 million for the quarter. On average, analysts forecast that United Fire Group, Inc. will post $1.88 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Connable Office Inc. Has $284,000 Stake in United Fire Group, Inc. (UFCS)” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/connable-office-inc-has-284000-stake-in-united-fire-group-inc-ufcs.html. Separately, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “market perform” rating and set a $44.00 price objective on shares of United Fire Group in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. About United Fire Group United Fire Group, Inc, formerly United Fire & Casualty Company, is engaged in the business of writing property and casualty insurance and life insurance and selling annuities. The Company operates in two segments: property and casualty insurance, and life insurance. The Company’s property and casualty insurance segment consists of commercial lines insurance, including surety bonds, personal lines insurance and assumed insurance. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UFCS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for United Fire Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:UFCS). Receive News & Ratings for United Fire Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for United Fire Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fibria Celulose SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fibria Celulose SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Asset Management Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $24.723 Million Stake in Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc (PTLA) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Raises Stake in athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $26.123 Million Position in TIM Participacoes SA (TSU) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $27.215 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Maintains Position in Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Buys 112,062 Shares of Solaredge Technologies Inc (SEDG) TESARO Inc (TSRO) Position Cut by Handelsbanken Fonder AB Handelsbanken Fonder AB Purchases 21,496 Shares of First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Continues to Hold Position in Aramark (ARMK) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Acquires New Position in Weibo Corp (WB) Fibria Celulose SA (FBR) Stake Cut by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Handelsbanken Fonder AB Purchases New Position in Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Takes Position in Momo Inc (MOMO) Wayfair Inc (W) Insider Sells $73,125.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Vereit Inc (VER) Insider Buys 10,000 Shares of Stock Arnold Klassen Purchases 10,000 Shares of Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd (KL) Stock Talen Energy Corp (TLN) Debt Trading 1.3% Higher Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Hope Bancorp Inc (HOPE) to Announce $0.33 Earnings Per Share Analysts Anticipate Plug Power Inc (PLUG) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.07 Per Share Fibria Celulose SA (FBR) Stake Cut by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Pictet Asset Management Ltd. decreased its stake in Fibria Celulose SA (NYSE:FBR) by 34.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 3,062,887 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after selling 1,640,586 shares during the period. Pictet Asset Management Ltd. owned about 0.55% of Fibria Celulose SA worth $27,995,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH purchased a new position in Fibria Celulose SA during the third quarter valued at approximately $327,000. Capital Fund Management S.A. raised its position in Fibria Celulose SA by 86.2% in the third quarter. Capital Fund Management S.A. now owns 138,248 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $977,000 after buying an additional 63,994 shares during the last quarter. First Trust Advisors LP raised its position in Fibria Celulose SA by 90.5% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 22,939 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $162,000 after buying an additional 10,896 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Fibria Celulose SA by 234.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 96,255 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $679,000 after buying an additional 67,485 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Grace & White Inc. NY raised its position in Fibria Celulose SA by 26.8% in the third quarter. Grace & White Inc. NY now owns 714,831 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $5,054,000 after buying an additional 151,050 shares during the last quarter. 6.31% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Fibria Celulose SA (NYSE:FBR) traded up 0.22% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $9.11. The stock had a trading volume of 1,067,030 shares. The company has a market cap of $5.04 billion, a PE ratio of 15.98 and a beta of 0.46. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $9.09 and its 200 day moving average price is $8.94. Fibria Celulose SA has a one year low of $5.79 and a one year high of $10.24. Fibria Celulose SA (NYSE:FBR) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The basic materials company reported $0.19 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.27 by $0.08. Fibria Celulose SA had a return on equity of 9.28% and a net margin of 15.97%. The firm had revenue of $663.26 million for the quarter. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Fibria Celulose SA will post $0.17 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared an annual dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be given a $0.204 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 10th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Fibria Celulose SA (FBR) Stake Cut by Pictet Asset Management Ltd.” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/fibria-celulose-sa-fbr-stake-cut-by-pictet-asset-management-ltd.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Fibria Celulose SA from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $11.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Fibria Celulose SA Company Profile Fibria Celulose SA (Fibria) is a forestry company, which is engaged in the production of eucalyptus pulp. The Company is engaged in the production and sale of short fiber pulp from its pulp production facilities located in the cities of Aracruz (State of Espirito Santo), Tres Lagoas (State of Mato Grosso do Sul), Jacarei (State of Sao Paulo) and Eunapolis (State of Bahia). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FBR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Fibria Celulose SA (NYSE:FBR). Receive News & Ratings for Fibria Celulose SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fibria Celulose SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Asset Management Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $24.723 Million Stake in Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc (PTLA) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Raises Stake in athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $26.123 Million Position in TIM Participacoes SA (TSU) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $27.215 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Maintains Position in Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Buys 112,062 Shares of Solaredge Technologies Inc (SEDG) TESARO Inc (TSRO) Position Cut by Handelsbanken Fonder AB Handelsbanken Fonder AB Purchases 21,496 Shares of First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Continues to Hold Position in Aramark (ARMK) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Acquires New Position in Weibo Corp (WB) Fibria Celulose SA (FBR) Stake Cut by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Handelsbanken Fonder AB Purchases New Position in Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Takes Position in Momo Inc (MOMO) Wayfair Inc (W) Insider Sells $73,125.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Vereit Inc (VER) Insider Buys 10,000 Shares of Stock Arnold Klassen Purchases 10,000 Shares of Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd (KL) Stock Talen Energy Corp (TLN) Debt Trading 1.3% Higher Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Hope Bancorp Inc (HOPE) to Announce $0.33 Earnings Per Share Analysts Anticipate Plug Power Inc (PLUG) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.07 Per Share Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Maintains Position in Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM) May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Pictet Asset Management Ltd. maintained its stake in Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (NYSE:BFAM) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 383,029 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Pictet Asset Management Ltd. owned about 0.64% of Bright Horizons Family Solutions worth $27,766,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in BFAM. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions by 8.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,130,104 shares of the company’s stock worth $75,593,000 after buying an additional 84,679 shares during the period. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank raised its stake in shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions by 142.0% in the third quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 231,686 shares of the company’s stock worth $15,497,000 after buying an additional 135,962 shares during the period. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions by 5.1% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 190,757 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,760,000 after buying an additional 9,198 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions during the fourth quarter worth about $886,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions by 373.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 12,959 shares of the company’s stock worth $867,000 after buying an additional 10,221 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 99.98% of the company’s stock. Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (NYSE:BFAM) traded up 0.76% on Monday, hitting $80.04. 229,726 shares of the company were exchanged. Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc has a 52-week low of $59.00 and a 52-week high of $81.23. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.74 billion, a P/E ratio of 43.69 and a beta of 0.16. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $72.66 and its 200-day moving average price is $70.09. Bright Horizons Family Solutions (NYSE:BFAM) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $0.58 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.53 by $0.05. Bright Horizons Family Solutions had a return on equity of 17.57% and a net margin of 6.04%. The firm had revenue of $422 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $422.32 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.51 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 9.5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc will post $2.54 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/pictet-asset-management-ltd-maintains-position-in-bright-horizons-family-solutions-inc-bfam.html. A number of brokerages have issued reports on BFAM. Royal Bank of Canada set a $78.00 price objective on shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, January 21st. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $80.00 price objective on shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, February 11th. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $83.00 price objective on shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions in a report on Friday. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Finally, William Blair reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions in a report on Friday, February 10th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $77.86. In other Bright Horizons Family Solutions news, CAO Mandy Berman sold 3,697 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.14, for a total value of $251,913.58. Following the completion of the sale, the chief accounting officer now directly owns 24,765 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,687,487.10. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, President Stephen Howard Kramer sold 6,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.71, for a total value of $418,260.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 90,528 shares of company stock valued at $6,575,160. 4.00% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Bright Horizons Family Solutions Company Profile Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc is a provider of child care, early education and other services. The Company provides services under multi-year contracts with employers offering child care and other dependent care solutions as part of their employee benefits packages. Its segments include full service center-based care services, back-up dependent care services and other educational advisory services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BFAM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (NYSE:BFAM). Receive News & Ratings for Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Things to Read Resist Trump Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Spring Art and Performance Green Guide Home Person of Interest Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film/TV Art Theater Books Things to Do Upstream Seattle Beer Week Mother's Day SIFF Red May Resistance & Solidarity Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Log in Sign up Menu Close Things To Read Resist Trump Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Spring Art and Performance Green Guide Home Person of Interest Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film/TV Art Theater Books Print Archives Things To Do Upstream Seattle Beer Week Mother's Day SIFF Red May Resistance & Solidarity Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Other Things Stranger Tickets Stranger Perks Account Log in Sign up SLOG News • Enviro Anti-Keystone XL Activists Report Arrests at Chase Bank Demonstrations by Sydney Brownstone • May 8, 2017 at 2:52 pm Tweet Protesters in hazmat suits set up a fake oil spill inside a Chase bank branch in downtown Seattle. SB Organizers with 350 Seattle are reporting that 12 activists, including City Council candidate Jon Grant, have been arrested at demonstrations at Chase bank branches across the city today. The Seattle Police Department reported that arrests have taken place, but have yet to confirm the number. Officers have made arrests at multiple bank branch locations following a series of demonstrations today. More info as it becomes available. — Seattle Police Dept. (@SeattlePD) May 8, 2017 350 Seattle and indigenous leaders are demonstrating at 13 Chase bank branches in various Seattle neighborhoods to protest the bank's relationship with the Keystone XL pipeline. Activists say JP Morgan Chase is one of the lead banks providing credit to TransCanada, the corporation behind the Keystone XL pipeline project. Despite decisions from the Obama administration that rejected and stalled the controversial pipeline, President Trump has resuscitated the tar sands transportation project by signing an executive order directing his administration to approve pipeline permitting. Today, 350 Seattle published an open "demand letter" to JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, asking Dimon to issue a public statement pledging not to fund the Keystone XL project, or any other tar sands infrastructure project. Seattle City Council member Mike O'Brien and 350 Seattle organizer Alec Connon also published an op-ed in The Stranger explaining their decision to protest. In Capitol Hill, one of the protested Chase branch locations shut down preemptively, and activists say they've managed to shut down five more. I haven't yet been able to confirm those other five branch shutdowns with Chase, but did see protests unfold at three different Chase locations downtown and in the International District this morning and afternoon. Shortly before noon, City Council member Kshama Sawant stopped by a small gathering of activists at Westlake Center and City Council member (and kayaktivist) Mike O'Brien showed up at a demonstration at the Chase branch on 5th Avenue and Union Street. "We need our banking industry to stop funding these awful investments like Keystone pipeline," O'Brien said. "What we're asking Chase right now, is to state unequivocally that they will not invest at the project level in Keystone pipeline." Inside the branch, 10 protesters dressed in yellow hazmat suits—"Keystone XL Toxic Cleanup Crew"—held signs, chanted, and pulled out "caution" tape. Police eventually issued a dispersal order, and the protesters left. A Chase branch in Capitol Hill closed down in anticipation of these menacing environmental protesters. SH A few blocks away, at the 2nd and Union Ave Chase branch, indigenous leaders led a demonstration that included drumming and a round dance inside the building. Several activists wore signs that read, "Water is life," one of the mottos of the Standing Rock pipeline resistance movement. Seattle mayoral candidate Nikkita Oliver was also present, and participated in the chants and dancing. One activist, Mike Dash, 67, announced that he was helping his mother close her $100,000 Chase account. Mood in here is triumphant, celebratory. pic.twitter.com/3EkVGX7Kg9 — Sydney Brownstone (@sydbrownstone) May 8, 2017 At the Chase branch inside Uwajimaya grocery store in the International District, several more protesters held up signs and attempted to educate police on the pipeline. By mid-afternoon, 350 Seattle reported that 12 activists had been arrested, including Seattle City Council candidate Jon Grant. I've not yet confirmed Grant's arrest, or the other numbers, but some Twitter accounts are sharing this photo of Grant: #Seattle candidate for city council pos 8 @electjongrant arrested by @SeattlePD for protesting Chase investment in Keystone XL Pipeline pic.twitter.com/1RmY3pg9Vg — WOKE Washington (@woke_wa) May 8, 2017 I'll update when I know more. 3:13 p.m.: This post has been updated with confirmation from the Seattle Police Department that protestors have been arrested while demonstrating at Chase Bank branches. 9 You might also be interested in these: Sponsored: Tutus, Pointe Shoes…And Hairy Chests. Les Ballets Trockadero Performs At Meany Center May 18-20 | 8 p.m. Bob Hasegawa Is Running for Mayor by Heidi Groover This Week in The Stranger, Plus Most Read on Slog by Leilani Polk Most Popular in Slog Savage Love Letter of the Day: When Should They Bareback? by Dan Savage Anti-Keystone XL Activists Report Arrests at Chase Bank Demonstrations by Sydney Brownstone Wait, I Was Wrong About the New Magnetic Fields Album! Seeing It Live Changed Everything by Rich Smith Anti-Immigrant Posters Are Appearing in South Park. Neighbors Are Fighting Back with Welcoming Signs. by Ana Sofia Knauf Security Officers Claim Employer Retaliated Against Them for May Day Speech About Amazon Working Conditions by Ana Sofia Knauf Fleetmac Wood’s ‘Rumours Rave’ Brings Rock Classics to the Club by Michaelangelo Matos Seattle Police Officer Arrested for "Smuggling Hundreds of Pounds of Marijuana" by Eli Sanders Newsletters Sign up for the latest news and to win free tickets to events Stranger Tickets Buy tickets to events around Seattle Stranger Things To Do Comprehensive calendar of Seattle events Stranger Things To Do App The easiest way to find Seattle's best events This Week's Issue Print Archives Publication Info Masthead Ad Info & Rates Distribution Jobs at The Stranger Contact Check it out Follow Us RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks PREVIOUS JetBlue should thrive with legroom lead SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO UP NEXT What's next for the French economy? Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit Duration: 00:33 17 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Standard Chartered, JPMorgan and more of the largest global backs plan to remove about 9,000 jobs from London over the next two years. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London's growth as a financial center could "stall" as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. READ MORE SEE LESS PLAYLIST Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit Wochit Business NOW PLAYING What's next for the French economy? CNBC UP NEXT People are trolling Dove on Twitter for releasing new soap bottles for different body types Business Insider How much are Trump's weekend trips costing? Wochit News Calif. regulations for recreational pot would limit potency, restrict access CBS Los Angeles Here's why that huge cotton ball comes in pill bottles Business Insider Unemployment rate at lowest in 10 years CNN Money Why is Zuckerberg acting like he's running for president? CNN Money American Airlines' economy class is about to get more cramped Newsy Gin recalled for having too much alcohol Veuer Model 3: The key to Tesla's future? The Wall Street Journal. Tim Cook says iPhone rumor mill hurt sales Wochit Tech Eagles sue Hotel California Reuters This tech could save the construction industry $100 billion The Wall Street Journal. See the massive drill tunneling a subway under LA CNN Money Got a Google Docs invite? Don't click it. For now. The Washington Post Here are the new Superchargers Tesla is adding in 2017 Business Insider Winners and losers of the Republican health care bill CNN Money Amazon sweeps US market for voice-controlled speakers Reuters Warren Buffett hints Berkshire Hathaway may soon pay a dividend Veuer JetBlue should thrive with legroom lead The Wall Street Journal. More from Wochit Business Target Announces Next-Day Delivery Service in Minneapolis Wochit Business 0:40 AMC Earnings Meets Expectations For Q1 Wochit Business 0:44 Macau monitors ATM withdrawals, raids casinos as top official visits Wochit Business 0:39 Apple Breaks its Own Record Wochit Business 0:36 Comcast and Charter team up on wireless Wochit Business 0:47 Showtime Executive VP Melinda Benedek to Retire Wochit Business 0:35 Volkswagen Shifts Gears To Compete With Tesla Wochit Business 0:38 Coach Just Bought Kate Spade New York for a Cool $2.4 Billion Wochit Business 0:46 Tesla Heads To Mexico To Find New Engineering Talent Wochit Business 0:39 Macron Win Leads Euro To 6-Month High, While U.S. Stocks Lag Wochit Business 0:36 Facebook Posts Fake News Ads In Newspapers Wochit Business 0:40 Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit Wochit Business 0:33 Tesla Hiring Event In Monterrey Flooded By Mexican Engineers Wochit Business 0:33 Buffett: Wells Fargo Sales Scandal Grew Because Of Slack Top Management Wochit Business 0:54 Could Apple Take Over Netflix And Tesla? Wochit Business 0:46 Porsche Recalls 52,000 Macan Crossovers Because Of Fuel Odors Wochit Business 0:39 Recent Videos We definitely see wage increase in the US: Adecco CEO CNBC 1:11 1 hr ago Adecco: France needs to become more competitive CNBC 2:39 1 hr ago Adecco CEO: Expect modest growth in US market CNBC 1:54 1 hr ago Asian business leaders are feeling optimistic CNBC 1:34 2 hrs ago Sunshine policy 3.0 in South Korea CNBC 1:33 2 hrs ago Pre-budget, credit rating concerns for Australia CNBC 2:58 2 hrs ago Australian budget wish list CNBC 1:59 2 hrs ago The Korean discount CNBC 2:00 2 hrs ago The Fed's next big challenge CNBC 2:09 3 hrs ago Why the Aussie could fall further CNBC 1:12 3 hrs ago Korean election unlikely to have bearing on markets: Pro CNBC 1:36 3 hrs ago Asia needs to prepare for aging population: IMF CNBC 2:21 3 hrs ago How South Korea's presidential candidates stack up CNBC 2:54 3 hrs ago What to do with the Aussie dollar CNBC 2:20 4 hrs ago 'This is not a time to go head first into the market' CNBC 2:00 4 hrs ago Green shoots in Japan's economy? CNBC 3:06 4 hrs ago Challenges ahead for Macron CNBC 2:01 4 hrs ago Korean election results already priced in: Expert CNBC 2:29 4 hrs ago What Australia's budget will focus on CNBC 2:21 5 hrs ago What South Korea's new president needs to do CNBC 0:41 5 hrs ago Reduced hard landing risk for China: IMF CNBC 2:02 5 hrs ago Here's what could affect Australia's credit rating in the near term CNBC 2:01 5 hrs ago Moon Jae-in's poll numbers will determine his mandate: Professor CNBC 2:15 5 hrs ago Valuations, dollar and global economic recovery point to EM optimism CNBC 1:31 5 hrs ago Young, liberal voters in South Korea favor Moon Jae-in, the favorite to become President CNBC 1:27 6 hrs ago China's CRRC 'achieved success participating in the One Belt One Road initiative': Chairman CNBC 3:50 6 hrs ago Can a new South Korean government ease tensions with the North? CNBC 2:51 6 hrs ago What the Australian government can or cannot do to address the housing market CNBC 2:28 7 hrs ago Gold likely to be supported by geopolitical uncertainties: SocGen CNBC 1:49 7 hrs ago Has the stock market fully priced in a June rate hike from the Fed? CNBC 2:29 7 hrs ago AdChoices Featured Partners CNBC The Wall Street Journal Fox Business CNN Money The Street MoneyTalksNews Zacks Kiplinger We definitely see wage increase in the US: Adecco CEO CNBC 1:11 1 hr ago Adecco: France needs to become more competitive CNBC 2:39 1 hr ago Adecco CEO: Expect modest growth in US market CNBC 1:54 1 hr ago Asian business leaders are feeling optimistic CNBC 1:34 2 hrs ago Sunshine policy 3.0 in South Korea CNBC 1:33 2 hrs ago Pre-budget, credit rating concerns for Australia CNBC 2:58 2 hrs ago Australian budget wish list CNBC 1:59 2 hrs ago The Korean discount CNBC 2:00 2 hrs ago The Fed's next big challenge CNBC 2:09 3 hrs ago Why the Aussie could fall further CNBC 1:12 3 hrs ago Korean election unlikely to have bearing on markets: Pro CNBC 1:36 3 hrs ago Asia needs to prepare for aging population: IMF CNBC 2:21 3 hrs ago How South Korea's presidential candidates stack up CNBC 2:54 3 hrs ago What to do with the Aussie dollar CNBC 2:20 4 hrs ago 'This is not a time to go head first into the market' CNBC 2:00 4 hrs ago Green shoots in Japan's economy? CNBC 3:06 4 hrs ago At Age 20, Amazon Stock Can Fly Higher Still The Wall Street Journal. 5:41 13 hrs ago JetBlue Should Thrive With Legroom Lead The Wall Street Journal. 0:31 20 hrs ago Barron's Buzz: Amazon Stock at 20: Now What? The Wall Street Journal. 4:18 The Future is Almost Here The Wall Street Journal. 0:29 Film Trailer: 'Baahubali 2: The Conclusion' The Wall Street Journal. 0:24 Tesla Makes It Easier to Get Service The Wall Street Journal. 0:26 Facebook Is Far, Far Ahead The Wall Street Journal. 0:28 A Better Way to Select Factor ETFs The Wall Street Journal. 3:06 Picturing Apple's future The Wall Street Journal. 0:29 Documentary Clip: 'Risk' The Wall Street Journal. 0:48 The 'Jungletown' Start-Up in the Panama Rainforest The Wall Street Journal. 3:12 Film Clip: 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' The Wall Street Journal. 1:02 Corporate Tax Cut: A Win for Shoppers The Wall Street Journal. 4:47 What Canadians Think of Trump's Tough Talk on Nafta The Wall Street Journal. 2:58 Barron's Buzz: Caterpillar Revving Up? The Wall Street Journal. 4:59 Private Equity for the Mass Affluent The Wall Street Journal. 4:18 New GOP bill aims to tackle immigration reform at state-level Fox Business 4:04 6 hrs ago Will the GOP health care bill be better than ObamaCare? Fox Business 4:27 6 hrs ago Can North Korea attack the US power grid? Fox Business 4:03 6 hrs ago Will Trump fill the 129 vacant judicial seats with Republicans? Fox Business 5:36 6 hrs ago Dobbs: Obama is trying to save his toxic legacy Fox Business 2:30 6 hrs ago Why companies are investing more in the U.S. Fox Business 4:29 7 hrs ago Nasdaq, S&P 500 notch new record highs Fox Business 1:54 7 hrs ago Can the Flynn controversy be resolved? Fox Business 6:53 7 hrs ago North Korea detains another American hostage Fox Business 3:01 8 hrs ago Sheriff Clarke on Texas’s new sanctuary city bill Fox Business 5:47 8 hrs ago Could Flynn have been blackmailed by Russia? Fox Business 6:49 8 hrs ago Breaking down the hearing over alleged Russian interference in the 2016 election Fox Business 4:46 8 hrs ago The ObamaCare blame game Fox Business 3:31 8 hrs ago Texas governor signs law banning sanctuary cities Fox Business 6:00 9 hrs ago Buffett: World, U.S. will do better with free trade Fox Business 4:21 10 hrs ago Buffett: Fmr. Wells Fargo CEO Stumpf is an honest man Fox Business 6:53 10 hrs ago Why you're getting more robocalls CNN Money 2:31 6 hrs ago Rubenstein: CEOs can live with Trump's tweets CNN Money 4:58 10 hrs ago Kushner family uses Jared's name in sales pitch CNN Money 2:39 10 hrs ago Bernanke: Partisanship is hurting progress CNN Money 6:20 1 day ago This bionic arm has vision CNN Money 1:00 Winners and losers of the Republican health care bill CNN Money 1:25 Here's how Trump will spend your tax dollars CNN Money 2:14 The Marvel model for success CNN Money 4:17 Unemployment rate at lowest in 10 years CNN Money 2:46 Is President Trump good for the golf industry? CNN Money 3:26 Get programming skills. Pay later CNN Money 2:42 What's in the Republican health care bill CNN Money 3:18 Eric Schmidt: Cap on H-1Bs is 'stupid' CNN Money 1:56 House passes bill to replace Obamacare CNN Money 1:04 Why is Zuckerberg acting like he's running for president? CNN Money 2:17 YouTube CEO: Longer maternity leave keeps women at work CNN Money 4:49 What's Ahead Tuesday: Will Disney Report a Magical Quarter? The Street 1:32 Closing Bell: U.S. Stocks Slide; Chipotle Briefs Workers on Food Safety The Street 1:10 Jim Cramer Is Awaiting Panera Earnings Tomorrow The Street 1:04 1-800-Flowers.com Seeking Sweet Valentine’s Day Sales The Street 4:38 Chesapeake Energy Says it Has No Plans to File Bankruptcy The Street 2:48 Here’s What the Broncos Should Do With Their Super Bowl Bonuses The Street 4:36 University of Phoenix Owner Fetches $1.1B From Private Equity Group The Street 1:29 Brixmor Property Tanks on Accounting Issues, Jim Cramer Says Avoid It The Street 1:01 Doug Kass Says It’s All Over for Tesla and the FANG Stocks The Street 4:56 Moe’s Attacks While Takes Chipotle Safety Break The Street 3:52 Jim Cramer Says There’s No Need to Rush Into the Market Now The Street 3:50 Midday Report: Chesapeake Energy Tanks; Stocks Extend Selloff The Street 1:11 U.S. Stocks Open Sharply Lower on Oil, Earnings and Fed Worries The Street 1:32 Another Monday, Another Global Stock Selloff, Europe Hits15 Month low The Street 1:30 Natural Gas Stocks Are Falling. Here’s Why One Investor Is Buying The Street 5:38 Bank of America Needs a Long Term Growth Strategy to Survive The Street 5:36 Preparing your AC for summer Money Talks News 1:37 Slashing the Cost of Motorcycle Insurance Money Talks News 1:34 The best things to buy in May 2017 Money Talks News 1:17 15 Star Wars Gadgets Under $15 Money Talks News 0:58 Getting a discount on every online purchase Money Talks News 1:41 5 Quick and Easy Ideas to Celebrate Cinco de Mayo Money Talks News 0:48 Getting a discount on everything you buy in stores Money Talks News 1:45 How to Control Your Email Money Talks News 1:36 Protection you shouldn't buy Money Talks News 1:43 Things You Shouldn't Buy New Money Talks News 1:44 Things you shouldn't buy used Money Talks News 1:36 Hammering out a home remodeling deal Money Talks News 1:42 Secret Cell Plans 2017 Money Talks News 1:33 10 Incredible Unspoiled Places You Must Visit Money Talks News 1:04 How to Save Real Money While Helping Our Planet Money Talks News 1:00 Should you buy a collector car? Money Talks News 1:42 Bartosiak: Trading Snap Inc (SNAP) Earnings with Options Zacks Equity Research 0:00 8 hrs ago The Top Earnings Charts to Start the Week Zacks Equity Research 0:00 15 hrs ago Bartosiak: Trading Priceline (PCLN) Earnings with Options Zacks Equity Research 0:00 15 hrs ago NVIDIA Earnings Preview with Options Ideas Zacks Equity Research 0:00 050417 Final B&B Edit Zacks Equity Research 0:50 Bolan’s Blowouts look at Extreme Networks (EXTR) and Synchronoss (SNCR) Zacks Equity Research 0:00 05042017 ZRB Edit Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Wynn Resorts (WYNN) and Cree (CREE): Today's Bull & Bear Zacks Equity Research 0:00 NFP Lingers as Market Waits - Dave's Daily Dive Zacks Equity Research 11:59 Profit from Cloud Computing Boom with this ETF Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Tesla Earnings Preview with Options Ideas Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Earnings All Stars Near New Highs Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Market Shakes off DC - Dave's Daily Dive Zacks Equity Research 12:48 Introducing Echo Look. Love your look. Every day. Zacks Equity Research 1:34 Facebook Earnings Preview and Options Ideas Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Restaurant IPO Stocks: Who Will Bring the Sizzle Zacks Equity Research 0:00 How long should you keep tax records? Kiplinger 1:18 3 Smart Ways to Spend Your Tax Refund Kiplinger 1:14 Why you should invest your tax refund in a Roth IRA Kiplinger 1:19 10 timeless financial tips from Knight Kiplinger Kiplinger 1:38 The simple secret to retiring a millionaire Kiplinger 1:14 Why a Roth IRA is a no-brainer for retirement savers Kiplinger 1:21 Best Kirkland products to buy at Costco Kiplinger 1:07 5 states with rising taxes Kiplinger 1:17 Best Things to Buy at Aldi Kiplinger 1:04 Tax tip 2016: Write off home refinancing points Kiplinger 1:13 Tax Tip 2016: Deduct Student-Loan Interest Paid by Your Parents Kiplinger 0:50 Tax Tip 2016: A Tax Break for Airline Baggage Fees? Kiplinger 0:52 Which States Tax My Social Security Retirement Benefits? Kiplinger 0:53 Tax Tip 2016: Out-of-Pocket Charitable Deductions Kiplinger 1:13 Tax Tip 2016: Deduct Job-Hunting Expenses Kiplinger 1:04 Tax Tip 2016: Moving Expenses for Your First Job Kiplinger 0:50 Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Menu Subscribe Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd EqualEd Voices Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Business First Look Bank exit: 9,000 bank jobs to leave UK over the next two years because of Brexit The moves represent about 2 percent of finance jobs in London, though there could be tax consequences for Britain if that number includes wealthy taxpayers in the financial sector. Monitor's Best: Top 5 Cover Story The new range war Difference Maker Having trouble getting a job as an older worker? This woman has some advice. Emmanuel Macron: The man who is 'not Le Pen' – and now president of France Why more Americans are weighing personal conscience and religious liberty In Macron, supporters see a champion of optimism Popular Now USDA secretary announces halt on school nutrition standards Cover Story The new range war Difference Maker Having trouble getting a job as an older worker? This woman has some advice. Obama unveils ambitious plans for an unusual new presidential library in Chicago Emmanuel Macron: The man who is 'not Le Pen' – and now president of France Photos of the day 05/05 SUBSCRIBE City workers cross the River Thames with the City of London financial district seen behind them. Toby Melville/Reuters/File | Caption Loading... Anjuli Davies and Andrew MacAskill Reuters May 8, 2017 —The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Last week Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London's growth as a financial center could "stall" as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS, and Citigroup have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union's single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. Keep calm and answer on: Take our United Kingdom quiz. "It's full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning," said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. "There's no waiting." Although the moves would represent about 2 percent of London's finance jobs, Britain's tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The Institute for Fiscal Studies - a think tank focused on budget issues – said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population will have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit. The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favor opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. Deutsche Bank said on April 26 up to 4,000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit - the largest potential move of any bank. JPMorgan last week announced plans to move hundreds of roles to three European cities in the next two years. This is still significantly lower than the 4,000 figure JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon first estimated before the vote. Estimates for possible finance-related job losses from Brexit are on a broad range from 4,000 to 232,000, according to separate reports by Oliver Wyman and Ernst & Young. Banks are treading carefully, enacting two-stage contingency plans, to avoid losing nervous London-based staff as they work out how many jobs will have to eventually move. This suggests that the numbers could potentially rise further depending on what deal is eventually negotiated between the EU and Britain. This first phase involves small numbers to make sure the requisite licenses, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next will depend on the longer term strategy of a bank's European business. The Bank of England has given finance companies until July 14 to set out their plans. One senior bank executive at a large British bank said forcing companies to make a plan makes it more likely that they will follow through. "It is an unintended consequence, but the more and more preparation you do the more likely you are to execute those plans," the executive said. Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign Up × HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said this week that the bank's previous estimate that around 1,000 staff would move to Paris following Britain's vote to leave the EU, was based on a 'hard Brexit' scenario. Most banks are working on the assumption that this is the most likely outcome of the separation talks and would involve losing access to the single market with no special financial services deal and no transition period. Give us your feedback, please. Give us your feedback, please. We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Submit   Thank you for contacting The Christian Science Monitor. Next Up Test your knowledge Keep calm and answer on: Take our United Kingdom quiz. By Arthur Bright First Look Is the English language becoming less significant in Europe after Brexit? By Crispian Balmer First Look British PM Theresa May makes a surprise call for early election to win stronger Brexit mandate By Elizabeth Piper, Kylie MacLellan, and William James Photos of the Day Photos of the day 05/05 Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman JPMorgan Chase 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–As previously announced, the JPMorgan Chase & Co. annual meeting of shareholders will be held at the JPMorgan Chase Delaware Technology Center in Wilmington, Delaware on Tuesday, May 16 at 10:00 a.m. (Eastern). A live audio webcast of the event will be available at www.jpmorganchase.com under Investor Relations, Events & Presentations. The general public can also listen to the meeting by dialing (866) 541-2724 in the U.S. and Canada or (706) 634-7246 for international participants. Please dial in 10 minutes prior to the start of the meeting. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Neorb Lab Announces the World’s First Bluetooth Headphone Adapter that Doesn’t Only Stream Music Next PostNext Kemper Announces New Leader for Reserve National Business Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman JPMorgan Chase 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–As previously announced, the JPMorgan Chase & Co. annual meeting of shareholders will be held at the JPMorgan Chase Delaware Technology Center in Wilmington, Delaware on Tuesday, May 16 at 10:00 a.m. (Eastern). A live audio webcast of the event will be available at www.jpmorganchase.com under Investor Relations, Events & Presentations. The general public can also listen to the meeting by dialing (866) 541-2724 in the U.S. and Canada or (706) 634-7246 for international participants. Please dial in 10 minutes prior to the start of the meeting. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Neorb Lab Announces the World’s First Bluetooth Headphone Adapter that Doesn’t Only Stream Music Next PostNext Kemper Announces New Leader for Reserve National Business Search Recent Posts 2017 Global Air Quality Monitoring Devices Sales Market 2022 Trend & Forecast Report 2017 Global Air Quality Monitoring Devices Sales Market 2022 Trend & Forecast Report Global Wearable Payment Market Report 2020 with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends at Growth of CAGR 59.44% Delray Beach, FL Author Publishes Novel New Zealand Author Publishes Spiritual Book RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AMC Networks Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AMC Networks Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Capital One National Association Has $452,000 Stake in AMC Networks Inc (AMCX) Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Position Decreased by Capital One National Association Capital One National Association Has $447,000 Stake in Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Microchip Technology Inc. (MCHP) Position Cut by Wrapmanager Inc. Bankinter SA (BKNIY) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research PennantPark Investment Corp. (PNNT) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.31 Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl’s (VRX) Underperform Rating Reaffirmed at Wells Fargo & Co Western Digital Corp (WDC) Insider Mark P. Long Sells 11,631 Shares Yelp’s (YELP) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Wells Fargo & Co Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Identiv (INVE) Share Price The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Insider J Alexander Douglas, Jr. Sells 22,000 Shares POSCO (PKX) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of -0.12 Century Casinos, Inc. (CNTY) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS FairPoint Communications Inc (FRP) Issues Earnings Results Dynavax Technologies Co. (DVAX) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Expectations Echelon Co. (ELON) Posts Earnings Results Select Medical Holdings Co. (SEM) Shares Sold by LSV Asset Management Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Stake Cut by LSV Asset Management Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) Receives “Buy” Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (HGV) Receives “Buy” Rating from Nomura Capital One National Association Has $452,000 Stake in AMC Networks Inc (AMCX) May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capital One National Association reduced its position in AMC Networks Inc (NASDAQ:AMCX) by 3.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 7,711 shares of the company’s stock after selling 316 shares during the period. Capital One National Association’s holdings in AMC Networks were worth $452,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. increased its stake in shares of AMC Networks by 1.7% in the third quarter. First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. now owns 4,385 shares of the company’s stock worth $227,000 after buying an additional 74 shares during the last quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB increased its stake in shares of AMC Networks by 41.3% in the third quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 188,639 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,783,000 after buying an additional 55,174 shares during the last quarter. DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp increased its stake in shares of AMC Networks by 79.9% in the third quarter. DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp now owns 63,095 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,272,000 after buying an additional 28,013 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of AMC Networks by 80.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 113,079 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,865,000 after buying an additional 50,247 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of AMC Networks by 3.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 34,518 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,790,000 after buying an additional 1,111 shares during the last quarter. 81.97% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of AMC Networks Inc (NASDAQ:AMCX) traded down 1.78% on Monday, reaching $55.19. 555,980 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a market cap of $3.68 billion, a PE ratio of 13.41 and a beta of 1.01. AMC Networks Inc has a one year low of $46.17 and a one year high of $70.28. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $58.60 and a 200 day moving average price of $55.66. AMC Networks (NASDAQ:AMCX) last released its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $2.10 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.00 by $0.10. The firm had revenue of $720.19 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $720.15 million. AMC Networks had a return on equity of 408.71% and a net margin of 12.80%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $2.09 EPS. Analysts expect that AMC Networks Inc will post $6.24 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/capital-one-national-association-has-452000-stake-in-amc-networks-inc-amcx.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on AMCX shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of AMC Networks from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Monday, January 9th. Albert Fried & Company reissued a “hold” rating on shares of AMC Networks in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $57.00 price target on shares of AMC Networks in a report on Monday, January 16th. Deutsche Bank AG initiated coverage on shares of AMC Networks in a report on Friday, February 10th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $64.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus raised shares of AMC Networks from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their target price for the company from $56.00 to $70.00 in a research note on Friday, February 24th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating, eight have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $63.14. In other news, EVP James Gallagher sold 4,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $58.75, for a total transaction of $235,000.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 12,260 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $720,275. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Insiders own 16.19% of the company’s stock. About AMC Networks AMC Networks Inc is a holding company, which conducts all of its operations through its subsidiaries. The Company owns and operates entertainment businesses and assets. It operates through two segments: National Networks, and International and Other. National Networks includes activities of its programming businesses, which include its programming networks distributed in the United States and Canada. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AMCX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for AMC Networks Inc (NASDAQ:AMCX). Receive News & Ratings for AMC Networks Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AMC Networks Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio Brexit impact: Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs out of UK Reuters comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet 13 major banks now indicate they will move jobs; StanChart and JPMorgan latest to detail plans London, May 8:   The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources show, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Last week Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview that London’s growth as a financial centre could “stall” as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks, including Goldman Sachs, UBS, and Citigroup, have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union’s single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been under way for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. (This article was published on May 8, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS World | United Kingdom | banking | foreign banks | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Breakfast with BL: Arun Jaitley rules out privatisation of PSU banks more videos» VIDEO The Big Picture - Term Repo Rate more videos» Audio Podcast: All you want to know about ARCs Rajalakshmi Nirmal and Radhika Merwin of the BL Research Bureau discuss the role of asset reconstruction companies (ARCs) in the banking sector and how they deal with bad loans. more audios » DATA BANK Cross Currency Rate Indian Rupees Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Danish Kroner Euro Hong Kong Dollar Indonesian Rupiah Japanese Yen New Zealand Dollar Norwegian Kroner Pound Sterling Singapore Dollar South Korean Won Swadish Kroner Swiss Franc Thai Baht US Dollar Chinese Yuan Arab Emirates Dirham Exchange Rate Dollar Spot Forward Rate Open-Ended Mutual Funds MCX-SX Currency Futures NSE Currency Futures Forex Charts powered by Investing.com. Columnists Ashima Goyal Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED SBI makes home loans cheaper for new borrowers Usha Anathasubramanian appointed as Allahabad Bank MD, CEO Banks, not RBI, will decide size of bad-loan ‘haircuts’ Canara Bank posts Rs 214 cr net profit Social media ‘salaams’ can fetch you a loan Wage talks: ‘Conditional mandate’ to IBA irks State Bank officers Sunil Mehta assumes charge as MD & CEO of PNB M Power Micro Finance gets Rs 25.7 cr from IndiaNivesh Capital IBA invites bank unions for wage revision talks LATEST NEWS The Nifty call: Go long on a break above 9,365 1 min. ago Sensex trading flat; bank, healthcare stocks fall 20 min. ago Gas leak: Police issues notices to firms transporting containers 31 min. ago ​IndiGrid fixes InvIT price band at Rs 98-100 per unit 43 min. ago Passenger vehicles sales up 15% in April, cars rise 17% 57 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Money & Banking CBI arrests jeweller for ₹2,223-cr fraud on banks The CBI on Monday arrested the promoter of a jewellery house for allegedly cheating an SBI-led consortium of 25 banks to the tune of ₹2,... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Recent Posts Turkey aims to boost GCC ties amid free trade talks Ghanem: Revoked citizenships will be returned soon Harmful bacteria caused fish death: EPA Kuwait Airways rehires 19 pilots Grilling debates likely to be delayed Recent Comments Archives May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 Categories Africa Aisha Al Zabin America Asia Basketball Business Cartoon Conspiracy Theory Cricket Crime E-Paper Editor's Desk Elections 2016 Europe Fashion Football Haider Al Mosawi Hassan Al Mosawi Health Hello 965 Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Middle East Movies & Music Nathalie Basma NBA Noora S AlAskar Opinion Other News Other Sports Others Politics Real Fouz Rio 2016 Sports Subcontinent Technology Tennis Top Stories World Yalda Golsharifi Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Home Kuwait Crime Other News Politics World Middle East Subcontinent Asia Africa America Europe Opinion Conspiracy Theory Editor’s Desk Others Business Haider Al Mosawi Sports Football Cricket NBA Tennis Other Sports Legalese Lifestyle Movies & Music Fashion Technology E-Paper About Us Contact Us Rate Card Job Vacancies Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain LONDON: The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Last week Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London’s growth as a financial centre could “stall” as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS, and Citigroup have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union’s single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. “It’s full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning,” said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. “There’s no waiting.” Although the moves would represent about 2 percent of London’s finance jobs, Britain’s tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The Institute for Fiscal Studies – a think tank focused on budget issues – said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population will have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit. The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown.Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favour opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. Deutsche Bank said on Apr. 26 up to 4,000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit – the largest potential move of any bank. JPMorgan last week announced plans to move hundreds of roles to three European cities in the next two years. This is still significantly lower than the 4,000 figure JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon first estimated before the vote. Estimates for possible finance-related job losses from Brexit are on a broad range from 4,000 to 232,000, according to separate reports by Oliver Wyman and Ernst & Young. Banks are treading carefully, enacting two-stage contingency plans, to avoid losing nervous London-based staff as they work out how many jobs will have to eventually move. This suggests that the numbers could potentially rise further depending on what deal is eventually negotiated between the EU and Britain. This first phase involves small numbers to make sure the requisite licenses, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next will depend on the longer term strategy of a bank’s European business. The Bank of England has given finance companies until July 14 to set out their plans. One senior bank executive at a large British bank said forcing companies to make a plan makes it more likely that they will follow through. “It is an unintended consequence, but the more and more preparation you do the more likely you are to execute those plans,” the executive said. HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said this week that the bank’s previous estimate that around 1000 staff would move to Paris following Britain’s vote to leave the EU, was based on a ‘hard Brexit’ scenario. Most banks are working on the assumption that this is the most likely outcome of the separation talks and would involve losing access to the single market with no special financial services deal and no transition period. — Reuters This article was published on 08/05/2017 Most Read Saudi bans poultry imports from Kuwait Truck driver killed in crash Russian employee flees with $166m! Pakistan army kills 50 Afghan security forces in border fight WikiLeaks Kuwait Third umbrella expo opens at Avenues Mall 20,000 expatriates deported in 2016 Food bank signs contract with Quaker for 1,000 food baskets 7th May Kuwait has cemented bonds with Egypt since independence Business Cartoon E-Paper Health Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Opinion Sports Technology Top Stories World About Us Contact Us Rate card 2017 RSS © 2017, ↑ Kuwait Times
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Energy Recovery Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Energy Recovery Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Discover Financial Services (DFS) Shares Sold by Thompson Investment Management Inc. OLD National Bancorp IN Has $326,000 Stake in Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Analysts Set Primo Water Co. (PRMW) Target Price at $17.25 Analysts Set PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG) PT at $114.67 Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) Receives $68.27 Average Price Target from Brokerages Zacks: Analysts Expect Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) to Announce $0.16 Earnings Per Share Sfmg LLC Continues to Hold Position in Western Digital Corp (WDC) Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Reduces Position in Verastem Inc (VSTM) Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Invests $215,000 in Energy Recovery, Inc. (ERII) Gibson Energy Inc. (GEI) Receives C$19.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Lowers Stake in ArQule, Inc. (ARQL) Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Shares Bought by WASHINGTON TRUST Co Wizz Air Holdings PLC (WIZZ) Receives GBX 1,877.22 Consensus Target Price from Analysts OLD National Bancorp IN Has $336,000 Position in HP Inc (HPQ) GEE Group (JOB) Earning Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Idera Pharmaceuticals (IDRA) Share Price Jacobs Engineering Group (JEC) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.43 Hecla Mining Company (HL) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Gladstone Investment (GAIN) Stock Price MainSource Financial Group (MSFG) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.44 Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Invests $215,000 in Energy Recovery, Inc. (ERII) May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Energy Recovery, Inc. (NASDAQ:ERII) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund purchased 25,891 shares of the industrial products company’s stock, valued at approximately $215,000. A number of other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of ERII. Sandia Holdings LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Energy Recovery during the fourth quarter worth $5,685,000. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Energy Recovery by 3.6% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 538,206 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $5,569,000 after buying an additional 18,626 shares in the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its stake in shares of Energy Recovery by 203.8% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 531,383 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $8,493,000 after buying an additional 356,458 shares in the last quarter. Essex Investment Management Co. LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Energy Recovery during the third quarter worth $5,596,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Energy Recovery by 39.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 297,308 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $4,751,000 after buying an additional 83,940 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 31.88% of the company’s stock. Shares of Energy Recovery, Inc. (NASDAQ:ERII) traded down 2.05% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $7.64. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 266,223 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $8.11 and a 200-day moving average of $9.91. Energy Recovery, Inc. has a 1-year low of $7.11 and a 1-year high of $16.67. The company has a market capitalization of $412.02 million, a P/E ratio of 162.55 and a beta of 4.86. Energy Recovery (NASDAQ:ERII) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The industrial products company reported ($0.01) EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.01 by $0.02. Energy Recovery had a negative net margin of 3.60% and a positive return on equity of 3.64%. The company had revenue of $12.26 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.15 million. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Energy Recovery, Inc. will post $0.71 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Invests $215,000 in Energy Recovery, Inc. (ERII)” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/stoneridge-investment-partners-llc-invests-215000-in-energy-recovery-inc-erii.html. ERII has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised Energy Recovery from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $9.50 price objective on the stock in a report on Monday, May 1st. FBR & Co reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $16.00 price objective on shares of Energy Recovery in a report on Monday, March 20th. Stephens initiated coverage on Energy Recovery in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $18.00 price objective on the stock. Evercore ISI reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $20.00 price objective on shares of Energy Recovery in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $20.00 price objective on shares of Energy Recovery in a report on Saturday, March 11th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, Energy Recovery presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $17.42. In related news, Director Robert Yu Lang Mao acquired 20,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $7.53 per share, for a total transaction of $150,600.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now directly owns 142,361 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,071,978.33. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. 26.70% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Energy Recovery Energy Recovery, Inc is an energy solutions provider to industrial fluid flow markets. The Company’s solutions convert wasted pressure energy into a reusable asset and preserve or eliminate pumping technology in hostile processing environments. Its segments include Water, Oil & Gas, and Corporate. The Water Segment focuses on products sold for use in reverse osmosis water desalination. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ERII? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Energy Recovery, Inc. (NASDAQ:ERII). Receive News & Ratings for Energy Recovery Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Energy Recovery Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman WhistlePig Secures $25 Million Credit Facility From JPMorgan Chase SHOREHAM, Vt.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–WhistlePig LLC, the premier rye whiskey company, today announced that it received a $25 million asset-based line (ABL) of credit from JPMorgan Chase, replacing its current ABL and more than doubling its access to liquidity. The credit facility is a reflection of WhistlePig’s performance to date, expected growth, and strong existing inventory position. It will provide the company with incremental funding to accelerate the production and aging of premium rye whiskey. “This is a terrific vote of confidence,” said Roland van Bommel, WhistlePig’s Executive Chairman. “We’re excited to apply these incremental funds, and the expertise of Chase’s talented local and beverage banking teams, to further build our business and produce more rye whiskey for the world to enjoy.” The credit facility will support all aspects of WhistlePig’s business, with a particular focus on further increasing the company’s whiskey reserves and building new infrastructure to support those reserves. In addition to laying down additional barrels of whiskey, the company is building new warehouse facilities, increasing its in-house storage capacity to 35,000 barrels of whiskey. “WhistlePig has created a unique brand and is enthusiastic about providing a farm-to-bottle premium rye whiskey,” said Vernon Studer, relationship executive at JPMorgan Chase. “We understand the business’ vision and growth opportunities and are able to provide the local and specialized financial resources that will help them achieve their goals.” This line of credit comes at an exciting time for WhistlePig, following the successful March launch of FarmStock, the company’s first estate release that includes whiskey produced from its distillery in Vermont. This financing solution will allow WhistlePig to continue to provide consumers with its signature releases, while also expanding its new estate line. About WhistlePig WhistlePig is the world’s finest rye whiskey, featuring the bold and often untapped flavor of America’s original spirit. Founded on a former dairy farm in Shoreham, Vermont, WhistlePig quickly emerged as one of the most decorated whiskeys on the market. With its products having received 97 points from Wine Enthusiast and best whiskey in the world honors from the San Francisco World Spirts Competition, the company continues to release highly sought-after whiskeys whose demand outpaces supply. The opening of the distillery in 2015 and the release of the first estate product in 2017 show that WhistlePig is well on its way toward fulfilling the long-term vision of creating a fully farm-to-bottle operation, found nowhere else. http://whistlepigwhiskey.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Inter Pipeline Announces Strong First Quarter 2017 Financial and Operating Results Next PostNext Base Oil Market 2017 – Royal Dutch Shell PLC, Chevron Corporation, Neste Oil, Avista Oil AG, Nynas AB, Petronas, Repsol, Evonik Industries Search Recent Posts 2017 Global Air Quality Monitoring Devices Sales Market 2022 Trend & Forecast Report 2017 Global Air Quality Monitoring Devices Sales Market 2022 Trend & Forecast Report Global Wearable Payment Market Report 2020 with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends at Growth of CAGR 59.44% Delray Beach, FL Author Publishes Novel New Zealand Author Publishes Spiritual Book RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
tuetqywdderwwxetcxeb Free Site Registration LOGIN Bookstore Calendar CE Center Conferences Subscribe FA Magazine Subscription Newsletters Change of Address Renew Subscription News Feeds Videos FA Library Featured Webcasts Upcoming Archived Whitepapers Most Recent Archived Market and Economic Outlook Go Username Password What is 4 + 4? Remember me New User? | Forgot Username? | Forgot Password? Email for username What is 4 + 4? Email for new password What is 4 + 4? Home » FA Online » FA News » JPMorgan Cautious On European Cyclicals May 9, 2017 Subscribe Free Current Issue Past Issues CONFERENCE NEWS Invest In Women 2017 Inside Retirement 2017 Morningstar Conference 2017 TD Ameritrade 2017 Inside ETFs Conference 2017 Schwab IMPACT 2016 Inside Alternatives Conference 2016 Inside ETFs Conference 2016 Smart Beta Conference 2016 ADVISOR SERVICES Broker-Dealers Custodians/Fee Only Social Media Technology ADVICE 401(k) Plans Annuities Benefits Business Transitions Charitable Giving DOL/Compliance/Fraud Economy Education/529 Estate Planning Health Care Insurance Practice Management Retirement Income Retirement Planning Social Security Tax Planning Variable Annuities Women and Planning INVESTING Alternative Investments Analysis Commodities ETFs Fixed Income Green International Mutual Funds Real Estate/REITs Smart Beta U.S. Equity RESEARCH 10 Young Advisors To Watch Market and Economic Outlook Whitepapers B/D Survey Ranking RIA Ranking MORE SERVICES B/D Profiles 2017 B/D Recruiting Special Section Fixed-Income Supplement Liquid Alts Special Section Technology Special Section Women In The Profession B/D Recruitment Center Industry Partnerships « Previous Article | Next Article » Print | Reprint | Share JPMorgan Cautious On European Cyclicals May 8, 2017 • Kit Rees Loading Other Articles... Strategists at JPMorgan on Monday downgraded European capital goods and chemical sectors, two sectors closely geared to an economic recovery, and took a more favorable stance on more defensive, dividend-paying telecoms and consumer staples. The recommendation stands at odds with the recent investor enthusiasm on European stocks which has largely hinged on the recovery in profits and the upswing in the region's economy. Europe is enjoying its brightest set of quarterly corporate earnings since 2010, with banks, industrials and capital goods companies posting strong results that have, on average, exceeded expectations and stoked a rush back from investors. European stocks are up nearly 10 percent this year and are outpacing other developed markets. But valuations for some sectors are getting stretched, JPMorgan strategists led by Mislav Matejka, wrote in a note to clients, noting European capital goods and chemicals stocks in particular. "..everybody has turned bullish on earnings now, and the bar for Q2 and 2H has been raised materially. Earnings could, in fact, soften over the next few months," they added, noting weakness in recent data from the U.S. and China. Capital goods stocks were trading at the richest price-to-earnings multiples relative to the broader market since the peaks seen in 2007 and 2011, JPMorgan wrote, adding they had now overshot levels backed up by economic data. The case for European stocks was bolstered by Emmanuel Macron's weekend win in France's presidential election against far-right candidate Marine Le Pen, which removed one of the biggest political risks for the bloc this year. The return of inflows into the Eurozone will likely continue to support the market in the very short term, JPMorgan said, but recommended investors use any further gains to lock in some profits and pare back positions in stocks. "We believe that once the inflows are spent, one should look to reduce directional exposure to equities," the strategists wrote. First « 1 2 » Next To read more stories , click here Loading Other Articles... « Previous Article | Next Article » 0 Comments Login in order to post a comment Quick Poll Do you agree with President Trump's proposal to cut all business income taxes to 15%? Yes, it would stimulate growth No, it would inflate the deficit View Results Home Login About Us Media Kit FTP Site Subscriptions Reprints Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | ©2017 Charter Financial Publishing Network Inc. All rights reserved.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video MOVES-JPMorgan names new real estate banking heads Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Mon May 8, 2017 | 11:46am EDT MOVES-JPMorgan names new real estate banking heads May 8 JPMorgan Chase & Co said it made three promotions in its commercial real estate business. Priscilla Almodovar and Chad Tredway will co-lead the real estate banking business, and Alice Carr will lead community development banking, JPMorgan said on Monday. Almodovar, who joined the firm in 2010, has led its community development banking team in lending and investing in various housing projects. Tredway, who joined JPMorgan in 2008, has overseen real estate banking's sales strategy and led the commercial term lending business in the U.S. East region. Carr, who has managed the community development real estate teams in Chase's West and Southwest regions, joined the bank in 2011. (Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News UK Labour leader Corbyn: I won't quit if I lose election LONDON, May 9 Jeremy Corbyn, leader of Britain's opposition Labour Party which is currently languishing behind the ruling Conservatives in opinion polls, says he will not quit as leader if he loses a national election next month. UPDATE 1-Zalando reports solid growth helped by male shoppers * More than 20 mln active customers at end of Q1 (Adds details) RPT-GLOBAL-MARKETS-Asia stocks, dollar subdued after French relief, S.Korea vote eyed * Asia ex-Japan slips, Nikkei slightly lower in lacklustre market MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home News Local News Regional News World News Politics Crime Court Business Mining Health The Piper Opinion Letters Sports Search 29 C Georgetown, Guyana Monday, May 8, 2017 Home Entertainment Environment Advertise Contact Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. INews Guyana Home News Local News Regional News World News Politics Crime Court Business Mining Health The Piper Opinion Letters Sports Home World Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit World Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit May 8, 2017 0 42 By Anjuli Davies and Andrew MacAskill | LONDON FILE PHOTO: A man walks past the head office of Standard Chartered bank in the City of London February 27, 2015. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh (Reuters) The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Last week Standard Chartered (STAN.L) and JPMorgan (JPM.N) were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Goldman Sachs (GS.N) chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London’s growth as a financial center could “stall” as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS (UBSG.S), and Citigroup (C.N) have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union’s single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. “It’s full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning,” said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. “There’s no waiting.” Although the moves would represent about 2 percent of London’s finance jobs, Britain’s tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The Institute for Fiscal Studies – a think tank focused on budget issues – said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population will have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit. The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favor opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) said on Apr. 26 up to 4,000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit – the largest potential move of any bank. JPMorgan last week announced plans to move hundreds of roles to three European cities in the next two years. This is still significantly lower than the 4,000 figure JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon first estimated before the vote. Estimates for possible finance-related job losses from Brexit are on a broad range from 4,000 to 232,000, according to separate reports by Oliver Wyman and Ernst & Young. Banks are treading carefully, enacting two-stage contingency plans, to avoid losing nervous London-based staff as they work out how many jobs will have to eventually move. This suggests that the numbers could potentially rise further depending on what deal is eventually negotiated between the EU and Britain. This first phase involves small numbers to make sure the requisite licenses, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next will depend on the longer term strategy of a bank’s European business. The Bank of England has given finance companies until July 14 to set out their plans. One senior bank executive at a large British bank said forcing companies to make a plan makes it more likely that they will follow through. “It is an unintended consequence, but the more and more preparation you do the more likely you are to execute those plans,” the executive said. HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said this week that the bank’s previous estimate that around 1000 staff would move to Paris following Britain’s vote to leave the EU, was based on a ‘hard Brexit’ scenario. Most banks are working on the assumption that this is the most likely outcome of the separation talks and would involve losing access to the single market with no special financial services deal and no transition period. (Editing by Anna Willard) Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related TAGS 000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit Banks planning to move 9 SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleGTTA names Miguel Wong as its prospect for Youth Olympic Games qualification Next articleJustice Holder recuses self from case with AG Williams INEWS RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR latest news Dhawan, bowlers lead Sunrisers’ cruise latest news Investigation underway after pilot caught napping in business class while trainee flies World Obama voices ‘fervent hope’ Congress will tread carefully on healthcare World North Korea claims CIA plotted to kill Kim Jong-un World U.S. House passes healthcare bill in big win for Trump latest news Puerto Rico files for biggest ever U.S. local government bankruptcy LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Recent Articles East Ruimveldt man on trial for dredge owner’s murder Court INEWS - May 8, 2017 0 Travis McDougal, who was accused of killing 43-year-old Dredge owner, Ashok Raghu, outside of the Botanical Gardens on Vlissingen Road, Georgetown in August 2014,... Pawn Shop owner remanded for unlicensed gun, ammo Court INEWS - May 8, 2017 0 Appearing before City Magistrate Judy Latchman on Monday morning was the proprietor of Brothers Pawn Shop, who was  charged and remanded to prison for... Petroleum Commission Bill laid in National Assembly Business INEWS - May 8, 2017 0 Minister of Natural Resources Raphael Trotman,  today, presented the Petroleum Commission Bill for the first time in the National Assembly. The Bill intituled (give title... GuySuCo to close more factories by year end latest news INEWS - May 8, 2017 0 …to no longer provide health services   The Guyana Sugar Corporation (GuySuCo) will by the end of the year, close two more Sugar Estates,... Citizens protest outside Parliament over closure of sugar estates latest news INews - May 8, 2017 0 as well as VAT and used tires ban Scores of persons staged three separate protests in front of the Parliament Building earlier today (Monday),... Dhawan, bowlers lead Sunrisers’ cruise latest news INews - May 8, 2017 0 Sunrisers Hyderabad v Mumbai Indians, IPL 2017, Hyderabad Sunrisers Hyderabad rode on a counter-attacking second-wicket partnership between Shikhar Dhawan and Moises Henriques to outplay Mumbai... Teen, adult remanded for murder of lad at school concert Court INEWS - May 8, 2017 0 Two men- one being a teen- appeared before Chief Magistrate, Ann McLennan at the Georgetown Magistrate’s court on Monday, and were charged for the... Social Protection Ministry embarks on campaign to address teen pregnancy, related issues in schools latest news INews - May 8, 2017 0 The Ministry of Social Protection, Probation and Social Services Department has embarked on a campaign to raise awareness on the issue of teenage pregnancy... GWI to conduct customer satisfaction survey Business INEWS - May 8, 2017 0 The Guyana Water Incorporated (GWI) says will be conducting a national customer satisfaction survey to access data, and find out how its services can... URGENT TRAFFIC ADVISORY latest news INews - May 8, 2017 0 The Guyana Police Force is advising the travelling public that the southern carriageway of Carifesta Avenue will be closed to vehicular traffic from 17:30hrs-00:00hrs... Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 4,397 other subscribers Email Address ABOUT USINEWS GUYANA is your #1 news, current events and entertainment website. We provide you with the latest breaking news and videos straight from Guyana. Contact us: [email protected] FOLLOW US © 2017 INEWS Guyana. Website Solution/Maintenance by GxMedia. MORE STORIES East Ruimveldt man on trial for dredge owner’s murder May 8, 2017 Pawn Shop owner remanded for unlicensed gun, ammo May 8, 2017 Petroleum Commission Bill laid in National Assembly May 8, 2017
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Engie SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Engie SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wells Fargo & Co’s (WFC) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (RARE) YY Inc (YY) Research Coverage Started at BOCOM International Holdings New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (EDU) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39 Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (ruth) Announces $0.09 Quarterly Dividend Engie SA (GSZ) Given a €14.50 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) PT Set at €2.70 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Greystone Investment Management LLC Sells 914 Shares of Time Warner Inc (TWX) CSX Co. (CSX) Shares Sold by Stonebridge Capital Management Inc. Cidara Therapeutics (CDTX) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.20 BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.33 EPS Gamble Jones Investment Counsel Boosts Position in Allergan plc (AGN) Deutsche Highome Opportunitis Fd (DHG) Getting Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Investment Counsel Inc. Increases Stake in BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Supplemental Annuity Collective Trust of NJ Has $856,000 Position in Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) WGL Holdings Inc (WGL) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance SunTrust Banks Weighs in on Otonomy Inc’s FY2021 Earnings (OTIC) Everett Harris & Co. CA Increases Stake in BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Antero Resources Corp (AR) Position Maintained by Strs Ohio Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Stake Held by Strs Ohio Engie SA (GSZ) Given a €14.50 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Engie SA (EPA:GSZ) has been assigned a €14.50 ($15.76) price target by stock analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued on Monday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts have also commented on GSZ. Royal Bank of Canada set a €12.50 ($13.59) price objective on Engie SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €13.00 ($14.13) price objective on Engie SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. S&P Global set a €14.00 ($15.22) price objective on Engie SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. BNP Paribas set a €16.50 ($17.93) price objective on Engie SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €14.10 ($15.33) price objective on Engie SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Engie SA has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of €14.62 ($15.89). COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/engie-sa-gsz-given-a-14-50-price-target-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Engie SA Company Profile Engie SA, formerly GDF Suez SA, is a France-based natural gas and electricity supplier. Its operations are organized in five business lines: Energy Europe, engaged in the production of electricity and distribution and supplying of gas in continental Europe; Energy International which supplies power within North and Latin America, the United Kingdom, Turkey, Middle East, Asia and Africa; Global Gas & LNG, which includes exploration and production of gas and oil, procurement and routing of gas and Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) and supplying accounts in Europe; Infrastructures, which operates the transport, supply and storage of natural gas; and Energy Services, providing multi-technical services in the areas of engineering, installation or energy services. Receive News & Ratings for Engie SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Engie SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
// IP Marketing video - START// IP Marketing video - END Information: Weather in Armenia Exchange rates RSS feeds: RSS (headlines) RSS (articles) RSS (interviews) More RSS feeds PanARMENIAN Photo: RSS (photowire) RSS (photoblog) USD484.77EUR531.16RUR8.31 Yerevan+11 ... +24 C Home All news World Foreign Policy & Diaspora Politics Society more... Economy Sport Arts & Showbiz IT & Technology Overview    News    Articles    Interviews  Calendar Invalid query Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain in the next two years May 8, 2017 - 17:57 AMT PanARMENIAN.Net - The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape, Reuters reports. Last week Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday, May 5 that London's growth as a financial center could "stall" as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS, and Citigroup have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union's single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. "It's full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning," said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. "There's no waiting." Although the moves would represent about 2 percent of London's finance jobs, Britain's tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The Institute for Fiscal Studies - a think tank focused on budget issues - said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population will have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit. The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favor opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. Deutsche Bank said on Apr. 26 up to 4,000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit - the largest potential move of any bank. JPMorgan last week announced plans to move hundreds of roles to three European cities in the next two years. This is still significantly lower than the 4,000 figure JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon first estimated before the vote. Estimates for possible finance-related job losses from Brexit are on a broad range from 4,000 to 232,000, according to separate reports by Oliver Wyman and Ernst & Young. Banks are treading carefully, enacting two-stage contingency plans, to avoid losing nervous London-based staff as they work out how many jobs will have to eventually move. This suggests that the numbers could potentially rise further depending on what deal is eventually negotiated between the EU and Britain. This first phase involves small numbers to make sure the requisite licenses, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next will depend on the longer term strategy of a bank's European business. The Bank of England has given finance companies until July 14 to set out their plans. One senior bank executive at a large British bank said forcing companies to make a plan makes it more likely that they will follow through. "It is an unintended consequence, but the more and more preparation you do the more likely you are to execute those plans," the executive said. HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said this week that the bank's previous estimate that around 1000 staff would move to Paris following Britain's vote to leave the EU, was based on a 'hard Brexit' scenario. Most banks are working on the assumption that this is the most likely outcome of the separation talks and would involve losing access to the single market with no special financial services deal and no transition period. Related links: Reuters. Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit  Top stories Warming U.S. ties with Kurds stoke Turkish border tensions: The Guardian “Washington continues to see the Kurds as an indispensable ally in the next phase of the Islamic State campaign,” the Guardian said. PACE declares “no confidence” in Pedro Agramunt as President It further resolved that Agramunt is not authorised to undertake any official visits, attend any meetings or make any public statements on behalf of the Assembly. Council of Europe to investigate Azerbaijan vote-rigging allegations The 324-member body is made up of delegates from national parliaments who meet four times a year in Strasbourg. Trump administration proposes reducing foreign aid The administration’s March budget proposal vowed to slash aid to developing countries by over one-third, but contained few details. Partner news Loading...  Articles Empire built on rice The Great Wall of China  Most popular in the section Islamic State kills top Afghan Taliban official in Pakistan Syrian rebel groups fight each other in besieged Damascus enclave Eurozone inflation back up at targeted level as economy improves Eurozone recovery solid, European Central Bank head says Home All news Overview: World Archive for May 8, 2017 Other news in this section  Latest news Altitude nabs Zosia Mamet’s comedy drama “The Boy Downstairs” “The Boy Downstairs” premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in April and marks the feature debut of writer-director Sophie Brooks. YA novel adaptation “Everything Everything” rolls out new clip Nicola Yoon's debut novel follows the relationship between Olly and Maddy, a teen with severe combined immunodeficiency. Stephen King's “The Mist” unveils gruesome trailer (video) Based on the story by Stephen King, "The Mist" centers around a small town family that is torn apart by a brutal crime. Tom Cruise, Emily Blunt may return for “Edge of Tomorrow 2” "Edge of Tomorrow" follows an alien race which has hit the Earth in an unrelenting assault, unbeatable by any military unit in the world. About us | Stats | Advertise with us | Terms of service | Privacy policy Copyright © 2000—2017. PanARMENIAN Network Content of this site is licensed under a Creative Commons License
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Sinclair Broadcast Group To Acquire Tribune Media Company For Approximately $3.9 Billion BALTIMORE and CHICAGO, May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: SBGI) ("Sinclair") and Tribune Media Company (NYSE: TRCO) ("Tribune") today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Sinclair will acquire 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Tribune for $43.50 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $3.9 billion, plus the assumption of approximately $2.7 billion in net debt.   Under the terms of the agreement, Tribune stockholders will receive $35.00 in cash and 0.23 shares of Sinclair Class A common stock for each share of Tribune Class A common stock and Class B common stock they own. The total $43.50 per share consideration represents a premium of approximately 26% over Tribune's unaffected closing share price on February 28, 2017, the day prior to media speculation regarding a possible transaction; approximately 14% over Tribune's 30-day volume weighted average closing stock price; and approximately 8% over Tribune's closing share price on May 5, 2017, the last trading day prior to today's announcement. Tribune owns or operates 42 television stations in 33 markets, cable network WGN America, digital multicast network Antenna TV, minority stakes in the TV Food Network and CareerBuilder, and a variety of real estate assets. Tribune's stations, a list of which is available in Tribune's most recent Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2017, consist of 14 FOX, 12 CW, 6 CBS, 3 ABC, 2 NBC, 3 MyNetworkTV affiliates and 2 independent stations. The group includes stations in the top three DMAs in the country, seven in the top 10 and 34 in the top 50 DMAs.1 "This is a transformational acquisition for Sinclair that will open up a myriad of opportunities for the company," commented Chris Ripley, President and CEO of Sinclair.  "The Tribune stations are highly complementary to Sinclair's existing footprint and will create a leading nationwide media platform that includes our country's largest markets. The acquisition will enable Sinclair to build ATSC 3.0 (Next Generation Broadcast Platform) advanced services, scale emerging networks and national sales, and integrate content verticals. The acquisition will also create substantial synergistic value through operating efficiencies, revenue streams, programming strategies and digital platforms."       "This will be the largest acquisition in our company's history, and I want to thank everyone from the Sinclair team, as well as our advisors and bankers who made this possible," commented David Smith, Executive Chairman of Sinclair.  "Television broadcasting is even more relevant today, especially when it comes to serving our local communities.  Tribune's stations allow Sinclair to strengthen our commitment to serving local communities and to advance the Next Generation Broadcast Platform.  This acquisition will be a turning point for Sinclair, allowing us to better serve our viewers and advertisers while creating value for our shareholders."  "Today's announcement is the culmination of an extensive strategic review, which has delivered significant value to our stockholders," said Peter Kern, Tribune's Chief Executive Officer.  "Since we announced the strategic review 15 months ago, we have streamlined the business, monetized non-core assets, strengthened our balance sheet and returned more than $800 million to stockholders -- all of which has resulted in a 50% increase in stockholder value.  We are extremely proud to join Sinclair, and we're excited that Tribune stockholders and employees will have the opportunity to participate in the long-term growth of the combined company." The transaction has been unanimously approved by the Boards of Directors of both companies and is anticipated to close and fund in the fourth quarter of 2017.  Completion of the transaction is subject to approval by Tribune's stockholders, as well as customary closing conditions, including approval by the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC"), and antitrust clearance.  Sinclair expects to fund the purchase price at closing through a combination of cash on hand, fully committed debt financing to be provided by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Royal Bank of Canada, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and by accessing the capital markets. In order to comply with FCC ownership requirements and antitrust regulations, Sinclair may sell certain stations in markets where it currently owns stations. Such divestitures will be determined through the regulatory approval process.  Including the Tribune acquisition (before any related divestitures), all previously announced pending transactions, and pro forma for expected synergies, Sinclair's 2015 and 2016 media revenues would have been $4.070 billion and $4.603 billion, respectively.  The $6.6 billion enterprise value represents an average pro forma EBITDA multiple of less than 7.0x on the core television and entertainment business and is expected to add over 40% pro forma 2016/2017 free cash flow per share accretion2.       Sinclair Advisors: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC acted as exclusive financial advisor.  Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson LLP, Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP and Thomas & Libowitz P.A. acted as legal advisors to Sinclair in connection with this transaction. Tribune Media Advisors: Moelis & Company and Guggenheim Securities acted as financial advisors and Debevoise & Plimpton LLP and Covington & Burling LLP acted as legal advisors to Tribune in connection with this transaction. Investor Call: The senior management of Sinclair intends to hold a conference call to discuss the acquisition of Tribune on Monday, May 8, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET.  After the call, an audio replay will be available at www.sbgi.net.  The press and the public will be welcome on the call in a listen-only mode.  The dial-in number is (877) 407-8033. A slide presentation is available during the call and can be accessed at http://www.investorcalendar.com/IC/CEPage.asp?ID=175940 Tribune will release its first quarter results, and host an investor call, as previously scheduled, prior to market open, on Wednesday, May 10, 2017.  The investor call will begin at 8:30 a.m. ET and can be accessed by dialing 888-317-6003 (domestic) or 412-317-6061 (international).  The confirmation code is 2831845. About Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.: Sinclair is one of the largest and most diversified television broadcasting companies in the country. Pro forma for the Tribune acquisition (before any related divestitures) and all previously announced pending transactions, the Company will own, operate and/or provide services to 233 television stations in 108 markets.  The Company has multiple emerging networks as well as being affiliated with all the major networks. Sinclair is a leading local news provider in the country and a producer of live sports content. Sinclair's content is delivered via multiple-platforms, including over-the-air, multi-channel video program distributors, and digital platforms. The Company regularly uses its website as a key source of Company information which can be accessed at www.sbgi.net. About Tribune Media Company: Tribune Media Company (NYSE: TRCO) is home to a diverse portfolio of television and digital properties driven by quality news, entertainment and sports programming. Tribune is comprised of Tribune Broadcasting's 42 owned or operated local television stations reaching approximately 50 million households, national entertainment cable network WGN America, whose reach is approximately 80 million households, Tribune Studios, and a variety of digital applications and websites commanding 60 million monthly unique visitors online. Tribune also includes Chicago's WGN-AM and the national multicast networks Antenna TV and THIS TV. Additionally, Tribune owns and manages a significant number of real estate properties across the U.S. and holds a variety of investments, including a 32% interest in CareerBuilder, LLC and a 31% interest in Television Food Network, G.P., which operates Food Network and Cooking Channel. For more information please visit www.investors.tribunemedia.com. Forward-Looking Statements:  Certain statements and information in this communication may be deemed to be "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements relating to Tribune's and Sinclair's objectives, plans and strategies, and all statements (other than statements of historical facts) that address activities, events or developments that Tribune and Sinclair intend, expect, project, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. These statements are often characterized by terminology such as "believe," "hope," "may," "anticipate," "should," "intend," "plan," "will," "expect," "estimate," "project," "positioned," "strategy" and similar expressions, and are based on assumptions and assessments made by Tribune's and Sinclair's management in light of their experience and their perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments, and other factors they believe to be appropriate. Any forward-looking statements in this communication are made as of the date hereof, and Tribune and Sinclair undertake no duty to update or revise any such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Whether actual results will conform to expectations and predictions is subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including: risks and uncertainties discussed in the reports that Tribune and Sinclair have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"); general economic, market, or business conditions; risks associated with the ability to consummate the business combination between Tribune and Sinclair and the timing of the closing of the business combination; the risk that a regulatory approval that may be required for the proposed transaction is delayed, is not obtained or is obtained subject to conditions that are not anticipated; pricing fluctuations in local and national advertising; future regulatory actions and conditions in the television stations' operating areas; competition from others in the broadcast television markets; volatility in programming costs; the ability to successfully integrate Tribune's and Sinclair's operations and employees; the ability to realize anticipated benefits and synergies of the business combination; the potential impact of announcement of the business combination or consummation of the transaction on relationships, including with employees, customers and competitors; and other circumstances beyond Tribune's and Sinclair's control. Refer to the section entitled "Risk Factors" in Tribune's and Sinclair's annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC and in the Form S-4 to be filed by Sinclair with the SEC at a future date for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from forward-looking statements. No Offer or Solicitation / Additional Information and Where to Find It: This communication is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.  No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. This communication is being made in respect of a proposed business combination involving Sinclair and Tribune. In connection with the proposed transaction, Tribune and Sinclair intend to file relevant materials with the SEC, including a Registration Statement on Form S-4 to be filed by Sinclair that will include a preliminary proxy statement of Tribune and that will also constitute a prospectus of Sinclair. The information in the preliminary proxy statement/prospectus will not be complete and may be changed. Tribune will deliver the definitive proxy statement to its shareholders as required by applicable law.  This communication is not a substitute for any prospectus, proxy statement or any other document that may be filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed business combination. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF SINCLAIR AND TRIBUNE ARE URGED TO READ THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain these materials (when they are available) and other documents filed with the SEC free of charge at the SEC's website, www.sec.gov. Copies of documents filed with the SEC by Sinclair (when they become available) may be obtained free of charge on Sinclair's website at www.sbgi.net or by directing a written request to Sinclair at 10706 Beaver Dam Road, Hunt Valley, MD 21030, Attention:  Lucy A. Rutishauser.  Copies of documents filed with the SEC by Tribune (when they become available) may be obtained free of charge on Tribune's website at www.tribunemedia.com. Participants in the Merger Solicitation: Tribune and its directors, executive officers and certain other members of management and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the proposed transaction. Information regarding these persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be considered participants in the solicitation of Tribune stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction is set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus described above filed with the SEC. Additional information regarding Tribune's executive officers and directors is included in Tribune's  proxy statement for its 2017 annual meeting of shareholders filed with the SEC on March 24, 2017 which can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. 1 "DMAs" are television designated market areas according to the Nielsen Company. The rankings are in terms of size of the DMA out of the 210 generally recognized DMAs in the United States. 2 Sinclair management considers free cash flow to be an indicator of Sinclair's assets' operating performance. Sinclair management also believes that free cash flow is a commonly used measure of valuation for companies in the broadcast industry. In addition, this measure is frequently used by industry analysts, investors and lenders as a measure of valuation for broadcast companies, although their definitions of free cash flow may differ from Sinclair's definition. Sinclair believes this measure serves as a valuable assessment tool for investors to identify potential trends in the company's performance.  For the definition of free cash flow, please refer to Sinclair's website:  http://sbgi.net/investor-relations/#NonGAAP. SOURCE Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.; Tribune Media Company CategoriesUncategorized TagsAcquisitions, Mergers, Takeovers, Conference Call Announcements, Entertainment, Television Post navigation Previous PostPrevious BUYINS.NET: MHLD SqueezeTrigger Price is $11.94. There is $29,335,200 That Short Sellers Still Need To Cover. Next PostNext Towards a Global Role for ACP? Search Recent Posts Sales Market Analysis: Global Viral Vectors and Plasmid DNA Manufacturing Market Research Report 2017 Car Wash System Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Global Pet Insurance Industry Revenue and Market Growth Rate Available Online at Orbisresearch.com Clean TeQ Holdings Ltd, Melbourne (CTEQF: OTCQX International) | Change of Director’s Interest Notice Daily Press Briefing by Press Secretary Sean Spicer — #45 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Sinclair Broadcast Group To Acquire Tribune Media Company For Approximately $3.9 Billion BALTIMORE and CHICAGO, May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: SBGI) („Sinclair”) and Tribune Media Company (NYSE: TRCO) („Tribune”) today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Sinclair will acquire 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Tribune for $43.50 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $3.9 billion, plus the assumption of approximately $2.7 billion in net debt.   Under the terms of the agreement, Tribune stockholders will receive $35.00 in cash and 0.23 shares of Sinclair Class A common stock for each share of Tribune Class A common stock and Class B common stock they own. The total $43.50 per share consideration represents a premium of approximately 26% over Tribune’s unaffected closing share price on February 28, 2017, the day prior to media speculation regarding a possible transaction; approximately 14% over Tribune’s 30-day volume weighted average closing stock price; and approximately 8% over Tribune’s closing share price on May 5, 2017, the last trading day prior to today’s announcement. Tribune owns or operates 42 television stations in 33 markets, cable network WGN America, digital multicast network Antenna TV, minority stakes in the TV Food Network and CareerBuilder, and a variety of real estate assets. Tribune’s stations, a list of which is available in Tribune’s most recent Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2017, consist of 14 FOX, 12 CW, 6 CBS, 3 ABC, 2 NBC, 3 MyNetworkTV affiliates and 2 independent stations. The group includes stations in the top three DMAs in the country, seven in the top 10 and 34 in the top 50 DMAs.1 „This is a transformational acquisition for Sinclair that will open up a myriad of opportunities for the company,” commented Chris Ripley, President and CEO of Sinclair.  „The Tribune stations are highly complementary to Sinclair’s existing footprint and will create a leading nationwide media platform that includes our country’s largest markets. The acquisition will enable Sinclair to build ATSC 3.0 (Next Generation Broadcast Platform) advanced services, scale emerging networks and national sales, and integrate content verticals. The acquisition will also create substantial synergistic value through operating efficiencies, revenue streams, programming strategies and digital platforms.”       „This will be the largest acquisition in our company’s history, and I want to thank everyone from the Sinclair team, as well as our advisors and bankers who made this possible,” commented David Smith, Executive Chairman of Sinclair.  „Television broadcasting is even more relevant today, especially when it comes to serving our local communities.  Tribune’s stations allow Sinclair to strengthen our commitment to serving local communities and to advance the Next Generation Broadcast Platform.  This acquisition will be a turning point for Sinclair, allowing us to better serve our viewers and advertisers while creating value for our shareholders.”  „Today’s announcement is the culmination of an extensive strategic review, which has delivered significant value to our stockholders,” said Peter Kern, Tribune’s Chief Executive Officer.  „Since we announced the strategic review 15 months ago, we have streamlined the business, monetized non-core assets, strengthened our balance sheet and returned more than $800 million to stockholders — all of which has resulted in a 50% increase in stockholder value.  We are extremely proud to join Sinclair, and we’re excited that Tribune stockholders and employees will have the opportunity to participate in the long-term growth of the combined company.” The transaction has been unanimously approved by the Boards of Directors of both companies and is anticipated to close and fund in the fourth quarter of 2017.  Completion of the transaction is subject to approval by Tribune’s stockholders, as well as customary closing conditions, including approval by the Federal Communications Commission („FCC”), and antitrust clearance.  Sinclair expects to fund the purchase price at closing through a combination of cash on hand, fully committed debt financing to be provided by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Royal Bank of Canada, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and by accessing the capital markets. In order to comply with FCC ownership requirements and antitrust regulations, Sinclair may sell certain stations in markets where it currently owns stations. Such divestitures will be determined through the regulatory approval process.  Including the Tribune acquisition (before any related divestitures), all previously announced pending transactions, and pro forma for expected synergies, Sinclair’s 2015 and 2016 media revenues would have been $4.070 billion and $4.603 billion, respectively.  The $6.6 billion enterprise value represents an average pro forma EBITDA multiple of less than 7.0x on the core television and entertainment business and is expected to add over 40% pro forma 2016/2017 free cash flow per share accretion2.       Sinclair Advisors: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC acted as exclusive financial advisor.  Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson LLP, Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP and Thomas & Libowitz P.A. acted as legal advisors to Sinclair in connection with this transaction. Tribune Media Advisors: Moelis & Company and Guggenheim Securities acted as financial advisors and Debevoise & Plimpton LLP and Covington & Burling LLP acted as legal advisors to Tribune in connection with this transaction. Investor Call: The senior management of Sinclair intends to hold a conference call to discuss the acquisition of Tribune on Monday, May 8, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET.  After the call, an audio replay will be available at www.sbgi.net.  The press and the public will be welcome on the call in a listen-only mode.  The dial-in number is (877) 407-8033. A slide presentation is available during the call and can be accessed at http://www.investorcalendar.com/IC/CEPage.asp?ID=175940 Tribune will release its first quarter results, and host an investor call, as previously scheduled, prior to market open, on Wednesday, May 10, 2017.  The investor call will begin at 8:30 a.m. ET and can be accessed by dialing 888-317-6003 (domestic) or 412-317-6061 (international).  The confirmation code is 2831845. About Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.: Sinclair is one of the largest and most diversified television broadcasting companies in the country. Pro forma for the Tribune acquisition (before any related divestitures) and all previously announced pending transactions, the Company will own, operate and/or provide services to 233 television stations in 108 markets.  The Company has multiple emerging networks as well as being affiliated with all the major networks. Sinclair is a leading local news provider in the country and a producer of live sports content. Sinclair’s content is delivered via multiple-platforms, including over-the-air, multi-channel video program distributors, and digital platforms. The Company regularly uses its website as a key source of Company information which can be accessed at www.sbgi.net. About Tribune Media Company: Tribune Media Company (NYSE: TRCO) is home to a diverse portfolio of television and digital properties driven by quality news, entertainment and sports programming. Tribune is comprised of Tribune Broadcasting’s 42 owned or operated local television stations reaching approximately 50 million households, national entertainment cable network WGN America, whose reach is approximately 80 million households, Tribune Studios, and a variety of digital applications and websites commanding 60 million monthly unique visitors online. Tribune also includes Chicago’s WGN-AM and the national multicast networks Antenna TV and THIS TV. Additionally, Tribune owns and manages a significant number of real estate properties across the U.S. and holds a variety of investments, including a 32% interest in CareerBuilder, LLC and a 31% interest in Television Food Network, G.P., which operates Food Network and Cooking Channel. For more information please visit www.investors.tribunemedia.com. Forward-Looking Statements:  Certain statements and information in this communication may be deemed to be „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements relating to Tribune’s and Sinclair’s objectives, plans and strategies, and all statements (other than statements of historical facts) that address activities, events or developments that Tribune and Sinclair intend, expect, project, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. These statements are often characterized by terminology such as „believe,” „hope,” „may,” „anticipate,” „should,” „intend,” „plan,” „will,” „expect,” „estimate,” „project,” „positioned,” „strategy” and similar expressions, and are based on assumptions and assessments made by Tribune’s and Sinclair’s management in light of their experience and their perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments, and other factors they believe to be appropriate. Any forward-looking statements in this communication are made as of the date hereof, and Tribune and Sinclair undertake no duty to update or revise any such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Whether actual results will conform to expectations and predictions is subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including: risks and uncertainties discussed in the reports that Tribune and Sinclair have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the „SEC”); general economic, market, or business conditions; risks associated with the ability to consummate the business combination between Tribune and Sinclair and the timing of the closing of the business combination; the risk that a regulatory approval that may be required for the proposed transaction is delayed, is not obtained or is obtained subject to conditions that are not anticipated; pricing fluctuations in local and national advertising; future regulatory actions and conditions in the television stations’ operating areas; competition from others in the broadcast television markets; volatility in programming costs; the ability to successfully integrate Tribune’s and Sinclair’s operations and employees; the ability to realize anticipated benefits and synergies of the business combination; the potential impact of announcement of the business combination or consummation of the transaction on relationships, including with employees, customers and competitors; and other circumstances beyond Tribune’s and Sinclair’s control. Refer to the section entitled „Risk Factors” in Tribune’s and Sinclair’s annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC and in the Form S-4 to be filed by Sinclair with the SEC at a future date for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from forward-looking statements. No Offer or Solicitation / Additional Information and Where to Find It: This communication is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.  No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. This communication is being made in respect of a proposed business combination involving Sinclair and Tribune. In connection with the proposed transaction, Tribune and Sinclair intend to file relevant materials with the SEC, including a Registration Statement on Form S-4 to be filed by Sinclair that will include a preliminary proxy statement of Tribune and that will also constitute a prospectus of Sinclair. The information in the preliminary proxy statement/prospectus will not be complete and may be changed. Tribune will deliver the definitive proxy statement to its shareholders as required by applicable law.  This communication is not a substitute for any prospectus, proxy statement or any other document that may be filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed business combination. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF SINCLAIR AND TRIBUNE ARE URGED TO READ THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain these materials (when they are available) and other documents filed with the SEC free of charge at the SEC’s website, www.sec.gov. Copies of documents filed with the SEC by Sinclair (when they become available) may be obtained free of charge on Sinclair’s website at www.sbgi.net or by directing a written request to Sinclair at 10706 Beaver Dam Road, Hunt Valley, MD 21030, Attention:  Lucy A. Rutishauser.  Copies of documents filed with the SEC by Tribune (when they become available) may be obtained free of charge on Tribune’s website at www.tribunemedia.com. Participants in the Merger Solicitation: Tribune and its directors, executive officers and certain other members of management and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the proposed transaction. Information regarding these persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be considered participants in the solicitation of Tribune stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction is set forth in the proxy statement/prospectus described above filed with the SEC. Additional information regarding Tribune’s executive officers and directors is included in Tribune’s  proxy statement for its 2017 annual meeting of shareholders filed with the SEC on March 24, 2017 which can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. 1 „DMAs” are television designated market areas according to the Nielsen Company. The rankings are in terms of size of the DMA out of the 210 generally recognized DMAs in the United States. 2 Sinclair management considers free cash flow to be an indicator of Sinclair’s assets’ operating performance. Sinclair management also believes that free cash flow is a commonly used measure of valuation for companies in the broadcast industry. In addition, this measure is frequently used by industry analysts, investors and lenders as a measure of valuation for broadcast companies, although their definitions of free cash flow may differ from Sinclair’s definition. Sinclair believes this measure serves as a valuable assessment tool for investors to identify potential trends in the company’s performance.  For the definition of free cash flow, please refer to Sinclair’s website:  http://sbgi.net/investor-relations/#NonGAAP. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sinclair-broadcast-group-to-acquire-tribune-media-company-for-approximately-39-billion-300453087.html SOURCE Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.; Tribune Media Company Related Links http://www.sbgi.net CategoriesUncategorized TagsAcquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers, Conference Call Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CNA Relocates its Cranbury, New Jersey Office to Princeton Next PostNext Cincinnati Financial Corporation Holds Shareholders’ and Directors’ Meetings Search Recent Posts Sales Market Analysis: Global Viral Vectors and Plasmid DNA Manufacturing Market Research Report 2017 Car Wash System Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Global Pet Insurance Industry Revenue and Market Growth Rate Available Online at Orbisresearch.com Clean TeQ Holdings Ltd, Melbourne (CTEQF: OTCQX International) | Change of Director’s Interest Notice Daily Press Briefing by Press Secretary Sean Spicer — #45 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Others China's April trade growth slows as commodities, electronics demand cools Business Standard Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain due to Brexit Goldman Sachs chief executive said London's growth as a financial centre could 'stall' Reuters  |  London  May 8, 2017 Last Updated at 18:16 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVfpJr ALSO READ Nations compete to host investment banks post Brexit due to gap in EU rules Stagger Brexit over years or we will leave: Banks Brexit exodus starts with a trickle as some say banks bluffing London banks' Brexit battle heads to Europe UK govt backs 3-year transition for banks after Brexit: Barclays The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Last week Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London's growth as a financial centre could "stall" as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS, and Citigroup have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union's single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. "It's full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning," said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. "There's no waiting." Although the moves would represent about 2 percent of London's finance jobs, Britain's tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The Institute for Fiscal Studies - a think tank focused on budget issues - said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population will have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit. The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favour opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. Deutsche Bank said on April 26 up to 4,000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit - the largest potential move of any bank. JPMorgan last week announced plans to move hundreds of roles to three European cities in the next two years. This is still significantly lower than the 4,000 figure JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon first estimated before the vote. Estimates for possible finance-related job losses from Brexit are on a broad range from 4,000 to 232,000, according to separate reports by Oliver Wyman and Ernst & Young. Banks are treading carefully, enacting two-stage contingency plans, to avoid losing nervous London-based staff as they work out how many jobs will have to eventually move. This suggests that the numbers could potentially rise further depending on what deal is eventually negotiated between the EU and Britain. This first phase involves small numbers to make sure the requisite licences, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next will depend on the longer-term strategy of a bank's European business. The Bank of England has given finance companies until July 14 to set out their plans. One senior bank executive at a large British bank said forcing companies to make a plan makes it more likely that they will follow through. "It is an unintended consequence, but the more and more preparation you do the more likely you are to execute those plans," the executive said. HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said this week that the bank's previous estimate that around 1000 staff would move to Paris following Britain's vote to leave the EU, was based on a 'hard Brexit' scenario. Most banks are working on the assumption that this is the most likely outcome of the separation talks and would involve losing access to the single market with no special financial services deal and no transition period.     Read More On Brexit | Britain | Banks | Jobs | Global Banks | London | International | Others PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain due to Brexit Goldman Sachs chief executive said London's growth as a financial centre could 'stall' Goldman Sachs chief executive said London's growth as a financial centre could 'stall' The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Last week Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London's growth as a financial centre could "stall" as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS, and Citigroup have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union's single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. "It's full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning," said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. "There's no waiting." Although the moves would represent about 2 percent of London's finance jobs, Britain's tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The Institute for Fiscal Studies - a think tank focused on budget issues - said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population will have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit. The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favour opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. Deutsche Bank said on April 26 up to 4,000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit - the largest potential move of any bank. JPMorgan last week announced plans to move hundreds of roles to three European cities in the next two years. This is still significantly lower than the 4,000 figure JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon first estimated before the vote. Estimates for possible finance-related job losses from Brexit are on a broad range from 4,000 to 232,000, according to separate reports by Oliver Wyman and Ernst & Young. Banks are treading carefully, enacting two-stage contingency plans, to avoid losing nervous London-based staff as they work out how many jobs will have to eventually move. This suggests that the numbers could potentially rise further depending on what deal is eventually negotiated between the EU and Britain. This first phase involves small numbers to make sure the requisite licences, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next will depend on the longer-term strategy of a bank's European business. The Bank of England has given finance companies until July 14 to set out their plans. One senior bank executive at a large British bank said forcing companies to make a plan makes it more likely that they will follow through. "It is an unintended consequence, but the more and more preparation you do the more likely you are to execute those plans," the executive said. HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said this week that the bank's previous estimate that around 1000 staff would move to Paris following Britain's vote to leave the EU, was based on a 'hard Brexit' scenario. Most banks are working on the assumption that this is the most likely outcome of the separation talks and would involve losing access to the single market with no special financial services deal and no transition period.     Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain due to Brexit Goldman Sachs chief executive said London's growth as a financial centre could 'stall' The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Last week Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London's growth as a financial centre could "stall" as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS, and Citigroup have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union's single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. "It's full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning," said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. "There's no waiting." Although the moves would represent about 2 percent of London's finance jobs, Britain's tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The Institute for Fiscal Studies - a think tank focused on budget issues - said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population will have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit. The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favour opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. Deutsche Bank said on April 26 up to 4,000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit - the largest potential move of any bank. JPMorgan last week announced plans to move hundreds of roles to three European cities in the next two years. This is still significantly lower than the 4,000 figure JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon first estimated before the vote. Estimates for possible finance-related job losses from Brexit are on a broad range from 4,000 to 232,000, according to separate reports by Oliver Wyman and Ernst & Young. Banks are treading carefully, enacting two-stage contingency plans, to avoid losing nervous London-based staff as they work out how many jobs will have to eventually move. This suggests that the numbers could potentially rise further depending on what deal is eventually negotiated between the EU and Britain. This first phase involves small numbers to make sure the requisite licences, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next will depend on the longer-term strategy of a bank's European business. The Bank of England has given finance companies until July 14 to set out their plans. One senior bank executive at a large British bank said forcing companies to make a plan makes it more likely that they will follow through. "It is an unintended consequence, but the more and more preparation you do the more likely you are to execute those plans," the executive said. HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said this week that the bank's previous estimate that around 1000 staff would move to Paris following Britain's vote to leave the EU, was based on a 'hard Brexit' scenario. Most banks are working on the assumption that this is the most likely outcome of the separation talks and would involve losing access to the single market with no special financial services deal and no transition period.     Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit Advertisement Business Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. 08 May 2017 07:40PM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail LONDON: The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Last week Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London's growth as a financial center could "stall" as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS , and Citigroup have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union's single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Graphic: http://tmsnrt.rs/2qRZIxW Advertisement Advertisement Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. "It's full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning," said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. "There's no waiting." Although the moves would represent about 2 percent of London's finance jobs, Britain's tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The Institute for Fiscal Studies - a think tank focused on budget issues - said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population will have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit. The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favor opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. Deutsche Bank said on Apr. 26 up to 4,000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit - the largest potential move of any bank. JPMorgan last week announced plans to move hundreds of roles to three European cities in the next two years. This is still significantly lower than the 4,000 figure JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon first estimated before the vote. Estimates for possible finance-related job losses from Brexit are on a broad range from 4,000 to 232,000, according to separate reports by Oliver Wyman and Ernst & Young. Banks are treading carefully, enacting two-stage contingency plans, to avoid losing nervous London-based staff as they work out how many jobs will have to eventually move. This suggests that the numbers could potentially rise further depending on what deal is eventually negotiated between the EU and Britain. This first phase involves small numbers to make sure the requisite licenses, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next will depend on the longer term strategy of a bank's European business. The Bank of England has given finance companies until July 14 to set out their plans. One senior bank executive at a large British bank said forcing companies to make a plan makes it more likely that they will follow through. "It is an unintended consequence, but the more and more preparation you do the more likely you are to execute those plans," the executive said. HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said this week that the bank's previous estimate that around 1000 staff would move to Paris following Britain's vote to leave the EU, was based on a 'hard Brexit' scenario. Most banks are working on the assumption that this is the most likely outcome of the separation talks and would involve losing access to the single market with no special financial services deal and no transition period. (Editing by Anna Willard) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Melco Intl Dev - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Melco Intl Dev with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Ducommun Incorporated (DCO) Issued By B. Riley Tenneco Inc (TEN) Price Target Raised to $71.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Continental Resources, Inc. Forecasted to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $0.62 Per Share (CLR) ResMed Inc. (RMD) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.33 on June 15th Gartner Inc (IT) Receives “Buy” Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Cut to “Neutral” at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Brokers Issue Forecasts for Callaway Golf Co’s FY2017 Earnings (ELY) Insider Selling: Bloomin' Brands Inc (BLMN) Chairman Sells $5,997,750.00 in Stock Pacific Crest Initiates Coverage on Okta Inc (OKTA) Moody's Co.’s (MCO) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Cantor Fitzgerald Territorial Bancorp Inc (TBNK) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 9th Insider Buying: Tungsten Corp PLC (TUNG) Insider Acquires £84,000 in Stock Melco Intl Dev (MDEVF) Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Hold Rating for Jabil Circuit, Inc. (JBL) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Greif, Inc. (GEF) to Sell Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Overweight” Rating for Petra Diamonds Limited (PDL) Ladbrokes Coral Group PLC (LAD) Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital WisdomTree Investments (WETF) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports WEC Energy Group (WEC) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Melco Intl Dev (MDEVF) Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Melco Intl Dev (NASDAQ:MDEVF) was upgraded by research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday, The Fly reports. Shares of Melco Intl Dev (NASDAQ:MDEVF) opened at 2.09 on Monday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $1.88 and its 200-day moving average price is $1.58. Melco Intl Dev has a one year low of $0.98 and a one year high of $2.10. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Melco Intl Dev (MDEVF) Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/melco-intl-dev-mdevf-upgraded-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-to-neutral.html. Receive News & Ratings for Melco Intl Dev Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Melco Intl Dev and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Givaudan Sa - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Givaudan Sa with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Givaudan Sa (GVDNY) Earns Buy Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Polymetal International PLC (POLY) PT Raised to GBX 1,195 at Panmure Gordon OneSavings Bank PLC (OSB) Earns “Buy” Rating from Shore Capital Zix (ZIXI) Earns Media Impact Rating of -0.39 Zayo Group Holdings (ZAYO) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.56 Weight Watchers International (WTW) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Shares Bought by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $761,000 Stake in Astoria Financial Corp (AF) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Purchases 300 Shares of Silicon Laboratories (SLAB) First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown Lowers Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) First Command Financial Services Inc. Boosts Position in Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Baldwin Brothers Inc. MA Raises Position in Bank of America Corp (BAC) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $792,000 Stake in Plexus Corp. (PLXS) Iowa State Bank Buys 3,257 Shares of QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Otonomy Inc (OTIC) to “Buy” Paragon Commercial Corp (PBNC) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research FY2017 EPS Estimates for LightPath Technologies, Inc. Increased by Dougherty & Co (LPTH) Gabelli Comments on Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (LXRX) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd’s FY2017 Earnings (OR) TrovaGene Inc (TROV) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Givaudan Sa (GVDNY) Earns Buy Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Givaudan Sa (NASDAQ:GVDNY)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued on Monday. A number of other brokerages have also weighed in on GVDNY. Sanford C. Bernstein reaffirmed a “sell” rating on shares of Givaudan Sa in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Givaudan Sa in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Evercore ISI initiated coverage on Givaudan Sa in a research report on Monday, February 13th. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a “sell” rating on shares of Givaudan Sa in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, Berenberg Bank reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Givaudan Sa in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. Givaudan Sa has an average rating of “Hold”. Givaudan Sa (NASDAQ:GVDNY) opened at 39.74 on Monday. Givaudan Sa has a 52 week low of $34.45 and a 52 week high of $42.92. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $37.50 and its 200 day moving average is $36.61. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Givaudan Sa (GVDNY) Earns Buy Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/givaudan-sa-gvdny-earns-buy-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Receive News & Ratings for Givaudan Sa Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Givaudan Sa and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Tue 9 May companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features the zuma era wef africa - durban 2017 trump's america NEWS POLITICS business business report personal finance SPORT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE MOTORING TRAVEL Multimedia NEWSPAPERS Classifieds Cape Community About IOL economy Economy All Business Report Companies | Economy | Energy | Markets Markets Shares Currencies Commodities Market Indicators | Entrepreneurs | Technology | Careers | International | Opinion | Financial Tools | About Us | Contact Us | Advertisement Banks to move 9 000 jobs from Britain Economy | 8 May 2017, 1:05pm Anjuli Davies and Andrew MacAskill London - The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9 000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Last week Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Share this story File image Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London's growth as a financial centre could "stall" as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS, and Citigroup have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union's single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Read also: International banks to move jobs to Frankfurt  Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. "It's full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning," said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. "There's no waiting." Although the moves would represent about 2 percent of London's finance jobs, Britain's tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The Institute for Fiscal Studies - a think tank focused on budget issues - said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population will have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit. The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favour opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. Deutsche Bank said on Apr. 26 up to 4 000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit - the largest potential move of any bank. JPMorgan last week announced plans to move hundreds of roles to three European cities in the next two years. This is still significantly lower than the 4 000 figure JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon first estimated before the vote. Estimates for possible finance-related job losses from Brexit are on a broad range from 4 000 to 232 000, according to separate reports by Oliver Wyman and Ernst & Young. Banks are treading carefully, enacting two-stage contingency plans, to avoid losing nervous London-based staff as they work out how many jobs will have to eventually move. This suggests that the numbers could potentially rise further depending on what deal is eventually negotiated between the EU and Britain. This first phase involves small numbers to make sure the requisite licences, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next will depend on the longer term strategy of a bank's European business. The Bank of England has given finance companies until July 14 to set out their plans. One senior bank executive at a large British bank said forcing companies to make a plan makes it more likely that they will follow through. "It is an unintended consequence, but the more and more preparation you do the more likely you are to execute those plans," the executive said. HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said this week that the bank's previous estimate that around 1000 staff would move to Paris following Britain's vote to leave the EU, was based on a 'hard Brexit' scenario. Most banks are working on the assumption that this is the most likely outcome of the separation talks and would involve losing access to the single market with no special financial services deal and no transition period. REUTERS  Share this story Recommended For You Most Read 1 UWC student raped in campus bathroom 2 Alleged Cape gang boss shot in drive-by 3 ‘Raped by dad and brother’ 4 One dies as alleged gang boss is wounded in shooting 5 Fashion designer shot dead by cop at birthday party Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © 2016 Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
09/05/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views World 09/05/2017 Venezuela's opposition calls on the people to defend the constitution Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view ""Defend the constitution"" Henrique Capriles Opposition leader World 08/05/2017 What Emmanuel Macron has said about Brexit Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "What is going to happen is not 'taking back control', it's servitude" Emmanuel Macron French President-elect World 08/05/2017 "Calais mon amour": how a National Front supporter fell in love with a migrant Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I owe him my most beautiful love story" Béatrice Huret World 08/05/2017 Macron's victory gets muted reaction from financial markets Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Macron has a massive amount to do. What's required is major surgery." Robert Halver Baader Bank anlayst World 08/05/2017 Extremists’ prey - the young and vulnerable Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "After they discover the reality, they cannot take a step back." Mohamed Sameh Amr Egypt delegate to UNESCO Sci-tech 08/05/2017 3D in the air Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Without GPS, we lose stabilization of the drone; it is very complicated." Frederic Bezombes Mechatronic Engineer World 08/05/2017 Markets react positively to Macron victory Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The political risks in Europe have receded" Norihiro Fujito Senior investment strategist World 07/05/2017 Le Pen supporters boo results Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The French have chosen a new President of the Republic and have voted for continuity" Marine Le Pen Leader, National Front more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit Aa Aa Now Reading: Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit 08/05/2017 Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit REUTERS 08/05/2017 By Anjuli Davies and Andrew MacAskill LONDON (Reuters) – The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Last week Standard Chartered <STAN.L> and JPMorgan <JPM.N> were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Goldman Sachs <GS.N> chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London’s growth as a financial centre could “stall” as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS <UBSG.S>, and Citigroup <C.N> have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union’s single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. “It’s full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning,” said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. “There’s no waiting.” Although the moves would represent about 2 percent of London’s finance jobs, Britain’s tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The Institute for Fiscal Studies – a think tank focused on budget issues – said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population will have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit. London Finance job moves – http://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/rngs/BRITAIN-EU-BANKS/0100411D26L/index.html The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favour opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. Deutsche Bank <DBKGn.DE> said on Apr. 26 up to 4,000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit – the largest potential move of any bank. JPMorgan last week announced plans to move hundreds of roles to three European cities in the next two years. This is still significantly lower than the 4,000 figure JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon first estimated before the vote. Estimates for possible finance-related job losses from Brexit are on a broad range from 4,000 to 232,000, according to separate reports by Oliver Wyman and Ernst & Young. Banks are treading carefully, enacting two-stage contingency plans, to avoid losing nervous London-based staff as they work out how many jobs will have to eventually move. This suggests that the numbers could potentially rise further depending on what deal is eventually negotiated between the EU and Britain. This first phase involves small numbers to make sure the requisite licences, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next will depend on the longer term strategy of a bank’s European business. The Bank of England has given finance companies until July 14 to set out their plans. One senior bank executive at a large British bank said forcing companies to make a plan makes it more likely that they will follow through. “It is an unintended consequence, but the more and more preparation you do the more likely you are to execute those plans,” the executive said. HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said this week that the bank’s previous estimate that around 1000 staff would move to Paris following Britain’s vote to leave the EU, was based on a ‘hard Brexit’ scenario. Most banks are working on the assumption that this is the most likely outcome of the separation talks and would involve losing access to the single market with no special financial services deal and no transition period. (Editing by Anna Willard) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories France 09/05/2017 Macron and Le Pen seek to widen support ahead of legislative polls world news 08/05/2017 Five things to learn from France's presidential election France 08/05/2017 Hollande gets a warm welcome from Merkel Most viewed USA 08/05/2017 Secret space plane lands in Florida world news 08/05/2017 US experts: Macron’s victory good news for the EU – disappointment for Trump France 08/05/2017 Post-election protests grip Paris economy 08/05/2017 TurkStream gas pipeline: work starts world news 08/05/2017 What Emmanuel Macron has said about Brexit Editor's choice world news 08/05/2017 What Emmanuel Macron has said about Brexit world news 08/05/2017 "Calais mon amour": how a National Front supporter fell in love with a migrant world news 08/05/2017 US experts: Macron’s victory good news for the EU – disappointment for Trump Flashback: one year ago Russia 09/05/2016 Russia and Ukraine mark Victory Day brussels bureau 09/05/2016 The Brief from Brussels: Greece looms large over EU once more Brazil 09/05/2016 Rousseff lives to lead another day: Brazil's lower house suspends impeachment... Philippines 09/05/2016 Outspoken mayor Duterte leads Philippines presidential vote in early count economy 09/05/2016 Challenges ahead for Khalid al-Falih, Saudi Arabia's new energy minister Editor's choice world news 08/05/2017 What Emmanuel Macron has said about Brexit world news 08/05/2017 "Calais mon amour": how a National Front supporter fell in love with a migrant world news 08/05/2017 US experts: Macron’s victory good news for the EU – disappointment for Trump world news 08/05/2017 Europe stands with refugees - do you? world news 05/05/2017 Cannes festival looks to future for 70th edition world news 04/05/2017 The politically-incorrect Prince: The Duke of Edinburgh's best one-liners world news 04/05/2017 Afghanistan: U.S. army photographer captures blast that killed her and four... world news 04/05/2017 Huge new iceberg twice the size of Luxembourg 'could be imminent' no comment 30/04/2017 Finns compete in annual hobby horse championship Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Browse today's tags French presidential election 2017 France Emmanuel Macron French politics Marine Le Pen Donald Trump European Union USA Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets & Services Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
X Close with photo without photo Print     Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper BUSINESS CATEGORIES Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper BUSINESS Daily Sabah > Business Close Global banks to move 9,000 jobs from London because of Brexit REUTERS LONDON Published Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Permalink Share via e-mail TO ADD A MESSAGE 
 YOUR E-MAIL VERIFICATION CODE A view of offices of US bank JP Morgan in London on May 5, 2017 (AFP Photo) The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Last week Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London's growth as a financial centre could "stall" as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS, and Citigroup have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union's single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. "It's full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning," said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. "There's no waiting." Although the moves would represent about 2 percent of London's finance jobs, Britain's tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The Institute for Fiscal Studies - a think tank focused on budget issues - said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population will have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit. The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favour opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. Deutsche Bank said on Apr. 26 up to 4,000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit - the largest potential move of any bank. JPMorgan last week announced plans to move hundreds of roles to three European cities in the next two years. This is still significantly lower than the 4,000 figure JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon first estimated before the vote. Estimates for possible finance-related job losses from Brexit are on a broad range from 4,000 to 232,000, according to separate reports by Oliver Wyman and Ernst & Young. Banks are treading carefully, enacting two-stage contingency plans, to avoid losing nervous London-based staff as they work out how many jobs will have to eventually move. This suggests that the numbers could potentially rise further depending on what deal is eventually negotiated between the EU and Britain. This first phase involves small numbers to make sure the requisite licences, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next will depend on the longer term strategy of a bank's European business. The Bank of England has given finance companies until July 14 to set out their plans. One senior bank executive at a large British bank said forcing companies to make a plan makes it more likely that they will follow through. "It is an unintended consequence, but the more and more preparation you do the more likely you are to execute those plans," the executive said. HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said this week that the bank's previous estimate that around 1000 staff would move to Paris following Britain's vote to leave the EU, was based on a 'hard Brexit' scenario. Most banks are working on the assumption that this is the most likely outcome of the separation talks and would involve losing access to the single market with no special financial services deal and no transition period. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous in Business Turkish industrial output was higher in March compared to the same... Next in Business Turkish citizens have acquired over a thousand houses in the Spanish... DAILY SABAH RECOMMENDS United sends passenger 4,800 km in wrong direction Homepage Turkey Istanbul Ankara Education Investigations Minorities Expat Corner Politics Diplomacy Legislation War On Terror EU Affairs Elections World Mid-East Balkans Europe Americas Asia Pacific Africa Syrian Crisis İslamophobia Business Real Estate Automotive Economy Energy Finance Tourism Tech Defense Today’s Paper Illustration Gallery RSS Sports Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life Feature Health Environment Travel Food Fashion Science Religion History Arts Cinema Music Events Books Portrait Opinion Columns Op-Ed Reader's Corner Editorial Subscriptions Advertise Privacy About Us Contact Us
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kapil Mishra Emmanuel Macron Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Bahubali 2 News Business News Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit Shares1 Mon, 8 May 2017-04:10pm , Reuters The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Last week Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London's growth as a financial centre could "stall" as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS, and Citigroup have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union's single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. "It's full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning," said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. "There's no waiting." Although the moves would represent about 2 percent of London's finance jobs, Britain's tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The Institute for Fiscal Studies - a think tank focused on budget issues - said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population will have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit. The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favour opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. Deutsche Bank said on Apr. 26 up to 4,000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit - the largest potential move of any bank. JPMorgan last week announced plans to move hundreds of roles to three European cities in the next two years. This is still significantly lower than the 4,000 figure JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon first estimated before the vote. Estimates for possible finance-related job losses from Brexit are on a broad range from 4,000 to 232,000, according to separate reports by Oliver Wyman and Ernst & Young. Banks are treading carefully, enacting two-stage contingency plans, to avoid losing nervous London-based staff as they work out how many jobs will have to eventually move. This suggests that the numbers could potentially rise further depending on what deal is eventually negotiated between the EU and Britain. This first phase involves small numbers to make sure the requisite licences, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next will depend on the longer term strategy of a bank's European business. The Bank of England has given finance companies until July 14 to set out their plans. One senior bank executive at a large British bank said forcing companies to make a plan makes it more likely that they will follow through. "It is an unintended consequence, but the more and more preparation you do the more likely you are to execute those plans," the executive said. HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said this week that the bank's previous estimate that around 1000 staff would move to Paris following Britain's vote to leave the EU, was based on a 'hard Brexit' scenario. Most banks are working on the assumption that this is the most likely outcome of the separation talks and would involve losing access to the single market with no special financial services deal and no transition period. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < SC seeks 'detailed reply' from Centre on ban of female genital mutilation   Comments   Also Read Money Canara Bank's captial adequacy much above RBI's benchmark: MD Rakesh Sharma Money Invoice matching mechanism in GST to check frauds: Arun Jaitley Money India to grow at 7.7% in 2018-19: IMF Money Asia stocks, dollar subdued as market seeks next catalyst, oil rises Delhi Real estate firm booked after ceiling falls on tenant Money DNA Money Edit: Clear and simple guidelines needed for private sector boost in defence < Previous ArticleNext Article > SC seeks 'detailed reply' from Centre on ban of female genital mutilation Related India to grow 8% next fiscal as GST benefits kick in: Shaktikanta Das HSBC wins mandate for $100 billion Saudi Aramco IPO: CEO Asian stocks, euro steady as markets pause for breath after French election Video Watch: Adorable reaction of school friends to 7-year-old Anu's new pink blade prosthetic leg WATCH: Airplane bursts into flames before crashing into Washington traffic WATCH: Singers Roopkumar and Sunali Rathod sing to Eman before she departs for Abu Dhabi View all Tags European Union London Frankfurt Dublin Goldman Sachs Jamie Dimon Stuart Gulliver Bank of America Citigroup Credit Suisse Deutsche Bank England Ernst & Young HSBC Lloyd Blankfein Oliver Wyman PARIS Standard Chartered UBS UK Britain SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News After challenging Kejriwal, Kapil Mishra now threatens with 'hunger strike' Sikh man in US for two decades detained, fears deportation DDCA controversy: HC seeks Jaitley stand on Kejriwal plea US: Hate crimes against Muslims increased by 57% in 2016, says report UK Labour leader Corbyn: I won't quit if I lose election Sport Fit-again Kashyap racing against time for CWG qualification EPL: Arsenal not giving up the Champions League chase, says Granit Xhaka Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Tuesday, May 9 Sri Lanka great Mahela Jayawardene joins Lancashire after Mumbai Indians coaching stint SHOWCASE-Soccer-Palace's game against Hull bigger than cup final: Allardyce Entertainment Mandira Bedi's AMAZING transformation will leave you amazed, check pic! SEE PICTURES: Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli SPOTTED on a lunch date! Jason Aldean, Brittany Kerr expecting first child together Kareena Kapoor to be new face of Dabur Amla hair oil NOT Karan Johar! Salman Khan to LAUNCH Sara Ali Khan and Aayush Sharma Money Techmagnate acquires BlogX, the largest blog conference in India @ 5/9/2017 11:46:08 AM Lexus launches LX 450d SUV at Rs 2.32 crore INSIGHT-Dismantling nuclear: German power firms sell new skills British exporters see few long-term gains from sterling windfall GLOBAL-MARKETS-Asia stocks, dollar subdued after French relief, S.Korea voted eyed Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance E.On Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for E.On Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Siemens AG (SIE) a €135.00 Price Target Siemens AG (SIE) PT Set at €125.00 by Barclays PLC E.On Se (EOAN) PT Set at €7.75 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Redrow plc (RDW) Independent Research GmbH Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target CSI Compressco LP (CCLP) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Volkswagen AG (VOW3) PT Set at €155.00 by Warburg Research Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates €45.00 Price Target for Salzgitter AG (SZG) Salzgitter AG (SZG) PT Set at €22.00 by Commerzbank Ag Novadaq Technologies Inc. to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.25) Per Share, William Blair Forecasts (NVDQ) OneMain Holdings Inc (OMF) Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.83 Per Share OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.07 Per Share Timmins Gold Corp. (TMM) Rating Reiterated by Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Reiterates Buy Rating for Whitecap Resources Inc. (WCP) Uni Select Inc (UNS) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Whitecap Resources Inc. (WCP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Trilogy Energy Corp (TET) Price Target Lowered to C$7.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Trilogy Energy Corp’s (TET) Hold Rating Reiterated at TD Securities Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc (BW) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Senior plc (SNR) E.On Se (EOAN) PT Set at €7.75 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet E.On Se (FRA:EOAN) has been assigned a €7.75 ($8.42) price target by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report issued on Thursday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Several other analysts also recently commented on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €8.70 ($9.46) price objective on shares of E.On Se and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Bank of America Corp set a €6.40 ($6.96) price objective on shares of E.On Se and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Independent Research GmbH set a €7.90 ($8.59) price objective on shares of E.On Se and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Barclays PLC set a €8.50 ($9.24) price objective on shares of E.On Se and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, Nord/LB set a €6.00 ($6.52) price objective on shares of E.On Se and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of €7.66 ($8.32). E.On Se (FRA:EOAN) opened at 7.158 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is €7.23 and its 200-day moving average is €6.90. E.On Se has a one year low of €6.00 and a one year high of €8.56. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “E.On Se (EOAN) PT Set at €7.75 by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/07/e-on-se-eoan-pt-set-at-7-75-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Receive News & Ratings for E.On Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for E.On Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Federal Budget 2017 Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Comment Insight World  Mining Banking Aviation Energy Media China Budget Events Home Business News Banking May 8 2017 Save Print License article Westpac tips housing to cool as it unveils $4.017b profit Mathew Dunckley Follow on Facebook Follow on Google Plus Follow on Twitter facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Westpac has tipped the country's housing market to cool but not crash as it unveiled an $4.017 billion cash profit for the first half of the financial year. The profit result was up 3 per cent of the year in line with the 3 per cent lift in revenue $10.77 billion. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Xenophon negotiates $100m for advanced manufacturing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:56 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 04:07 Banks face tighter capital rules Banks face tighter capital rules JPMorgan Australia Banks Analyst Scott Manning discusses his outlook for Australia and New Zealand banks and talks about the housing market. Up Next Xenophon negotiates $100m for advanced manufacturing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:56 Video duration 00:56 Xenophon negotiates $100m for advanced ... Xenophon negotiates $100m for advanced manufacturing Senator Nick Xenophon praises the government's decision to allocate $100m for advanced manufacturing in the 2017 Federal Budget. Up Next Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:24 Video duration 01:24 Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Apple has reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales for its second quarter, indicating that customers may have held back purchases in anticipation of the 10th-anniversary edition of the company's most important product later this year. Up Next Here's how Apple's numbers impact its suppliers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 04:06 Video duration 04:06 Here's how Apple's numbers impact its ... Here's how Apple's numbers impact its suppliers Apple reported falling iPhone sales, highlighting the need to deliver blockbuster new features in the next edition of the flagship device if the company is to fend off rivals like Samsung. Up Next Apple falls, Wall Street rallies Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:09 Video duration 01:09 Apple falls, Wall Street rallies Apple falls, Wall Street rallies Disappointing iPhone sales has led to a drop in Apple shares. Up Next Victorian budget 2017: Josh Gordon's analysis Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:27 Video duration 01:27 Victorian budget 2017: Josh Gordon's ... Victorian budget 2017: Josh Gordon's analysis What were the big ticket items from this year's Victorian budget? State political editor Josh Gordon boils it down. Up Next Victorian budget 2017: Winners and losers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:45 Video duration 02:45 Victorian budget 2017: Winners and losers Victorian budget 2017: Winners and losers Who are the winners and losers from this year's Victorian state budget? Up Next Interest rates going nowhere Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:27 Video duration 01:27 Interest rates going nowhere Interest rates going nowhere The Reserve Bank continues to keep interest rates on hold. Eryk Bagshaw explains the logic. More videos Banks face tighter capital rules JPMorgan Australia Banks Analyst Scott Manning discusses his outlook for Australia and New Zealand banks and talks about the housing market. "This is a solid result given the current complex operating environment," Westpac chief executive Brian Harrtzer said. "We have been disciplined in balancing growth and returns with cash earnings up 3 per ent over both the previous half and the same period last year." Related Content NAB lifts profit to $3.29 billion despite bad debt rise ANZ Bank has the cash to buy back shares, analysts say IG Markets' Chris Weston said expectations were for a $4.021 billion profit. although the bank did match prediction of 94 cent dividend and a 14 per cent returns on equity. Investors cautiously welcomed the news lifting the stock 14 cents - about 0.41 per cent - to $34 by late morning. Advertisement Mr Hartzer sounded a positive note on the economic outlook saying the bank expected slightly above trend at 3 per cent. Although he noted that could be mixed across the country.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Brian Hartzer, chief executive officer of Westpac. Photo: Bloomberg "We remain positive about the Australian housing market, although we expect price growth to moderate through 2017," he said. "2017 financial system credit is expected to grow at around 5.5 per cent. Housing credit growth is likely to ease a little as demand slows." Customers more than 90 days before on their loans remained low by historical standards and 70 per cent of the bank's customers were ahead on their repayments, he said. The result came after the Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ) posted a $3.4 billion profit last week and National Australia Bank announced a $3.29 billion profit a few days later. Both those banks played up a focus on costs in their results as margins were crunched and growth hard to find and Mr Hartzer did likewise in a statement to the ASX on Monday morning. The bank flagged that its expenses were up just 1 per cent for the half well ahead of its goal to keep cost increases between 2 and 3 per cent. "Our consumer and business banks continued to grow in targeted areas but margins were affected by higher funding costs," he said. "The benefits of our strategy are also clear in this result. We've digitised more processes which is improving service for customers while also bringing costs down." The bank's net interest margin reduced to 2.07 per cent in the face of what it described as a "sharp" increase in its funding costs. Citi analysts, led by Craig Williams, said that decline in margin was the "key surprise" but predicted they could "rebound a little" this year. "But the risk to already weak sector revenue trends is heightening given regulatory actions," they said, in an apparent reference to action by the prudential regulator to tighten lending rules. "As with peers, the share price strength defies challenging operating conditions for the industry." Overall they described the bank's revenue performance was disappointing but the performance on cost control was good. The consumer bank provided the bulk of earnings for the half ($1.5 billion, up 5 per cent compared to the same half last year) while the institutional bank was the fastest growing ($700 million in earnings, up 34 per cent compared to lage year). The bank posted 6 per cent loan growth in its consumer bank, 3 per cent in its business bank and 7 per cent in its New Zealand operation.But the institutional bank went backwards by 5 per cent. More to come Advertisement HuffPost Australia 'Prime Minister Trumble' Speaks At ... Contains: External link Ways To Beat Energy Price Rises Contains: External link Most Popular Bank rout wipes out $30 billion in value Quiz: How well do you know the federal budget? Retailers on verge of a 'recession' Dole demerit point system touted in latest budget leaks Australians can't rely on Qantas as Dreamliner set to be a nightmare Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Bank rout wipes out $30 billion in value Australians can't rely on Qantas as Dreamliner set to be a nightmare Dole demerit point system touted in latest budget leaks 'All too much for Myer' - Brutal note crashes Myer Quiz: How well do you know the federal budget? Canberra Times Computer glitch hits super payments of thousands of public servants No pants were the new pants at Canberra's Groovin The Moo The private battle of Canberra newsreader Craig Allen The Canberra schools losing funds have been revealed Australian customs destroys unique lichen specimens in quarantine mix-up The Sydney Morning Herald Trump protection in first 100 days soars to $40 million Australian customs destroys unique lichen specimens in quarantine mix-up Qantas boss Alan Joyce jokes he needs a decent drycleaner after cream pie incident 'Mini-Anzac Bridge' unveiled as next link in the track for the metro Woman indecently assaulted on Sydney Harbour Bridge: police The Age Collingwood legend Lou Richards dies 'All too much for Myer' - Brutal note crashes Myer Tram ticket inspectors 'demand to see woman's banking details' Qantas boss Alan Joyce jokes he needs a decent drycleaner after cream pie incident Trump protection in first 100 days soars to $40 million Brisbane Times Church leader raped choir girls: Qld court Accusations fly as bitter contractual dispute with BCC deepens Man in custody after woman bashed at Airbnb in Brisbane 'All too much for Myer' - Brutal note crashes Myer Missing army officer may have led a 'double life': inquest WA Today SAT finds Lisa Scaffidi guilty of 45 serious breaches of Local Government Act Panty sniffer the 'most disgusting thing I've seen' Boat lost on Freo road 'at least stopped at traffic lights' Qantas boss Alan Joyce jokes he needs a decent drycleaner after cream pie incident Vaginal mesh implant destroyed my life: Perth mum speaks out Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
up next: now reading: Glass-Steagall Reboot: A Cure That's Worse Than the Initial Disease banka Glass-Steagall Reboot: A Cure That's Worse Than the Initial Disease By Allan Golombek May 08, 2017 banka X Story Stream recent articles Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Entry: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... The emerging bid to restore the Glass-Steagall law has been gathering steam largely because many see it as a way to avoid future financial meltdowns. But this is a case where the supposed cure would not prevent the disease – and might very well cause unpleasant side effects. The 1999 repeal of key sections of Glass-Steagall, which erected a wall between commercial banks and securities activities, is blamed by many for the 2008 financial collapse. But it is hard to see how. Not a single one of the biggest culprits in the financial meltdown – Lehman Brothers, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, AIG, Merrill or Bear Stearns – was the kind of financial hybrid that Glass-Steagall sought to prevent. Most of the problems that sprung up among financial institutions in 2008 were among pure-play institutions, primarily investment banks – whose bets weren’t being backed by insured deposits. J.P. Morgan Chase and Bank of America were already in both the commercial and investment banking business by 2008; not only did they not collapse, they were positioned to rescue others. In fact, if Glass-Steagall had still been in place in 2008, the financial collapse would probably have come earlier and its impact would have been worse. The investment bank Bear Stearns was saved from bankruptcy by J.P. Morgan Chase – a rescue that would not have been possible if the latter was still restricted from having an investment banking arm. Similarly, Glass-Steagall would have barred Bank of America from taking over Merrill. We might have seen the impact of the Lehman collapse times three. Moreover, if allowing banks to have both commercial and investment banking divisions threatens the security of the banking system, why was Canada almost the only country in the G7 to get through the 2008 crisis without losing a financial institution? Canada knocked down the walls between commercial and investment banking (and insurance) in the 1990s, and hasn’t required banks to shed any of their activities since. Americans who are concerned by the shrinking number of banks should look north, where for decades only five banks have competed across Canada. (And are increasingly able to compete outside the nation’s borders.) So what are the advantages of going backward? Separating commercial banks off doesn’t prevent them from making bad bets on mortgages; it only prevents them from making up for them through other revenue streams. Separating them doesn’t prevent them from becoming ‘too big to fail.’ If J.P. Morgan Chase was forced to split off their investment banking from commercial banking arms, both would still be huge – and the failure of either could still trigger economic turmoil. The same is true for other behemoths like Citi and Bank of America. President Trump’s biggest complaint about banking is that lenders aren’t extending enough money. (Despite the fact that commercial lending is at a record level according to the Federal Reserve). Would he be happy if splitting off investment from commercial banking caused large banks to pursue more conservative lending policies, at least during a transition period? There is a reason that the bill to eliminate the key sections of Glass-Steagall in 1999 was signed by a Democratic president, with the support of overwhelming majorities of both parties in the Senate and the House. The parties were able to work together because majorities in both recognized a need to grow financial institutions large enough to compete on the world stage, and offer a wide range of products and services, backed by the most up-to-date technology. And there was a desire for banks of all sizes and stripes to be able to offer their customers deposit, lending, brokerage and insurance services under one roof. The need is especially acute during periods characterized by low interest rates, when shrinking spreads between banks’ borrowing costs and the rates at which they can lend requires them to diversify into other areas. The decision to replace Glass-Steagall with Gramm-Leach-Bliley was simply a case of the law catching up with reality. Reality hasn’t changed – neither should the law. Allan Golombek is a Senior Director at the White House Writers Group.  Related Topics: Banking, Glass-Steagall, Allan Golombek Comment Show commentsHide Comments RCE Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related Articles Search Stock Quotes Sponsored by Markets delayed 20 minutes. © quotemedia.com More Market Data Commodity Prices Please Enable Javascript for this Oil Price widget to work Sign up for RC newsletters Partner Videos ©2017 RealClearMarkets | Go to full site
Energy Search Search WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: May 9 marketsWall Street’s ‘Fear Index’ Has Hit a Two-Decade Low JapanIMF Warns Asian Countries to Act Now Before Aging Populations ‘Tax’ Growth PoliticsTrump Pushes to Fill Federal Bench Vacancies With Conservative Nominees A protester holds up sings as indigenous leaders and climate activists disrupt business at a Chase Bank branch in Seattle, Washington on May 8, 2017.  Jason Redmond—AFP/Getty Images Fortune 500 Anti-Pipeline Protestors Shut Down Chase Banks in Seattle Reuters 1:28 AM ET Native American leaders and climate activists protested at several Chase branches in Seattle on Monday, forcing them to close temporarily as demonstrators demanded the bank not lend to projects like the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Police said 26 people were arrested by late afternoon. Activists said they disrupted operations at 11 Chase branches, and two other branches closed as well. Darcy Donahoe-Wilmot, a spokeswoman for Chase, which is a unit of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co (jpm), declined to comment. At a branch in downtown Seattle, about 50 protesters occupied the main lobby, where they made speeches, sang songs, held signs and banners and even ordered a tall stack of pizzas before police blocked the doors. At another Seattle branch, a handful of protesters went inside while two others locked themselves by their necks to the front doors with bicycle locks. "I have a personal responsibility to make sure we have a livable climate," said a protester who locked herself to the door and would only identify herself as 21-year-old Andrea from Olympia, Washington. Organizers of the protests aimed to dissuade Chase from lending to the companies behind two major oil infrastructure projects, the Keystone XL pipeline and Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion, and tar sands oil production in general. Protesters said they were fighting global warming. Keystone XL is a project of TransCanada Corp (trp) and Trans Mountain Pipeline is a project of Kinder Morgan (kmi). For more about the Keystone XL pipeline, watch Fortune's video: These efforts echo similar efforts with other banks as activists have shifted to targeting the financial backers of the pipelines rather than sites like the Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota, where thousands protested last year. Bank are more sensitive to bad publicity than the pipeline companies, said Seattle city council member Mike O'Brien, who participated in one of the protests on Monday. "It's a relatively small percentage of their overall portfolio," protest organizer Ahmed Gaya said of the banks' stakes in various oil and gas pipelines. "If you can make that very small part ... have a vastly disproportionate effect on their public image, that's very persuasive." In April, Citigroup (c) executives conceded they had approved investments in the Dakota pipeline too quickly after a noisy protest at its annual shareholder meeting, while Greenpeace activists protested Credit Suisse's dealings with companies behind the same pipeline. The previous month, Dutch bank ING Groep agreed to sell its $120 million share of a loan for the Dakota pipeline. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alstom SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alstom SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alstom SA (ALO) PT Set at €35.00 by S&P Global Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Enel S.p.A. (ENEL) PT Set at €5.40 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Nomura Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Coach Inc (COH) Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP) Downgraded by Robert W. Baird Korea Equity Fund Inc. (KEF) Sets New 12-Month High on Insider Buying Activity B2Gold Corp. (BTO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by TD Securities Ballard Power Systems’ (BLD) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at HC Wainwright TD Securities Reaffirms Hold Rating for Bombardier, Inc. (BBD.B) Allied Properties Real Estate Investment (AP.UN) Rating Increased to Outperform at National Bank Financial Alamos Gold Inc (AGI) Rating Increased to Buy at TD Securities Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.15) Per Share Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) Lifted by Oppenheimer Holdings KeyCorp Weighs in on Wingstop Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (WING) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Willdan Group, Inc. (WLDN) Reduced by Seaport Global Securities $864.51 Million in Sales Expected for Ctrip.Com International Ltd (CTRP) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Expect Novadaq Technologies Inc. (NVDQ) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.22 Per Share $39.29 Million in Sales Expected for Brightcove Inc (BCOV) This Quarter $0.63 EPS Expected for HomeStreet Inc (HMST) This Quarter Capital Analysts LLC Sells 4,127 Shares of Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) Alstom SA (ALO) PT Set at €35.00 by S&P Global May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Alstom SA (EPA:ALO) has been assigned a €35.00 ($38.04) price target by investment analysts at S&P Global in a research report issued on Friday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts have also issued reports on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €28.30 ($30.76) price target on Alstom SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €28.00 ($30.43) price target on Alstom SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Alstom SA in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a €27.20 ($29.57) price target on Alstom SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, February 20th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of €28.91 ($31.42). Alstom SA (EPA:ALO) opened at 29.89 on Friday. Alstom SA has a one year low of €19.04 and a one year high of €29.98. The stock’s 50 day moving average is €27.96 and its 200 day moving average is €26.41. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/alstom-sa-alo-pt-set-at-35-00-by-sp-global.html. About Alstom SA Alstom SA (Alstom) offers rail transport equipment, systems, services and signaling for urban, suburban, regional and main line passenger transportation, as well as for freight transportation. The Company’s portfolio includes trains, signaling solutions, integrated systems (including infrastructure) and services. Receive News & Ratings for Alstom SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alstom SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Advert Tuesday, May 9, 2017 17°C [Forecast]   Sign in or Create your Account Sign in Use your timesofmalta.com account to login: Email: Password: Create your Account Need help signing in? Or Sign in with Facebook or Google Times of Malta Homepage Advert Premium articles Popular stories Digital Archive e-Paper Subscribe to Premium Timestalk News National World Social & Personal Education Interview Environment Gozo Pictures Religion Videos Odd News Sport Football Formula 1 Basketball Waterpolo Horse Racing Shooting Rugby Tennis Athletics Business News International Market Analysis Comment Technology Features Consumer Affairs Comment Editorial Opinion Letters Blogs Cartoons Life Health & Fitness Features Fashion & Beauty Homes Motoring Escape Arts & Entertainment Travel Food & Drink Books ARTE Classifieds Property For Sale Property Wanted To Let Vehicles For Sale Situations Vacant For Sale More » Careers Finance and Legal Management IT and Engineering Sales and Marketing Services Digital Archive e-Paper Book Store Sudoku Weather Letters to the editor Tuesday, May 9, 2017, 06:25 by Anjuli Davies and Andrew MacAskill, Reuters Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Last week Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS, and Citigroup have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union’s single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been under way for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. Although the moves would represent about two per cent of London’s finance jobs, Britain’s tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Most banks are working on the assumption that the most likely outcome of the separation talks would involve losing access to the single market with no special financial services deal and notransition period. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favour opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. « Global stocks, euro fall as traders cash in French election bets Details on Menqa concession at RFP stage » Advert See our Comments Policy Comments are submitted under the express understanding and condition that the editor may, and is authorised to, disclose any/all of the above personal information to any person or entity requesting the information for the purposes of legal action on grounds that such person or entity is aggrieved by any comment so submitted. Please allow some time for your comment to be moderated. Comments not loading? We recommend using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox with javascript turned on. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus   Advert Similar Stories Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from... Popular Stories EU27: the Brexit issues Sanofi – an equity to consider for your... The innovation that we need Shipping movements Details on Menqa concession at RFP stage Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from... Global stocks, euro fall as traders cash... EU pollutant limits threaten large coal... Chinese bank payment networks surge as... The Strickland Foundation Advert X Popup Times of Malta Premium This article is part of our premium content. You have exceeded your 10 free articles for this month. A subscription is required to access Times of Malta content from overseas. Register to get 10 free articles per month. Subscribe to gain access to our premium content and services. Your subscription will also enable you to view all of the week's e-paper editions (both Times of Malta and The Sunday Times of Malta), view exclusive content, have full access to our newspaper archive to download editions from 1930 to today, and access the website in full from overseas. All of this will also be available to you from our tablet and mobile apps. Already have an account? Sign in here. Subscribe to continue reading Send us your story | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Comments Policy | Print Ad Rate | Online Ad Rate | Contact us | Report a bug | Copyright © 2017 timesofmalta.com Copyright © Allied Newspapers Ltd., printed on - 09-05-2017 - Printed content is for personal use only, and should not be distributed
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Some Chase Branches in Seattle Closed by Protests Over Pipeline Loans ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Some Chase Branches in Seattle Closed by Protests Over Pipeline Loans Published May 09, 2017 Industries Reuters Facebook Twitter Print (REUTERS/David Ryder) Native American leaders and climate activists protested at several Chase branches in Seattle on Monday, forcing them to close temporarily as demonstrators demanded the bank not lend to projects like the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Continue Reading Below Police said 26 people were arrested by late afternoon. Activists said they disrupted operations at 11 Chase branches, and two other branches closed as well. Darcy Donahoe-Wilmot, a spokeswoman for Chase, which is a unit of JP Morgan Chase, declined to comment. At a branch in downtown Seattle, about 50 protesters occupied the main lobby, where they made speeches, sang songs, held signs and banners and even ordered a tall stack of pizzas before police blocked the doors. At another Seattle branch, a handful of protesters went inside while two others locked themselves by their necks to the front doors with bicycle locks. "I have a personal responsibility to make sure we have a livable climate," said a protester who locked herself to the door and would only identify herself as 21-year-old Andrea from Olympia, Washington. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Organizers of the protests aimed to dissuade Chase from lending to the companies behind two major oil infrastructure projects, the Keystone XL pipeline and Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion, and tar sands oil production in general. Protesters said they were fighting global warming. Keystone XL is a project of TransCanada and Trans Mountain Pipeline is a project of Kinder Morgan. These efforts echo similar efforts with other banks as activists have shifted to targeting the financial backers of the pipelines rather than sites like the Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota, where thousands protested last year. Bank are more sensitive to bad publicity than the pipeline companies, said Seattle city council member Mike O'Brien, who participated in one of the protests on Monday. "It's a relatively small percentage of their overall portfolio," protest organizer Ahmed Gaya said of the banks' stakes in various oil and gas pipelines. "If you can make that very small part ... have a vastly disproportionate effect on their public image, that's very persuasive." In April, Citigroup executives conceded they had approved investments in the Dakota pipeline too quickly after a noisy protest at its annual shareholder meeting, while Greenpeace activists protested Credit Suisse's dealings with companies behind the same pipeline. The previous month, Dutch bank ING Groep agreed to sell its $120 million share of a loan for the Dakota pipeline.   (Reporting by Tom James, Editing by Ben Klayman and Cynthia Osterman) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FedEx Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FedEx Co. (FDX) Rating Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc. Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. Everbridge Inc (EVBG) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS 5,882 Shares in InterDigital, Inc. (IDCC) Acquired by Ramsey Quantitative Systems 4,553 Shares in Fair Isaac Co. (FICO) Acquired by Ramsey Quantitative Systems RB Capital Management LLC Has $433,000 Stake in Leidos Holdings, Inc. (LDOS) RB Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Microsemi Co. (MSCC) Guaranty Bancorp (GBNK) is Patriot Financial Partners GP LP’s 2nd Largest Position Patriot Financial Partners GP LP Has $3,445,000 Stake in Porter Bancorp, Inc. (PBIB) Green Bancorp Inc (GNBC) Shares Bought by Patriot Financial Partners GP LP Versartis Inc (VSAR) Stake Held by NF Trinity Capital Hong Kong Ltd National Grid plc (NGG) Shares Sold by Allegis Investment Advisors LLC $4 Billion in Sales Expected for PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC) This Quarter CompX International Inc. (CIX) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results Destination Wealth Management Lowers Stake in Medical Properties Trust, Inc. (MPW) Montecito Bank & Trust Has $271,000 Stake in Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Montecito Bank & Trust Holds Stake in Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (CNK) Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC Purchases New Stake in Neustar Inc (NSR) Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC Sells 131 Shares of KB Home (KBH) Camarda Financial Advisors LLC Buys New Position in Chicago Bridge & Iron Company (CBI) FedEx Co. (FDX) Rating Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc. May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) was downgraded by equities research analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report released on Monday. They presently have a $195.86 price target on the shipping service provider’s stock. Vetr‘s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 2.49% from the stock’s current price. Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price objective on FedEx to $236.00 in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Deutsche Bank AG set a $209.00 price objective on FedEx and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, March 18th. Edward Jones upgraded FedEx from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, March 11th. Loop Capital initiated coverage on FedEx in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. They set a “buy” rating and a $234.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded FedEx from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eighteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $206.26. Shares of FedEx (NYSE:FDX) traded down 0.68% during trading on Monday, reaching $191.11. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,054,727 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average of $190.66 and a 200-day moving average of $188.74. FedEx has a 12-month low of $145.00 and a 12-month high of $201.57. The stock has a market cap of $51.10 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 27.17 and a beta of 1.14. FedEx (NYSE:FDX) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, March 21st. The shipping service provider reported $2.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.62 by $0.27. FedEx had a net margin of 3.35% and a return on equity of 22.02%. The company had revenue of $15 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $2.51 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 18.1% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that FedEx will post $11.93 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “FedEx Co. (FDX) Rating Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc.” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/fedex-co-fdx-rating-lowered-to-hold-at-vetr-inc.html. In other FedEx news, CEO Michael L. Ducker sold 12,899 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $193.88, for a total transaction of $2,500,858.12. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 61,779 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $11,977,712.52. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Shirley A. Jackson sold 6,145 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $193.12, for a total value of $1,186,722.40. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 10,646 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,055,955.52. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 195,598 shares of company stock worth $37,347,615 in the last ninety days. Insiders own 8.67% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in FDX. Alexandria Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of FedEx by 2.1% in the first quarter. Alexandria Capital LLC now owns 527 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock valued at $103,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the period. Pinnacle Bank bought a new stake in shares of FedEx during the first quarter valued at about $122,000. Adirondack Trust Co. boosted its stake in shares of FedEx by 1.5% in the first quarter. Adirondack Trust Co. now owns 662 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the period. Brick & Kyle Associates boosted its stake in shares of FedEx by 1.5% in the first quarter. Brick & Kyle Associates now owns 674 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock valued at $132,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the period. Finally, Ancora Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of FedEx during the fourth quarter valued at about $157,000. 75.22% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About FedEx FedEx Corporation (FedEx) provides a portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services through companies competing collectively, operating independently and managed collaboratively, under the FedEx brand. The Company’s segments include FedEx Express, TNT Express, FedEx Ground, FedEx Freight and FedEx Services. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for FedEx Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Federal Budget 2017 Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets Live Save Print License article Markets Live: Bank tax talk sparks $14b rout Patrick Commins and Jens Meyer 845 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More A softish trading update by CBA combined with talk of a new levy on banks sparked heavy selling in the major banks, dragging the ASX to a loss, as tonight's Federal Budget looms. Reluctant shoppers: retail spending slips again, missing market expectations of a modest rise CBA posts a small rise in third quarter cash profit but net interest margins continue to fall Shares in the big banks have been hit badly this month, with ANZ's 11% slide leading the way Iron ore's plunge continues, with spot prices now threatening to break through $US60 a tonne Wall Street's fear gauge, the VIX, slid overnight to its lowest level in nearly a quarter-century Sort posts by Newest Oldest 4:37pm That's it for Markets Live today. Thanks for reading and your comments.        Have a great evening, watch out for pies, and see you all again tomorrow morning from 9. 4:37pm Talk of a new tax on the big banks combined with an underwhelming CBA trading update to trigger a vicious selloff in the big four lenders on Tuesday, shaving nearly $14 billion off their market capitalisation. The S&P/ASX 200 fell 0.5 per cent to 5839.9, led by the banking sector, which suffered its worst day since last year's Brexit shock. All other sectors ended the day higher. Investors, already jittery after soggy earnings results from the major lenders, rushed to the exit as reports came in that the federal budget would include a new tax on their balance sheet liabilities, aiming to raise $6 billion over four years. "This represents around 5 per cent of the banking sector's profits," UBS banking analyst Jonathan Mott said. Earlier in the morning CBA posted underwhelming third-quarter figures, book-ending a week of updates that started with ANZ's disappointing earnings result last Tuesday. "CBA had a bad result in the morning and shares were pretty expensive to begin with," Regal Funds Management analyst Omkar Joshi said. The country's biggest retail bank was hit hardest on Tuesday, falling 3.9 per cent, its biggest slump since February last year, but the other three weren't far behind, with Westpac dropping 3.5 per cent, ANZ losing 2.6 per cent and NAB down 2.1 per cent. The past week of earnings results abruptly ended the April rally in the big banks, which had taken their shares to two-year highs. Since May 1, ANZ - which also went ex-dividend on Monday - has plunged 11.3 per cent, Westpac has lost 6.6 per cent, CBA has shed 6.4 per cent, and NAB has dropped 4.9 per cent as local and global investors took profits. "Offshore selling by big hedge funds, who see the stocks as highly priced, has also been a factor over the past week," Mr Joshi said. The heavy losses in the banks masked a broadly upbeat tone, which saw 136 stocks in the benchmark index closing higher. Telstra was among the biggest winners among blue chips, rising 2.3 per cent. But energy stocks also fared well, as did the big miners. BHP Billiton added 0.8 per cent, South 32 rose 1.5 per cent, Origin Energy gained 2.6 per cent and Santos closed up 2.2 per cent. Winners and losers in the ASX 200 today. Photo: Bloomberg 3:59pm More on that new tax the Treasurer is allegedly planning to slap on the banks in tonight's budget (see post below). UBS analyst Jonathan Mott reckons, based on the AFR reports, that it could be equivalent to a 5 per cent hit on bank earnings per share. "It is unclear whether this tax will only apply to the major banks (most likely), include Macquarie (potentially) or also include the regionals (unlikely)," Mott says. He's talking a transaction, or Tobin, tax, while the AFR's latest is a tax on retained earnings. In any case, the banks "would be likely to pass [higher costs from a new impost] on to customers," Mott reckons: The Australian Banks have a very good track record of passing on higher funding costs, credit risks and other headwinds to customers. Although there is likely to be political pressure and further calls for a Royal Commission, we would expect the banks to pass a potential transaction tax onto borrowers. We believe the easiest way for the Banks to achieve this would be to reprice their mortgage books. To offset a $1.5bn headwind we estimate the Banks would need to reprice their variable mortgage books by 12- 15bp. Alternatively, the Banks could increase owner occupied mortgage rates by ~10bp and investment property loans by ~25bp (Interest Only loans by more). This would also help the Banks meet their lending caps imposed by APRA A brief history of Aussie mortgage debt. Photo: UBS 3:19pm Looks like that bank levy we mentioned earlier is coming in today's budget: Australia's big four banks are bracing themselves for a new tax on balance sheet liabilities in the 2017 federal budget which is said to raise $6 billion over four years, the AFR's Tony Boyd is reporting: In a move reminiscent of Labor's mining tax, Treasurer Scott Morrison is planning to impose a tax on the aggregate liabilities of the major banks, according to banking sources. The sources said Treasury Secretary John Fraser will call the big four bank chief executives tonight at 6.30pm before Morrison delivers the bad news. The tax will come directly out of retained profits, which is of great concern to the banks because this is a source of capital for finance to small business. Morrison could defend the tax by pointing to the strong profitability of the big four which make about $30 billion. There are numerous ways of taxing banks. The most popular has been a financial transactions tax, also known as a Tobin tax in honour of a Nobel Prize winning economist James Tobin. Tobin taxes are in place in about a dozen countries including France, Hong Kong, South Africa, Italy and the United Kingdom. But Morrison has opted for the same system used in the United Kingdom. This is a tax on liabilities for banks which have aggregate liabilities in excess of £20 billion. The UK tax is being phased out from 0.21 per cent to zero over the next five years. Here's more at the AFR Losses in the big four have accelerated since this morning, with CBA down 3.5 per cent, on track for its biggest daily loss since February last year, Westpac off 3.2 per cent, ANZ losing 2.4 per cent and NAB down 2 per cent. Altogether, the big four have lost nearly $13 billion in value just today and more than $30 billion since the selloff started last Tuesday after ANZ posted underwhelming earnings. Will the budget bring a tax on bank liabilities? Photo: Paul Rovere 2:51pm Retailer JB Hi-Fi was revealed as a short by Trafalgar Copley's David Copley at the Sohn Investment Conference's forum for up-and-coming hedge fund managers in New York overnight. Speaking at Next Wave Sohn, one of the world's flagship investment conferences for hedge fund ideas, Copley told the audience that he held a negative view on Australian property which includes Sydney and Melbourne - two of the world's six most expensive cities. The investor also proposed being short Mirvac and the New Zealand dollar. We believe there is a bubble in residential Australian housing supply, says David Copley of Trafalgar Copley. #Sohn2017— CNBC (@CNBC) May 8, 2017 According to one account of his presentation, Copley believes that JB Hi-Fi is vulnerable to the entry of Amazon in Australia and that its $870 million The Good Guys acquisition increases its exposure to housing. He also alluded to JB Hi-Fi's roll-out as being mature. According to ASIC short position data, 7.65 per cent of JB Hi-Fi's capital is held by short sellers and 1.53 per cent of Mirvac, as of May 2. JB Hi-Fi shares are down 13.6 per cent this year after Tuesday's 84¢ or 3.3 per cent fall to $24.24. It is one of a basket of domestic retailers that are under pressure since Amazon confirmed its Australian strategy including Myer, Metcash and Super Retail Group. Mirvac was unchanged at $2.29. Here's more at the AFR Shorting JB Hi-Fi was presented as an investment idea at the Next Wave Sohn conference in New York. Photo: Penny Stephens Back to top 2:24pm The FT 's revered Lex column has taken a look at TPG's $2.2 billion offer for Fairfax, recommending management turn down the private equity firm's bid: Journalists see themselves as fearless seekers of truth. TPG, would-be owner of the Sydney Morning Herald, sees them as producers of clickbait for property listings. Shareholders in Fairfax Media, owner of Australia's oldest newspaper, should reject the private equity group's $2.2bn approach because it understates the value of key assets financially, rather than socially. The break-up bid is also an exercise in cherry-picking. The TPG-led consortium wants to buy Domain, an online property listings group, for 95 Aussie cents per Fairfax share in cash. Newspapers, including the Herald, would change hands too, partly because their online reach extends that of Domain. This would leave Fairfax investors owning a rump business whose assets include rural Aussie titles with net debt of some $125m. According to Fairfax, TPG attributes a value of 25-35 cents to this listed B-team. Some analysts think 15 cents would be closer. The lower estimate is consistent with the price of $1.09 at which Fairfax shares were trading yesterday. The cash offer, meanwhile, assigns an enterprise value of 15 times earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation to Domain and its journalistic appendages. That looks cheap, considering online property businesses such as Australia's REA and Zoopla of the UK trade at 25 times. TPG has shown intelligent opportunism in attempting to low-ball the board and shareholders of Fairfax. The group is embroiled in a strike with journalists over proposed job cuts. However, the very weakness of newspapers could mean Fairfax gets a better offer from within the industry. Consolidation is likely if Australia relaxes ownership rules to support the faltering industry. A defensive plan by Fairfax to demerge Domain could also deliver more for shareholders than TPG's approach. The bid belongs where old-fashioned editors once put all the news not worth printing: on a spike. TPG has approached Fairfax Media with an offer to purchase its metropolitan mastheads and property business Domain. Photo: Louie Douvis 2:08pm The Australian dollar has hit a fresh four-month low after disappointing retail sales figures reinforced expectations of steady interest rates for months to come. The Aussie fell as low as US73.55¢ in the wake of the retail data, down 0.4 per cent on the day, and is currently fetching US73.61¢. Another wave of selling could hit the currency when European trading desks wake up around 4pm, AEST. Watching interesting support level on A$ this evening over Federal Budget. 50% of 2016/17 range and downtrend support both come in at 0.7331 pic.twitter.com/Sd5jJlTozd— Robert Rennie (@R0bertRennie) May 9, 2017 The weak data, however, barely changed expectations of a steady rate outlook with interbank futures showing almost no chance of a move this year. "The annual rate of retailing values stands near levels not seen since 2013 when the RBA was in the midst of a rate-cutting cycle," St George chief economist Besa Deda said. "This time round, weak retailing growth is unlikely to lead the RBA to slice the cash rate in the near term ... because it is cognisant of the risks from rising household debt levels." In other words, the RBA is worried a lower cash rate could prompt households already indebted to the tilt to take on even more debt. The Aussie is down 1.7 per cent so far this month, largely due to retreating iron ore prices. The most-traded iron ore on the Dalian Commodity Exchange is down another 2 per cent, below 460 yuan a tonne and nearing January lows. Meanwhile, the pound popped above $1.7600, the highest since September last year. A break above $1.7797 would open a test of the symbolic $2.00 last seen nearly one year ago. 1:43pm Should investors be worried that the recent slump in commodities prices might indicate the next global economic downturn? HSBC chief economist Paul Bloxham asks. Since mid-April, the prices of oil, iron ore and copper are down -12 per cent, -17 per cent and -4 per cent, respectively, although they are still well above their early-2016 troughs. It's too early to really tell if the slump is the sign of something more serious, but Bloxham says there are good reasons on the supply side to believe that the price falls are not signalling a sharp fall in demand: For oil, the main story is that higher prices are bringing US shale producers back to life and that there could be global oversupply, not weak demand Iron ore supply is also ramping up and, so much so, that the decline in iron ore prices was widely anticipated With copper, the ending of strikes at the world's largest copper mine in Chile is set to boost copper supply, so, again, it is not necessarily a demand story  Bloxham says the slump in metals prices is really more a China story than anything else, considering the country consumes more than half of global supply. "We concede that it may very well be the case that the metal price decline is signalling that China's growth will slow in coming quarters." But this has been widely expected, he says. HSBC's China economists are forecasting that China's growth peaked in Q1 at 6.9 per cent and will ease through the year to 6.6 per cent by Q4. "At these rates, China's growth is still pretty hefty," he says, adding "The expected shift in the composition of China's growth away from metal-intensive housing investment is also consistent with some pullback in metals prices." 1:37pm Pie face day. Here's the historical view: The Bill Gates pie-in-the-face is widely regarded by experts to be the greatest CEO pieing. pic.twitter.com/YjqWHxvfZu— John McDuling (@jmcduling) May 9, 2017 1:27pm "The retail sector is verging on recession", says Citi economist Josh Williamson. In a note that lobbed into our inboxes just after that last post, Williamson points out that "retail trade growth has now been negative in three out of the last four months (no growth per month on average), the sector's worst performance since July to November 2012". The March data pre-date APRA's announcement at the end of March to tighten lending conditions, which has seen lending rates rise, especially for investors and interest-only borrowers, and our bank analysts expect some further rises. This will add to the downward pressures on the consumer. This is why we downgraded our outlook for consumer spending to flat line at slightly below trend both this year and next. The data place some near term downside risk to the RBA's view that household consumption will increase at a rate slightly above the average since the GFC. But as there are no economics related speeches by RBA officials ahead of the next board meeting on June 6 we can't gauge the Bank's reaction. Furthermore, the weaker retail data wasn't hinted at in yesterday's business confidence and conditions data that showed an improvement in March and April and which the RBA considers valuable. In the meantime, investors should look to the wage cost index data on May 17 and Labour Force on May 18.   Building approvals suggest the best is past for retail sales, Citi says. Photo: Citi Back to top 1:12pm This morning's poor retail sales figures will "add to growing concerns about the health of the household sector", Capital Economics economist Kate Hickie writes: In particular, the much weaker than expected rise in real retail sales in the first quarter suggests that real consumption growth eased notably last quarter. Nominal retail sales fell outright for the second consecutive month in March. This is a very rare occurrence (it has been seven years since it last happened) and means that there wasn't any momentum in retail spending going into the second quarter.  The sales data were "unequivocally weak", and suggest "not every cloud has a silver lining," JP Morgan's Tom Kennedy says: This is a material deceleration from the prior quarter, which was also revised down two tenths to 0.7% q/q, and confirms our sense that the pace of household consumption recorded late last year was facilitated by a sharp drop in the saving rate, and was unsustainable. While the retail sales and national accounts data are not perfectly aligned (retail sales has a narrower scope, even within goods spending), today's print creates some downside risk to 1Q household consumption. Barclays economist Rahul Bajoria also highlights how the weak consumption growth implied by retail sales data could weigh on Q1 GDP: The bounce higher in consumption in Q4 appears to be an aberration, and in Q1, we think consumption GDP growth is likely to slow, as evident from the weakness in real retail sales for Q1 17. Real retail sales fell to 0.1% q/q growth, the weakest print in 11 quarters, and may only show a modest recovery going into Q2, in our view. We also believe that the improvement in employment may take time to spill over into consumption growth, as higher corporate profitability will likely only gradually spill into wages. RBC Capital's Michael Turner writes: The weakness in spending over Q1 is somewhat surprising given that i) household wealth grew further over H2'16 given the rise in residential property prices and ii) the labour market added 130k jobs over Q4 and Q1.  To be sure, we have long held a below-trend consumption profile in our numbers.  However, we had expected a gradual slowdown over 2017 as a slower housing market and consolidation of household balance sheets helped the savings rate stabilise, leaving spending growth closer to (weak) income growth. The lack of momentum in household spending already apparent to start the year leaves a heightened focus on incoming data on consumption. Finally, ANZ's Jo Masters writes: The recent speech by RBA Governor Lowe highlighted the Bank's growing concern about the vulnerability of the economy to shocks to the household sector given the high level of indebtedness. In line with this concern we have argued in earlier research that the household saving rate is likely to have risen in Q1. The soft retail sales data is consistent with this. Photo: JP Morgan 12:59pm With interest-only loans comprising 50 per cent of its mortgage book, is Westpac "the most exposed bank to the Australian housing bubble"? That's the question being asked by UBS's straight-talkin' banking analyst Jonathan Mott, who has downgraded Westpac shares to "neutral" in a note titled "Nowhere to run". "For the first time Westpac [WBC] disclosed its exposure to interest-only (IO) lending, which contributes 50% of its mortgage book and 46% of 1H17 flows," Mott writes in a note to clients. "This compares to ~40% for the system. While WBC indicated that IO mortgage applications have recently fallen to the mid-30s, there is still a long way to go for WBC to get below APRA's 30% cap (we expect banks will need to target 20-25% to allow a buffer)." The analyst's 12-month share price target has dropped to $32.50 from $33.50. The stock last fetched $33.19. All that said, Mott described Westpac's capital build as "strong". And the call is a neutral, rather than negative one, belying the dramatic headline. A couple of weeks ago UBS economists rang the bell on the housing construction boom, saying that new housing starts will fade next year and that property price growth is set to "moderate" from here. Mott picks up on that theme, writing: We expect the housing market to slow sharply as APRA's macro-prudential changes come into effect. We see risks to household cash flows as banks reprice their books and borrowers face ~30% increase in repayments as they move from IO to principal & interest. We have been supporters of Westpac and continue to see it as a well-managed, conservative organisation. However, with the stock having rallied to 14.1x 18E P/E and a more challenging outlook for the banks and the housing market, we have moved our rating back to neutral. We expect the revenue outlook to remain challenging over coming years as credit growth slows.  While some [net interest margin] expansion is likely near term, this is likely to be offset by a normalisation in credit charges from low levels. Mott is on a bit of a roll: yesterday he downgraded Macquarie to neutral. Westpac CEO Brian Hartzer. Photo: Michele Mossop 12:40pm James Packer's Crown Resorts has ended its 12-year adventure in Macau, selling the remainder of its stake in Melco Crown Entertainment for $1.34 billion. Crown formally announced the sale this morning, and said the proceeds from the sale of the 11.2 per cent stake would "initially be used" to reduce debt. The sell-down is the final part of Crown's exit from Melco; in December 2014 it sold a 13.4 per cent stake in Melco, raising $1.6 billion. Crown will also formally end its joint venture with Melco and its chief executive, gambling scion Lawerence Ho. In a statement Mr Ho described Melco's tie up with Crown as "the world's most successful global gaming partnership" and thanked Mr Crown for being a great friend and partner for the past decade". Importantly, the end of the joint venture means Melco and Crown will now pursue separate proposals to build casinos in the newly opened market of Japan. "Despite our positive history with Crown, I made the strategic decision to terminate the joint venture arrangement and allow Melco to pursue Japan alone," Mr Ho said. Japan is seen as a trophy for casino operators around the world, given its proximity to China, its wealthy population and its stable regulatory environment. By contrast, Macau casino operators have been caught up in a broader corruption crackdown driven by Chinese authorities. Just hours before Crown announced its sales, Macau authorities announced they will require facial recognition and identification card checks at ATMs before Chinese UnionPay cardholders can withdraw cash. The measure is aimed at further curbing money laundering in the world's largest casino hub. In November last year, 18 Crown staff were detained in China amid a further crackdown on wealthy gamblers. Crown paid a special dividend to investors following its December Melco selldown, but it is unclear whether this will repeated with the latest deal. Crown shares are up 1 per cent at $12.63. James Packer's Crown Resorts has ended its 12 year adventure in Macau. Photo: MN Chan 12:21pm And here are some responses from the Twitterati to this morning's disappointing retail sales data:   Soft retail sales in AU, -0.1%mom but more importantly up just 0.1%qoq in real terms - creates potential downside for Q1 GDP growth #ausbiz— Alex Joiner (@IFM_Economist) May 9, 2017 Annual growth has eased in every industry besides food. Cafes & restaurants still elevated, while department stores struggle #ausbiz pic.twitter.com/ifnB0jX2NK— Callam Pickering (@CallamPickering) May 9, 2017 Aus Mar retail sales -0.1%mom after -0.2%. Q1 real retail sales just +0.1%mom. =>weak Q1 GDP. No chance RBA rate hike here..adds to cut risk— Shane Oliver (@ShaneOliverAMP) May 9, 2017 Strip out the population ponzi and Oz retail sales volumes are going backwards. #ausecon pic.twitter.com/8DQ9MhFTid— Justin Fabo (@justinfabo) May 9, 2017   12:08pm A surprise 0.1 per cent monthly fall in retail sales over March has sent the Aussie lower, with annual growth in retail turnover dropping to 2.1 per cent, its weakest in nearly four years. The figure is well off the consensus economist prediction for sales to expand by 0.3 per cent over the month. Currency traders reacted swiftly to the miss, sending the Aussie lower by a quarter of a penny on the release. It last fetched 73.7 US cents. Over the March quarter, and after stripping out price effects, turnover rose 0.1 per cent in the March quarter 2017, following a rise of 0.7 per cent in the December quarter 2016, the ABS reports. The main contributors to this rise were food retailing (0.6 per cent), household goods retailing (0.4 per cent) and other retailing (0.4 per cent). "Inclement weather was expected to restrain sales with the March month featuring abnormally wet conditions over the major eastern states and Cyclone Debbie impacting Qld and parts of NSW late in the month," Westpac economist Matthew Hassan said. "That impact looks to have been more substantive, retail sales fell 1.3 per cent in Queensland. Sales across the rest of Australia rose 0.2 per cent over the month." Back to top 11:48am We interrupt this blog for an important message: Qantas boss Alan Joyce has had a pie shoved in his face while speaking at a business breakfast in Perth. Joyce was the keynote speaker at a West Business Leadership Matters event at the Hyatt Regency this morning when a man appeared on stage with a pie, according to the ABC. The man, reportedly in his 60s, then grabbed the Qantas CEO before shoving the pie in his face and casually walking off stage. Qantas boss Alan Joyce copped a cream pie in the face during a talk at a leadership breakfast in Perth. Report in 7 News at 6pm. pic.twitter.com/P6zsOTOW9X— 7 News Adelaide (@7NewsAdelaide) May 9, 2017 It's not clear why Joyce became victim of a pie attack but apparently he dealt with it very well, leaving the stage to get cleaned up and returning a few minutes later to continue his speech. The attacker seems unlikely to be a Qantas shareholder, as he'd have little to complain about: the stock has hit a fresh nine-year high today of $4.72, up 1.3 per cent for the session and a whopping 41 per cent since the start of the year. Investors have been cheering strong earnings growth and last week's trading update showed the airline is on track for its second-best profit ever. And Credit Suisse reckons the shares could even rise to $7.00 if the airline achieves its longer-term targets of a 10%-plus return on invested capital through financial year 2020, and loyalty pre-tax earnings to hit $500 million by 2022. "These are tough but potentially achievable targets, with strong management execution and limited adverse market conditions (ie, fuel spikes, new entrants, economic/political crises...), " said analyst Paul Butler. We say, Joyce clearly deserves cake. Can't have been a disgruntled shareholder: Qantas hit a nine-year high today. Photo: Quentin Jones 11:09am Reports of a new levy on banks in today's budget have spooked investors, accelerating the May selloff in the sector. It didn't help that CBA's trading update this morning came in on the softer side of expectations. Cash earnings for the quarter were $2.4 billion which was slightly weaker than consensus expectations of $2.45 billion, but on an underlying profits basis, the result was about 6 per cent below consensus expectations which Regal analyst Omkar Joshi says  highlights the weak revenue environment the banks are in. "Overall, the result was slightly weaker than expectations but the composition was also soft," Joshi says. Shares of the big four are all down around 2 per cent for the day, with CBA's 2.6 per cent drop leading the way. Bank shares have been under pressure ever since ANZ released disappointing numbers last Tuesday, retreating from multi-year highs hit just the day before. ANZ is leading the sector's decline, plunging 11 per cent since May 1 - a fall of greater than 10 per cent is deemed a 'correction' - while the other big banks are down around 5.5 per cent since then. It's worth noting, though, that ANZ went ex-dividend yesterday, which in itself accounts for 80¢ of the $3.70 drop. Altogether, the big four banks have lost around $30 billion in value in just one week of trading. Even the smaller banks are deep in the red this month, with Bank of Queensland down 3.9 per cent and Bendigo and Adelaide Bank losing 4.6 per cent. Macquarie is holding up better, thanks to last week's strong annual result, but shares are still down 2.2 per cent since May 1. The government is believed to be considering a levy on the big four banks as part of today's budget, Sky News Business reported late yesterday. The proposed levy would not touch the savings of normal Australians, Sky said, but target the hundreds of millions in institutional loans the big four banks make to each other. "However (the levy) is described it will represent an additional tax or fee and the market is likely to be nervous about this prospect until they get details of what might be involved and what capacity of banks might have to pass this cost on to customers," said CMC chief market analyst Ric Spooner. The tax talk came after Treasurer Scott Morrison signalled yesterday that the budget would target the major banks on a range of measures, announcing a Productivity Commission inquiry into competition in the financial services sector. In an interview with the AFR, Morrison said despite some competitive advances driven by innovation and technology, the major banks had grown more powerful since the Global Financial Crisis. "There should be no denying that there has been an increased consolidation of the position of the major banks," he said. 10:59am We mentioned below that "implied" or "expected" volatility on the S&P 500 index, as per the Vix, is at its lowest since 1993. But actual volatility is also at multi-decade lows on both sides of the Atlantic, the FT reports. The realised 90-day volatility of the S&P 500 index has fallen to just 6.7 per cent, which makes this the most tranquil market since 1995, while realised European stock market volatility is near its lowest level since 1990. "It's quite something," said John Vail, chief global strategist at Nikko Asset Management. "It seems we're in a goldilocks environment right now. But it's quite surprising that with all the uncertainty in the world that Vix would be so low." "The more volatility gets compressed, the more volatility expands when it is released," said Nigol Koulajian, the chief investment officer of hedge fund Quest Partners. "When something happens, it's going to be really bad . . . Volatility has become completely useless as a measure of risk." 90-day realised equity volatility has also vaporised on the US (SPX) and European (E300) sharemarkets. Photo: FT 10:30am A reasonably balanced sharemarket performance has been overwhelmed by heavy selling in the big banks and miners, after CBA's quarterly update fails to spark interest in the sector. The ASX 200 is off 39 points or 0.7 per cent at 5832, with as many stocks higher as there are lower. CBA is down 2.3 per cent, Westpac 2 per cent, ANZ 1.8 per cent and NAB 1.4 per cent. Macquarie has dropped 1.9 per cent. Resources stocks are also lower, with BHP down 0.3 per cent, Rio 0.6 per cent and Fortescue 2.2 per cent. Woodside is up 0.3 per cent, pacing gains in the energy sector and the oil price. Santos is up 0.7 per cent. Industrials are doing well as investors turn away from the major mining and banking sectors. Brambles is up 0.7 per cent and Aurizon 0.6 per cent, while Computershare has added 0.7 per cent. Retail stocks are getting beat up again this morning after yesterday's plunge in Myer after a broker slashed their earnings expectations ahead of the department store's quarterly trading update on Friday.  Myer is steady, but Harvey Norman is down 3.9 per cent and JB Hi-Fi has dropped 3.7 per cent. Retail sales data from the ABS is due today. Winners and losers in the ASX 200 this morning. Photo: Bloomberg 10:13am DoubleLine Capital's Jeffrey Gundlach recommends shorting the S&P 500 index and going long on emerging market stocks despite conventional wisdom that raising US rates will lead to a stronger greenback. Specifically, Gundlach recommended wagering long on the iShares MSCI Emerging Markets exchange-traded fund and betting against the SPDR S&P 500 ETF. He also said it's a myth that the Federal Reserve raising rates necessarily leads to a stronger US dollar. "What the heck, let's have some fun," Gundlach, chief investment officer of DoubleLine Capital said overnight at the Sohn Investment Conference in New York. "Let's leverage it one time." At last year's conference, Gundlach recommended a pair trade, going long on a mortgage REIT ETF while shorting a utilities sector ETF. After covering the cost of one turn of leverage, the trade yielded 40 per cent in the year through Friday. This year's bet is a relative value play and not a forecast that the S&P 500 will fall, Gundlach said. "For about a year and a half now, there's been no outperformance of the S&P 500, but rather the emerging markets had been competing well and now they're outperforming year to date," Gundlach said during his Sohn presentation Monday. Gundlach is primarily a bond investor. On a May 2 webcast, he advised sticking with gold and emerging-market debt while warning the stock market may face a correction and oil prices are likely to fall. Short US stocks, long EM: Jeffrey Gundlach. Photo: Michael Nagle Back to top Search pagination Current page Live Article Posts1 Next Live Article Posts2 Share via Email Post on facebook wall Share on Google Plus Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit 1 new post(s) available. View post(s) Dismiss Advertisement 184 comments Comment are now closed Sort comments by Oldest Newest HuffPost Australia 'Prime Minister Trumble' Speaks At ... Contains: External link Ways To Beat Energy Price Rises Contains: External link Most Popular Bank rout wipes out $30 billion in value Quiz: How well do you know the federal budget? Retailers on verge of a 'recession' Dole demerit point system touted in latest budget leaks Crazy Clark's and Sam's Warehouse liquidation enters final stages Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Bank rout wipes out $30 billion in value Australians can't rely on Qantas as Dreamliner set to be a nightmare 'All too much for Myer' - Brutal note crashes Myer Dole demerit point system touted in latest budget leaks Draw a line on the Coalition's economic performance Canberra Times Computer glitch hits super payments of thousands of public servants No pants were the new pants at Canberra's Groovin The Moo The private battle of Canberra newsreader Craig Allen The Canberra schools losing funds have been revealed Australian customs destroys unique lichen specimens in quarantine mix-up The Sydney Morning Herald Australian customs destroys unique lichen specimens in quarantine mix-up Trump protection in first 100 days soars to $40 million Woman indecently assaulted on Sydney Harbour Bridge: police 'Mini-Anzac Bridge' unveiled as next link in the track for the metro Qantas boss Alan Joyce jokes he needs a decent drycleaner after cream pie incident The Age Collingwood legend Lou Richards dies 'All too much for Myer' - Brutal note crashes Myer Tram ticket inspectors 'demand to see woman's banking details' Qantas boss Alan Joyce jokes he needs a decent drycleaner after cream pie incident Trump protection in first 100 days soars to $40 million Brisbane Times 'All too much for Myer' - Brutal note crashes Myer Church leader raped choir girls: Qld court Accusations fly as bitter contractual dispute with BCC deepens Missing army officer may have led a 'double life': inquest Queensland Premier's chief of staff resigns WA Today Panty sniffer the 'most disgusting thing I've seen' SAT finds Lisa Scaffidi guilty of 45 serious breaches of Local Government Act Boat lost on Freo road 'at least stopped at traffic lights' Qantas boss Alan Joyce jokes he needs a decent drycleaner after cream pie incident Vaginal mesh implant destroyed my life: Perth mum speaks out Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman TPI Composites, Inc. Provides Update on Potential Secondary Offering of Common Stock /EIN News/ — SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 08, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — TPI Composites, Inc., (“TPI”) (Nasdaq:TPIC), the largest U.S.-based independent manufacturer of composite wind blades, provided an update today on the status of the potential secondary public offering of shares of common stock of the Company by certain selling stockholders.  The Company reported today that the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) has engaged in a limited review of certain offering-related disclosures and exhibits contained in the registration statement on Form S-1 for the potential offering, and the Company has been working with the Staff of the SEC in this process.  The Company reported that it is also concurrently updating the registration statement on Form S-1 to include the Company’s unaudited interim consolidated financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2017.  The Company reported that the potential selling stockholders and the Company will continue to evaluate prevailing market conditions in determining if and when to launch any potential offering. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the SEC but has not yet become effective.  These securities may not be sold nor may offers to buy these securities be accepted prior to the time the registration statement becomes effective.  This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described above, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the potential offering.  Cowen and Company, LLC, Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and Canaccord Genuity Inc. are acting as co-managers.  The potential offering will be made only by means of a prospectus.  When available, copies of the preliminary prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains certain forward-looking statements, including statements with regard to TPI’s potential securities offering. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward looking statements because they contain words such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “expects”, “plans”, “anticipates”, “could”, “intends”, “target”, “projects”, “contemplates”, “believes”, “estimates”, “predicts”, “potential” or “continue” or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. The consummation of the potential securities offering and the terms thereof are subject to numerous factors, many of which are beyond the control of TPI, including, without limitation, market conditions, failure of closing conditions and risks and other matters set forth in TPI’s filings with the SEC. You should not place undue reliance upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. TPI has based the forward-looking statements contained in this press release on its current expectations and projections about future events and trends that it believes may affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. TPI cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made in this press release relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. TPI undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by law. About TPI Composites, Inc. TPI Composites, Inc. is the largest U.S.-based independent manufacturer of composite wind blades for the wind energy market. TPI delivers high-quality, cost-effective composite solutions through long term relationships with leading wind turbine manufacturers. TPI is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona and operates factories throughout the U.S., China, Mexico, and Turkey. 
Investor Contact:
                    investors@tpicomposites.com
                    480-315-8742
 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Gladstone Investment Corporation Announces Common Stock Offering Next PostNext MCBC Holdings, Inc. Appoints W. Patrick Battle to Board of Directors Search Recent Posts Sales Market Analysis: Global Viral Vectors and Plasmid DNA Manufacturing Market Research Report 2017 Car Wash System Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Global Pet Insurance Industry Revenue and Market Growth Rate Available Online at Orbisresearch.com Clean TeQ Holdings Ltd, Melbourne (CTEQF: OTCQX International) | Change of Director’s Interest Notice Daily Press Briefing by Press Secretary Sean Spicer — #45 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Podcast: An Ex-Prosecutor’s Take on the Fight Over Foreign-Stored Data Ben Hancock CONTINUE All the Presidents’ Kids: Where’d They Go to Law School? ALM Staff Feds Settle First Ever Civil Suit Against Financial Chief Compliance Officer Sue Reisinger Corporate Counsel Fourth Circuit Grills Trump Administration on Travel Ban Cogan Schneier The National Law Journal Dewey & LeBoeuf Trial Ends in Guilty Verdict for Sanders; DiCarmine Cleared Scott Flaherty New York Law Journal Cannabis Industry Creates Haze of Uncertainty, Opportunity for Legal Business › In-Depth Analysis California Prepares to Ramp Up Push for Marijuana Rules By Cheryl Miller|The Recorder News NYC Boutique Makes Bet on Big Weed front News Legal Weed Company Gets Some More Lawyer-Shareholders News California Judges Are Told to Stay Away from Pot Businesses Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL NEWS Richard Susskind on the Growing Influence of the Legal Operations Boss David Ruiz Big Law Partner Makes Lateral Move for a Lifestyle Brian Baxter New York Law Journal Law Schools Play Prominently in Trump’s Judicial Nominations Karen Sloan Law.Com Class Action, Trial Pros Form New National Plaintiffs Firm Scott Flaherty The AmLaw Daily When Firm Life Makes Them Flabby, Lawyers Call This Trainer Leigh Jones The Recorder Ousted Cincinnati Law Dean Settles Suit Against School Karen Sloan The 12 Core Competencies that Define the Future of Legal Operations Zach Warren Popular     Law Student’s Harassment and Bullying Ran Amok, Claims Professor’s Suit Out of a Job, Sally Yates' Future Looks Bright Who Got Those Social 'Influencer' Letters From the FTC? Read the Full List. When Firm Life Makes Them Flabby, Lawyers Call This Trainer Richard Susskind on the Growing Influence of the Legal Operations Boss PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Your H-1B Petition Was Not Selected in the Lottery; Now What? Michael J. P. Schewe Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Kimberly Rice Structuring and Managing Practice Groups Joel A. Rose MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS Helping legal professionals through the maze of international data sharing Most mid-size to large companies now share data with suppliers and customers across borders. As such, they face a growing body of international regulation on data sharing. Download Baker McKenzie launches 2017 Global Privacy Handbook The 2017 Global Privacy Handbook is now available gives a glimpse of notable privacy developments and emerging privacy issues and trends in 58 jurisdictions across the globe. Download Supreme Court examines the principles of contractual interpretation Supreme Court confirms that both commercial common sense and the natural meaning of the words matter in contractual interpretation. Download Australian Securities and Investments Commission consults on industry funding model The Federal Government has released the draft regulations on the operation of the industry funding model for ASIC. Download Argos v Argos – a virtual race for dominance? A recent cross-Atlantic dispute between Argos Limited and Argos Systems Inc, considered the extent to which legitimate Google advertising can give rise to a claim of trade mark infringement or passing off. Download Trying to hit a moving target Practical advice for mitigating litigation risk under the DOL Fiduciary Rule. Download The uncertain future of the Renewable Fuel Standard The new Administration faces consequential near-term court decisions and policy choices as it charts a future course for the RFS. Download Third Circuit joins other circuits in enforcing Escobar's strict materiality requirement The Third Circuit has affirmed the district court's dismissal of a relator's claims in United States ex rel. Petratos, et al. v. Genentech Inc, et al. Download Sweden rules on taxation of carried interest in private equity structures Sweden's Administrative Court of Appeal (SACA) has issued a decision on the taxation of carried interest in a number of private equity structures. Download The general counsel: a sherpa or scapegoat for the C-suite? Companies now want their legal adviser to guide the business up the dangerous mountain path to growth and profitability, but they also have to make sure they keep all their fingers and toes. Download PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Structuring and Managing Practice Groups The Science and Magic of Content Marketing Lawyers Are Interesting People, Too Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, Suite 820, New York, NY 10279 347-983-1764 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Nelson Mullins Partner Settles With SEC in Pay-to-Play Suit When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated -- GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 29°C, Rain MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery World Some Chase branches in Seattle closed by protests over pipelines Tuesday May 9, 2017 09:09 AM GMT+8 UPDATED: May 09, 2017 09:41 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Salt might not be as bad as you think it is Minister slams Sarawak Report for stalking PM’s wife in UK One win from three matches, or Conte calls it a little step to EPL title The Edit: Why you should watch Malaysian film ‘You Mean the World to Me’ Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Native American leaders and climate activists protest inside of a Chase Bank location, in opposition to the Keystone XL pipeline, in Seattle, Washington, May 8, 2017. — Reuters pic SEATTLE, May 9 — Native American leaders and climate activists protested at several Chase branches in Seattle yesterday, forcing them to close temporarily as demonstrators demanded the bank not lend to projects like the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Police said 26 people were arrested by late afternoon. Activists said they disrupted operations at 11 Chase branches, and two other branches closed as well. Darcy Donahoe-Wilmot, a spokeswoman for Chase, which is a unit of JP Morgan Chase & Co, declined to comment. At a branch in downtown Seattle, about 50 protesters occupied the main lobby, where they made speeches, sang songs, held signs and banners and even ordered a tall stack of pizzas before police blocked the doors. At another Seattle branch, a handful of protesters went inside while two others locked themselves by their necks to the front doors with bicycle locks. “I have a personal responsibility to make sure we have a livable climate,” said a protester who locked herself to the door and would only identify herself as 21-year-old Andrea from Olympia, Washington. Organizers of the protests aimed to dissuade Chase from lending to the companies behind two major oil infrastructure projects, the Keystone XL pipeline and Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion, and tar sands oil production in general. Protesters said they were fighting global warming. Keystone XL is a project of TransCanada Corp and Trans Mountain Pipeline is a project of Kinder Morgan Inc . These efforts echo similar efforts with other banks as activists have shifted to targeting the financial backers of the pipelines rather than sites like the Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota, where thousands protested last year. Bank are more sensitive to bad publicity than the pipeline companies, said Seattle city council member Mike O’Brien, who participated in one of the protests yesterday. “It’s a relatively small percentage of their overall portfolio,” protest organiser Ahmed Gaya said of the banks’ stakes in various oil and gas pipelines. “If you can make that very small part ... have a vastly disproportionate effect on their public image, that’s very persuasive.” In April, Citigroup executives conceded they had approved investments in the Dakota pipeline too quickly after a noisy protest at its annual shareholder meeting, while Greenpeace activists protested Credit Suisse’s dealings with companies behind the same pipeline. The previous month, Dutch bank ING Groep agreed to sell its US$120 million (RM520.68 million) share of a loan for the Dakota pipeline. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Jakarta's Christian governor jailed for two years for blasphemy Two girls arrested for misusing boarding passes to meet K-pop star at Changi Airport Trump, Putin discuss first meeting, Syria during ‘very good call’ Singaporean man on the run in Brisbane for attempted murder Verdict expected in blasphemy case against Ahok today Trump, Putin discuss first meeting, Syria during ‘very good call’ Two girls arrested for misusing boarding passes to meet K-pop star at Changi Airport Two arrested for sending threatening letters, hell notes to PM Lee and other govt leaders Islamic State attacks base where US advisers stationed in Iraq Hamas eases stance on Israel with new policy document Most Watched Now Week NYT Video: How Danny DeVito eats an egg (and still says his lines) on Broadway Innovative globe chess board Reuters Video: After Macron win, Le Pen kickstarts rebrand Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Related Articles Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Log In News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Skip to main content The Talk of the North 710 AM 98.1 FM Duluth, Minnesota Log In Menu News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Current Show The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM Upcoming Shows Next Show The Hugh Hewitt Show 5AM–7AM Neill Atkins 7AM–8AM "Sound Off" with Brad B... 8AM–11AM Current Weather (55811) 42° Search Our Site Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM News Some Chase branches in Seattle closed by protests over pipeline loans Some Chase branches in Seattle closed by protests over pipeline loans Monday, May 08, 2017 7:55 p.m. CDT Pizza is delivered next to Native American leaders and climate activists demonstrating inside of a Chase Bank location, in opposition to the By Tom James SEATTLE (Reuters) - Native American leaders and climate activists protested at several Chase branches in Seattle on Monday, forcing them to close temporarily as demonstrators demanded the bank not lend to projects like the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Police said 26 people were arrested by late afternoon. Activists said they disrupted operations at 11 Chase branches, and two other branches closed as well. Darcy Donahoe-Wilmot, a spokeswoman for Chase, which is a unit of JP Morgan Chase & Co , declined to comment. At a branch in downtown Seattle, about 50 protesters occupied the main lobby, where they made speeches, sang songs, held signs and banners and even ordered a tall stack of pizzas before police blocked the doors. At another Seattle branch, a handful of protesters went inside while two others locked themselves by their necks to the front doors with bicycle locks. "I have a personal responsibility to make sure we have a livable climate," said a protester who locked herself to the door and would only identify herself as 21-year-old Andrea from Olympia, Washington. Organizers of the protests aimed to dissuade Chase from lending to the companies behind two major oil infrastructure projects, the Keystone XL pipeline and Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion, and tar sands oil production in general. Protesters said they were fighting global warming. Keystone XL is a project of TransCanada Corp and Trans Mountain Pipeline is a project of Kinder Morgan Inc . These efforts echo similar efforts with other banks as activists have shifted to targeting the financial backers of the pipelines rather than sites like the Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota, where thousands protested last year. Bank are more sensitive to bad publicity than the pipeline companies, said Seattle city council member Mike O'Brien, who participated in one of the protests on Monday. "It's a relatively small percentage of their overall portfolio," protest organizer Ahmed Gaya said of the banks' stakes in various oil and gas pipelines. "If you can make that very small part ... have a vastly disproportionate effect on their public image, that's very persuasive." In April, Citigroup executives conceded they had approved investments in the Dakota pipeline too quickly after a noisy protest at its annual shareholder meeting, while Greenpeace activists protested Credit Suisse's dealings with companies behind the same pipeline. The previous month, Dutch bank ING Groep agreed to sell its $120 million share of a loan for the Dakota pipeline. (Reporting by Tom James, Editing by Ben Klayman and Cynthia Osterman) Comments Top Stories Lake Superior Zoo Gets Donated X-Ray Equipment Monday, May 8 What If You Hook Your Finger Instead Of A Fish Monday, May 8 Another Mobile Home Fire On Friday Monday, May 8 I-35 Bridge Work Begins In Carlton County Monday, May 8 Area Tunnel Cleaning Is Underway Monday, May 8 News Sections Local State National World Local Sports Sports Politics Business Health Science Technology Entertainment Station Information © 2017 710 WDSM - WDSM The Talk of the North 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Listen 710 AM in Duluth, Minnesota 98.1 FM in Duluth, Minnesota Contact Studio Line 1: 218-722-7500 Text Us at 84454 Advertise With Us Job Opportunities Contact Us More Privacy Policy (PDF) Terms of Use (PDF) Contest Rules EEO
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Arconic Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arconic Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Arconic Inc (ARNC) Receives $25.59 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Brokerages Set Medidata Solutions Inc (MDSO) PT at $66.88 Brokerages Set Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) PT at $209.06 W W Grainger Inc (GWW) Receives $227.11 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages PDC Energy (PDCE) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows PDC Energy (PDCE) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Hugoton Royalty Trust (HGT) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.24 GP Strategies Corp (GPX) Given Media Impact Score of 0.12 Penns Woods Bancorp, Inc. (PWOD) CEO Richard A. Grafmyre Buys 500 Shares Acadia Realty Trust (AKR) Insider Kenneth F. Bernstein Acquires 702 Shares of Stock Thomas Alexander Russell Buys 285,000 Shares of Environmental Waste International Inc (EWS) Stock DigitalGlobe Inc (DGI) EVP Walter S. Scott Sells 500 Shares of Stock Unigold Inc. (UGD) Insider Norman Tremblay Acquires 75,000 Shares Regency Centers Corp (REG) Stake Lowered by LS Investment Advisors LLC MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Has $179,000 Stake in W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) LS Investment Advisors LLC Purchases 333 Shares of The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Continues to Hold Stake in UGI Corp (UGI) DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Stake Boosted by Forward Management LLC LS Investment Advisors LLC Has $469,000 Position in American Financial Group Inc (AFG) LS Investment Advisors LLC Lowers Position in HollyFrontier Corp (HFC) Arconic Inc (ARNC) Receives $25.59 Consensus Target Price from Analysts May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Arconic Inc (NASDAQ:ARNC) have received a consensus rating of “Hold” from the twelve research firms that are covering the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, six have issued a hold recommendation and four have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1 year target price among analysts that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $25.59. ARNC has been the subject of several recent research reports. Deutsche Bank AG increased their target price on shares of Arconic from $28.00 to $32.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Arconic from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $24.00 target price for the company in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Arconic in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $29.00 target price for the company. Longbow Research initiated coverage on shares of Arconic in a report on Friday, March 31st. They set a “neutral” rating for the company. Finally, TheStreet upgraded shares of Arconic from a “d+” rating to a “c” rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Arconic Inc (ARNC) Receives $25.59 Consensus Target Price from Analysts” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/arconic-inc-arnc-receives-25-59-consensus-target-price-from-analysts.html. In other news, major shareholder International L.P. Elliott purchased 34,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $26.36 per share, for a total transaction of $896,240.00. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Associates L.P. Elliott purchased 24,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 8th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $26.86 per share, with a total value of $644,640.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders have purchased 1,739,001 shares of company stock valued at $51,390,849 in the last 90 days. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in ARNC. Harris Associates L P purchased a new stake in shares of Arconic during the first quarter worth approximately $141,040,000. Quantitative Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Arconic by 21.7% in the first quarter. Quantitative Investment Management LLC now owns 441,800 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $11,637,000 after buying an additional 78,700 shares in the last quarter. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC boosted its stake in shares of Arconic by 10.5% in the first quarter. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC now owns 562,339 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $14,812,000 after buying an additional 53,302 shares in the last quarter. State of Wisconsin Investment Board boosted its stake in shares of Arconic by 19.8% in the first quarter. State of Wisconsin Investment Board now owns 287,141 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $7,563,000 after buying an additional 47,397 shares in the last quarter. Finally, State of Tennessee Treasury Department boosted its stake in shares of Arconic by 11.7% in the first quarter. State of Tennessee Treasury Department now owns 153,206 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $4,035,000 after buying an additional 16,074 shares in the last quarter. Shares of Arconic (NASDAQ:ARNC) traded down 0.81% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $27.08. 1,863,261 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm’s market cap is $11.94 billion. Arconic has a 52 week low of $16.75 and a 52 week high of $30.69. The company has a 50-day moving average of $26.61 and a 200-day moving average of $23.58. Arconic (NASDAQ:ARNC) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The basic materials company reported $0.33 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.25 by $0.08. The business had revenue of $3.06 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3 billion. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 4.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts expect that Arconic will post $1.15 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Investors of record on Friday, May 5th will be issued a dividend of $0.06 per share. This represents a $0.24 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.89%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 3rd. About Arconic Arconic Inc, formerly Alcoa Inc, is engaged in lightweight metals engineering and manufacturing. The Company operates through three segments: Global Rolled Products, Engineered Products and Solutions, and Transportation and Construction Solutions. Its multi-material products, which include aluminum, titanium and nickel, are used around the world in markets, such as aerospace, automotive, commercial transportation and packaging. Receive News & Ratings for Arconic Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arconic Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 58° Full Menu 58° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us Police officers inside look toward demonstrators outside a Chase bank branch Monday, May 8, 2017, in Seattle. Climate activists opposed to oil pipeline projects demonstrated at several JPMorgan Chase bank locations in Seattle on Monday, calling on the bank not to do business with TransCanada, the company pushing for the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Elaine Thompson AP Photo National Business May 08, 2017 8:23 PM 26 arrested as climate activists target JPMorgan Chase banks The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story SEATTLE Seattle police say a total of 26 climate activists were arrested, many at their request, during demonstrations at several JPMorgan Chase bank locations in Seattle. They were calling on the bank not to do business with TransCanada, the company pushing for the Keystone XL oil pipeline. An Associated Press photographer witnessed officers handcuffing and arresting three people at one bank branch in Seattle's International District Monday afternoon. Seattle police said the arrests were made after warnings were given that people could be arrested if they didn't leave. Several protesters earlier stood in front of teller windows and told customers the bank was closed. Several dozen protesters sang, chanted and drummed both inside and outside other bank locations. Chase spokeswoman Darcy Donahoe-Wilmot in an email declined to comment on the protests. She did not respond to a follow-up email. Protester Peter Weston, center, is searched by police after being arrested for declining to leave a Chase bank branch where he had been demonstrating Monday, May 8, 2017, in Seattle. Climate activists opposed to oil pipeline projects demonstrated at several JPMorgan Chase bank locations in Seattle on Monday, calling on the bank not to do business with TransCanada, the company pushing for the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Elaine Thompson AP Photo Protesters Ramona Lawson, right, tries to keep a customer from a teller window during a demonstration inside a Chase bank branch Monday, May 8, 2017, in Seattle. Lawson was one of three protesters who later declined to leave the bank and were arrested. Climate activists opposed to oil pipeline projects demonstrated at several JPMorgan Chase bank locations in Seattle on Monday, calling on the bank not to do business with TransCanada, the company pushing for the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Elaine Thompson AP Photo As Seattle City Council member Mike O'Brien stands with protesters outside, second left, as demonstrators inside a Chase bank branch try to block off the entrance to the bank Monday, May 8, 2017, in Seattle. Climate activists opposed to oil pipeline projects demonstrated at several JPMorgan Chase bank locations in Seattle on Monday, calling on the bank not to do business with TransCanada, the company pushing for the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Elaine Thompson AP Photo A security officer and a bank employee stand at an entrance to prevent further entry as demonstrators behind them hold up a sign during a protest inside a downtown Chase bank branch Monday, May 8, 2017, in Seattle. Climate activists opposed to oil pipeline projects demonstrated at several JPMorgan Chase bank locations in Seattle on Monday, calling on the bank not to do business with TransCanada, the company pushing for the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Elaine Thompson AP Photo Roxanne White, right, a member of the Yakama Nation, sings during a protest inside a Chase bank branch Monday, May 8, 2017, in Seattle. Climate activists opposed to oil pipeline projects demonstrated at several JPMorgan Chase bank locations in Seattle on Monday, calling on the bank not to do business with TransCanada, the company pushing for the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Elaine Thompson AP Photo 1 of 5 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 2:35 an hour ago Enter to win Super VIP and VIP tickets to the 2017 Carolina Country Music Fest in Myrtle Beach, SC 1:36 5 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.9 View More Video National Business S. Koreans vote for new president to succeed ousted Park Indian tycoon Vijay Mallya guilty of disobeying top court Shares mixed in Asia as SKorea elects new president Colorado GOP blocks nation's 1st well-mapping requirement White House climate change meeting postponed National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Business Real Estate 72° Full Menu 72° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Police officers inside look toward demonstrators outside a Chase bank branch Monday, May 8, 2017, in Seattle. Climate activists opposed to oil pipeline projects demonstrated at several JPMorgan Chase bank locations in Seattle on Monday, calling on the bank not to do business with TransCanada, the company pushing for the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Elaine Thompson AP Photo Business May 08, 2017 8:23 PM 26 arrested as climate activists target JPMorgan Chase banks The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story SEATTLE Seattle police say a total of 26 climate activists were arrested, many at their request, during demonstrations at several JPMorgan Chase bank locations in Seattle. They were calling on the bank not to do business with TransCanada, the company pushing for the Keystone XL oil pipeline. An Associated Press photographer witnessed officers handcuffing and arresting three people at one bank branch in Seattle's International District Monday afternoon. Seattle police said the arrests were made after warnings were given that people could be arrested if they didn't leave. Several protesters earlier stood in front of teller windows and told customers the bank was closed. Several dozen protesters sang, chanted and drummed both inside and outside other bank locations. Chase spokeswoman Darcy Donahoe-Wilmot in an email declined to comment on the protests. She did not respond to a follow-up email. Protester Peter Weston, center, is searched by police after being arrested for declining to leave a Chase bank branch where he had been demonstrating Monday, May 8, 2017, in Seattle. Climate activists opposed to oil pipeline projects demonstrated at several JPMorgan Chase bank locations in Seattle on Monday, calling on the bank not to do business with TransCanada, the company pushing for the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Elaine Thompson AP Photo Protesters Ramona Lawson, right, tries to keep a customer from a teller window during a demonstration inside a Chase bank branch Monday, May 8, 2017, in Seattle. Lawson was one of three protesters who later declined to leave the bank and were arrested. Climate activists opposed to oil pipeline projects demonstrated at several JPMorgan Chase bank locations in Seattle on Monday, calling on the bank not to do business with TransCanada, the company pushing for the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Elaine Thompson AP Photo As Seattle City Council member Mike O'Brien stands with protesters outside, second left, as demonstrators inside a Chase bank branch try to block off the entrance to the bank Monday, May 8, 2017, in Seattle. Climate activists opposed to oil pipeline projects demonstrated at several JPMorgan Chase bank locations in Seattle on Monday, calling on the bank not to do business with TransCanada, the company pushing for the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Elaine Thompson AP Photo A security officer and a bank employee stand at an entrance to prevent further entry as demonstrators behind them hold up a sign during a protest inside a downtown Chase bank branch Monday, May 8, 2017, in Seattle. Climate activists opposed to oil pipeline projects demonstrated at several JPMorgan Chase bank locations in Seattle on Monday, calling on the bank not to do business with TransCanada, the company pushing for the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Elaine Thompson AP Photo Roxanne White, right, a member of the Yakama Nation, sings during a protest inside a Chase bank branch Monday, May 8, 2017, in Seattle. Climate activists opposed to oil pipeline projects demonstrated at several JPMorgan Chase bank locations in Seattle on Monday, calling on the bank not to do business with TransCanada, the company pushing for the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Elaine Thompson AP Photo 1 of 5 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago Young entrepreneurs explain the idea behind "Smart Straws" 0:58 3 days ago Young entrepreneurs explain the idea behind "Smart Straws" 0:29 5 days ago Young entrepreneur explains the idea behind "Micki's" 0:31 5 days ago Young entrepreneur explains the idea behind "VetNet" View More Video Business S. Koreans vote for new president to succeed ousted Park Colorado GOP blocks nation's 1st well-mapping requirement White House climate change meeting postponed Los Angeles company recalls deer-antler tea after 2 get sick UN climate talks begin amid uncertainty over US position Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Four accused in Hockinson-area robbery, killing Man burned in fire near La Center Six arrested in DUI enforcement blitz Laundry Love in limbo after car crashes into building Villages Clark County to launch in 2018 Survey of needs has data to mine C-Tran enters contract negotiations with candidate for CEO job Vancouver man in court after child porn investigation Four accused in Hockinson-area robbery, killing A man shot to death last month had been with his girlfriend when the two were robbed of a vehicle… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines High school scoreboard 5-9 Prep roundup: Cox takes lead at 4A district golf Blake’s Battle: Concussions kept senior sidelined for 3½ years   Warriors sweep Jazz with 121-95 win in Game 4 Community sports scoreboard 5-8 Bonneville Dam fish count 5/8 Nominees for Week 7 spring sports prep athlete of the week Yankees beat Cubs 5-4 in 18 innings Weekly high school sports schedule, May 8-13 Clark athletics: Middle of Penguins lineup powers victory Nominees for Week 7 spring sports prep athlete of the week Voting, sponsored by Athletes Corner, continues through Thursday Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories C-Tran enters contract negotiations with candidate for CEO job U.S. stock indexes nudge again to record highs Inslee signs Wilson’s small-business bill Climate activists target JPMorgan Chase banks Bumble Bee admits fixing prices, is fined $25 million Comcast-Charter confirm wireless deal with ‘no-adultery clause’ Sinclair says it will buy Tribune Media KapStone has big bucks riding on biomass bill in Longview Deschutes Brewery to build wastewater treatment facility Coach buying Kate Spade for $2.4 billion C-Tran enters contract negotiations with candidate for CEO job C-Tran has entered into contract negotiations with the person it has chosen to become its new executive director/CEO. Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories MTV Awards salute ‘Beauty and the Beast,’ ‘Stranger Things’ Vancouver cancer patient keeps up the fight Moore to open on Broadway Hoof it or wing it to Oregon luxury lodge Brazil’s Ilha Grande has slow pace, clean sand Check it out: Get caught reading this month Disney hyperspace ride touches down There will be mud — and probably blood, too Lea Michele’s first solo tour takes her into comfort zone Aimee Mann changes key in ‘Mental Illness’ MTV Awards salute ‘Beauty and the Beast,’ ‘Stranger Things’ LOS ANGELES — Film hit "Beauty and the Beast" and Netflix newcomer "Stranger Things" were the night's big winners with… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Focus on Future Jobs Pitts: Why hasn’t Levar Jones’ shooter been sentenced? Letter: City needs a climate plan Letter: Letter misses the mark Letter: Trains provide mobility Letter: Investigate Russian connection Letter: We need more than lip service In Our View: Health Bill Irresponsible Jayne: On I-5 Bridge, Gov. Inslee misreads county’s pulse Will: Does Trump know? No Editorial Cartoons May 7-13 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Neighbors adjusting to life near Ilani casino Eagle Scouts You Can Help Everybody has a story: Learning on grandmother’s antique machine sows frustration Applause Hockinson students win honors for letters to authors Police Activities League receives money from Nike Church celebrates Easter with party, van donation Fred Meyer shoppers, employees donate to food bank Eighth-grader’s essay reaches national competition Neighbors adjusting to life near Ilani casino The long-anticipated Ilani Casino Resort opened to much fanfare last week, and with it came a traffic backup of more… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Climate activists target JPMorgan Chase banks Published: May 8, 2017, 4:33 PM A   A SEATTLE – Climate activists opposed to oil pipeline projects are demonstrating at several JPMorgan Chase bank locations in Seattle. They’re calling on the bank not to do business with TransCanada, the company pushing for the Keystone XL oil pipeline. An Associated Press photographer witnessed officers handcuffing and arresting three people at one bank branch in Seattle’s International District on Monday afternoon. Several protesters earlier stood in front of teller windows and told customers the bank was closed. A police sergeant gave the group a few warnings to leave before officers moved in to make arrests. A police spokesman could not immediately say how many people had been arrested during demonstrations Monday.   Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Reuters - 9,000 banking jobs are likely to go Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now                                                                               "There's no waiting." The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Reuters reports that last week Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London's growth as a financial centre could "stall" as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS, and Citigroup have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union's single market when Britain leaves the bloc. "It's full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning," said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. "There's no waiting." Hit the link below to access the complete Reuters article: Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit Paris to redouble efforts to attract Brexit banks after Macron win Show Comments And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2017 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ COMMENTS Show Comments Register for Financial Markets News Alerts About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Monster Beverage Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Monster Beverage Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tailored Brands Inc (TLRD) Given Hold Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Monster Beverage Co. (MNST) Given “Overweight” Rating at Morgan Stanley Sito Mobile Ltd (SITO) Given Buy Rating at Maxim Group Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.76 Per Share Analysts Set Premier Oil PLC (PMO) Price Target at $91.80 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Compass Minerals International (CMP) Share Price Costco Wholesale (COST) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI) Receiving Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Report Shows Capstone Turbine (CPST) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.10 WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research B&G Foods, Inc. (BGS) Stake Held by Capital Management Associates NY Toro Co (TTC) Position Lowered by Elkfork Partners LLC Elkfork Partners LLC Has $5.528 Million Stake in Quanta Services Inc (PWR) C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) Position Lowered by Elkfork Partners LLC Elkfork Partners LLC Continues to Hold Position in NxStage Medical, Inc. (NXTM) Mattel, Inc. (MAT) Stake Decreased by Strategic Advisors LLC Wellington Shields Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in Twitter Inc (TWTR) Wellington Shields Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Capstead Mortgage Co. (CMO) Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $1.329997 Billion Position in Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) 25,000 Shares in Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Acquired by Wellington Shields Capital Management LLC Monster Beverage Co. (MNST) Given “Overweight” Rating at Morgan Stanley May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Morgan Stanley reiterated their overweight rating on shares of Monster Beverage Co. (NASDAQ:MNST) in a research note issued to investors on Friday morning. Morgan Stanley currently has a $58.00 price objective on the stock. A number of other research firms have also commented on MNST. Goldman Sachs Group Inc lowered Monster Beverage from a conviction-buy rating to a buy rating and set a $54.00 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Monday, April 17th. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a buy rating and issued a $59.00 price objective on shares of Monster Beverage in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Monster Beverage in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. They issued an overweight rating and a $56.00 price objective on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price objective on Monster Beverage from $60.00 to $62.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reiterated an outperform rating and issued a $55.00 price objective on shares of Monster Beverage in a research note on Saturday, January 14th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eleven have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. Monster Beverage currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $56.46. Monster Beverage (NASDAQ:MNST) traded up 2.17% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $48.48. The stock had a trading volume of 5,824,044 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $45.90 and its 200 day moving average price is $45.05. Monster Beverage has a 12-month low of $40.64 and a 12-month high of $55.50. The stock has a market cap of $27.53 billion, a P/E ratio of 39.03 and a beta of 0.77. Monster Beverage (NASDAQ:MNST) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $0.33 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.32 by $0.01. Monster Beverage had a return on equity of 17.06% and a net margin of 23.07%. The company earned $742.10 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $738.54 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.79 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 9.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that Monster Beverage will post $1.48 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/monster-beverage-co-mnst-given-overweight-rating-at-morgan-stanley.html. In related news, insider Mark J. Hall sold 487,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $46.34, for a total transaction of $22,590,750.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 1,031,808 shares in the company, valued at $47,813,982.72. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director Harold C. Taber, Jr. sold 15,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $47.08, for a total value of $706,200.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 70,001 shares in the company, valued at $3,295,647.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 595,500 shares of company stock worth $27,586,110 over the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own 9.20% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Montag & Caldwell LLC raised its position in shares of Monster Beverage by 17.0% in the third quarter. Montag & Caldwell LLC now owns 840,303 shares of the company’s stock valued at $123,365,000 after buying an additional 121,980 shares in the last quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. raised its position in shares of Monster Beverage by 5.7% in the third quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 369,387 shares of the company’s stock valued at $54,230,000 after buying an additional 20,009 shares in the last quarter. First Trust Advisors LP raised its position in shares of Monster Beverage by 760.3% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 313,691 shares of the company’s stock valued at $46,053,000 after buying an additional 277,229 shares in the last quarter. Jennison Associates LLC raised its position in shares of Monster Beverage by 1.3% in the third quarter. Jennison Associates LLC now owns 5,775,664 shares of the company’s stock valued at $847,925,000 after buying an additional 72,067 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Quantbot Technologies LP purchased a new position in shares of Monster Beverage during the third quarter valued at about $2,647,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 28.01% of the company’s stock. Monster Beverage Company Profile Monster Beverage Corporation is a holding company. The Company develop, market, sell and distribute alternative beverage category beverages under the brand names of Monster Energy, Monster Rehab, Monster Energy Extra Strength Nitrous Technology, Java Monster, X-Presso Monster, Muscle Monster, Punch Monster, Hansen’s, Hansen’s Natural Cane Soda, Junior Juice, Blue Sky, Hubert’s, Worx Energy and Peace Tea. Receive News & Ratings for Monster Beverage Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Monster Beverage Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance LKQ Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Foot Locker (FL) Share Price LKQ Co. (LKQ) Director Sukhpal S. Ahluwalia Acquires 1,500 Shares Novae Group Plc (NVA) Insider Reeken Patel Buys 72 Shares ARMOUR Residential REIT, Inc. (ARR) COO Mark Gruber Acquires 2,000 Shares RPX Corp (RPXC) CRO Steven S. Swank Sells 4,679 Shares Chemed Co. (CHE) Director Donald E. Saunders Sells 400 Shares S&W Seed Company (SANW) Director Glen D. Bornt Sells 12,726 Shares of Stock Endologix (ELGX) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Legg Mason (LM) Share Price Somewhat Critical Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Hertz Global Holdings (HTZ) Stock Price Hudson Global Inc (HSON) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Expectations Hardinge Inc. (HDNG) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Marriott International Inc (MAR) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance Teladoc Inc (TDOC) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Inovalon Holdings Inc (INOV) Trading Up 6.9% Following Insider Buying Activity Investors Buy Shares of 3M Co (MMM) on Weakness Following Insider Selling Petmed Express Inc (PETS) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume on Strong Earnings Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Trading Down 6.1% Following Weak Earnings Tower Semiconductor Ltd. (TSEM) Stock Price Up 12.4% After Earnings Beat Leaf Group Ltd (LFGR) Announces Earnings Results LKQ Co. (LKQ) Director Sukhpal S. Ahluwalia Acquires 1,500 Shares May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ) Director Sukhpal S. Ahluwalia acquired 1,500 shares of LKQ stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 2nd. The shares were purchased at an average price of $31.46 per share, for a total transaction of $47,190.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Shares of LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ) traded down 0.32% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $31.42. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,529,470 shares. LKQ Co. has a 52-week low of $27.85 and a 52-week high of $36.35. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $29.47 and a 200-day moving average price of $31.31. The company has a market capitalization of $9.69 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.00 and a beta of 0.51. LKQ (NASDAQ:LKQ) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The auto parts company reported $0.49 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.46 by $0.03. The company had revenue of $2.34 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.31 billion. LKQ had a return on equity of 16.41% and a net margin of 5.48%. The business’s revenue was up 21.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.42 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that LKQ Co. will post $1.87 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/lkq-co-lkq-director-sukhpal-s-ahluwalia-acquires-1500-shares.html. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on LKQ in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $41.00 target price on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised LKQ from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, May 1st. William Blair reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of LKQ in a research report on Monday, February 27th. FBR & Co reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $41.00 target price (up from $40.00) on shares of LKQ in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $37.00 target price on shares of LKQ in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $39.25. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Profund Advisors LLC raised its position in LKQ by 0.3% in the first quarter. Profund Advisors LLC now owns 7,384 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $216,000 after buying an additional 22 shares in the last quarter. Albert D Mason Inc. raised its position in LKQ by 0.6% in the first quarter. Albert D Mason Inc. now owns 13,343 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $391,000 after buying an additional 80 shares in the last quarter. Eqis Capital Management Inc. raised its position in LKQ by 1.4% in the first quarter. Eqis Capital Management Inc. now owns 13,720 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $402,000 after buying an additional 186 shares in the last quarter. Bell Bank raised its position in LKQ by 4.1% in the first quarter. Bell Bank now owns 7,220 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $211,000 after buying an additional 285 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Advantus Capital Management Inc raised its position in LKQ by 1.0% in the third quarter. Advantus Capital Management Inc now owns 30,468 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $1,080,000 after buying an additional 315 shares in the last quarter. 88.66% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. LKQ Company Profile LKQ Corporation (LKQ) is a distributor of vehicle products, including replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, as well as specialty vehicle products and accessories, and automotive glass products. The Company’s segments include Wholesale-North America; Europe; Specialty, and Self Service. Receive News & Ratings for LKQ Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance The Medicines Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Medicines Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News QTS Realty Trust Inc (QTS) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.39 Navient Corp (NAVI) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.33 Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect The Medicines Company (MDCO) Stock Price Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.03 Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.01 Heska Corp (HSKA) Director Sharon J. Larson Purchases 1,000 Shares Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for PTC (PTC) American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Director James F. Albaugh Acquires 3,000 Shares of Stock K12 Inc. (LRN) Director Guillermo Bron Sells 7,000 Shares of Stock Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Position Decreased by Pekin Singer Strauss Asset Management IL HPM Partners LLC Takes Position in Cemex SAB de CV (CX) Henderson Group PLC Lowers Position in Hubbell Incorporated (HUBB) HPM Partners LLC Buys Shares of 3,801 T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) HPM Partners LLC Invests $281,000 in Deluxe Co. (DLX) HPM Partners LLC Purchases New Stake in Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) HPM Partners LLC Invests $327,000 in Sanofi SA (SNY) Henderson Group PLC Has $133 Million Stake in Proto Labs Inc (PRLB) Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Shares Bought by Henderson Group PLC Henderson Group PLC Has $16.801 Million Stake in MAXIMUS, Inc. (MMS) BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI) Stake Reduced by Henderson Group PLC Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect The Medicines Company (MDCO) Stock Price May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media stories about The Medicines Company (NASDAQ:MDCO) have trended somewhat positive on Monday, according to AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis. The research firm, a division of Accern, ranks the sentiment of news coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. The Medicines Company earned a news impact score of 0.12 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned news articles about the company an impact score of 92 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is extremely likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near future. These are some of the news stories that may have impacted Alpha One Sentiment Analysis’s scoring: Do Options Traders Know Something About Medicines Company (MDCO) Stock We Don’t? (zacks.com) Do Options Traders Know Something About Medicines Company (MDCO) Stock We Don't? (finance.yahoo.com) The Medicines Company (MDCO) Short Interest Up 3.6% in April (americanbankingnews.com) The Medicines Company to Participate in the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Health Care Conference – Yahoo Finance (finance.yahoo.com) The Medicines Company to Participate in the Bank of America … – Business Wire (press release) (businesswire.com) Several brokerages have recently commented on MDCO. Cowen and Company boosted their price objective on The Medicines Company from $39.00 to $61.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $62.00 price objective on shares of The Medicines Company in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. HC Wainwright reissued a “buy” rating and set a $60.00 price objective on shares of The Medicines Company in a report on Monday, March 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of The Medicines Company in a report on Saturday, March 18th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating on shares of The Medicines Company in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company. The Medicines Company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $55.50. Shares of The Medicines Company (NASDAQ:MDCO) traded down 1.75% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $46.62. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 844,852 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $50.55 and its 200-day moving average price is $42.61. The stock’s market capitalization is $3.29 billion. The Medicines Company has a 12-month low of $30.80 and a 12-month high of $55.95. The Medicines Company (NASDAQ:MDCO) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported ($1.44) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($1.13) by $0.31. The Medicines Company had a negative return on equity of 35.07% and a negative net margin of 96.44%. The firm earned $24.20 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $37.76 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned ($1.03) EPS. The business’s revenue was down 51.9% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that The Medicines Company will post ($5.48) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. In other The Medicines Company news, CFO William Bernard O’connor sold 25,833 shares of The Medicines Company stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $46.20, for a total value of $1,193,484.60. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 30,935 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,429,197. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Insiders own 7.90% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/somewhat-positive-news-coverage-extremely-likely-to-affect-the-medicines-company-mdco-stock-price.html. The Medicines Company Company Profile The Medicines Company is a global biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on advancing the treatment of acute and intensive care patients through the delivery of medicines to the hospital marketplace around the world. It markets Angiomax (bivalirudin), Ionsys (fentanyl iontophoretic transdermal system), Minocin (minocycline) for injection and Orbactiv (oritavancin). Receive News & Ratings for The Medicines Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Medicines Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Severn Trent Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Severn Trent Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Givaudan Sa (GVDNY) Given “Sell” Rating at Sanford C. Bernstein Severn Trent Plc (SVT) Receives “Buy” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Outokumpu Oyj (OUTKY) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research QTS Realty Trust Inc (QTS) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.39 Navient Corp (NAVI) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.33 Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect The Medicines Company (MDCO) Stock Price Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.03 Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.01 Heska Corp (HSKA) Director Sharon J. Larson Purchases 1,000 Shares Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for PTC (PTC) American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Director James F. Albaugh Acquires 3,000 Shares of Stock K12 Inc. (LRN) Director Guillermo Bron Sells 7,000 Shares of Stock Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Position Decreased by Pekin Singer Strauss Asset Management IL HPM Partners LLC Takes Position in Cemex SAB de CV (CX) Henderson Group PLC Lowers Position in Hubbell Incorporated (HUBB) HPM Partners LLC Buys Shares of 3,801 T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) HPM Partners LLC Invests $281,000 in Deluxe Co. (DLX) HPM Partners LLC Purchases New Stake in Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) HPM Partners LLC Invests $327,000 in Sanofi SA (SNY) Henderson Group PLC Has $133 Million Stake in Proto Labs Inc (PRLB) Severn Trent Plc (SVT) Receives “Buy” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG restated their buy rating on shares of Severn Trent Plc (LON:SVT) in a research note published on Friday morning. The firm currently has a GBX 2,300 ($29.75) target price on the stock. Several other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on SVT. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an underperform rating and set a GBX 2,100 ($27.16) price target on shares of Severn Trent Plc in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Macquarie decreased their price target on Severn Trent Plc from GBX 2,700 ($34.92) to GBX 2,660 ($34.40) and set an outperform rating on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Beaufort Securities reiterated a buy rating on shares of Severn Trent Plc in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a neutral rating on shares of Severn Trent Plc in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc lowered Severn Trent Plc to a reduce rating and cut their price objective for the stock from GBX 2,330 ($30.13) to GBX 2,200 ($28.45) in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. Severn Trent Plc has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 2,301.43 ($29.76). Shares of Severn Trent Plc (LON:SVT) traded up 0.67% during midday trading on Friday, reaching GBX 2389.00. 797,408 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 2,379.65 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 2,279.88. Severn Trent Plc has a 12 month low of GBX 2,047.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 2,526.00. The company’s market cap is GBX 5.64 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/severn-trent-plc-svt-receives-buy-rating-from-deutsche-bank-ag.html. About Severn Trent Plc Severn Trent Plc treats and provides water and removes wastewater in the United Kingdom and internationally. The Company provides clean water and wastewater services through its businesses, Severn Trent Water and Severn Trent Business Services. It operates through two segments: Regulated Water and Waste Water, and Business Services. Receive News & Ratings for Severn Trent Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Severn Trent Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Welltower Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Welltower Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Welltower’s (HCN) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity Murphy Oil’s (MUR) Underperform Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Kennedy-Wilson Holdings Inc (KW) Downgraded by JMP Securities to “Market Perform” Macy's Inc (M) Receives Buy Rating from Wunderlich Imperva Inc (IMPV) Price Target Increased to $55.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Home Depot Inc (HD) Receives “Buy” Rating from BTIG Research Kellogg Company (K) Given New $81.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Navigant Consulting, Inc. (NCI) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Live Nation Entertainment’s (LYV) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Gartner Inc (IT) Receives Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Receives $64.80 Average PT from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mid-America Apartment Communities Inc (MAA) Target Price at $108.91 Brokerages Set Dillard's, Inc. (DDS) Target Price at $59.00 Daiwa Securities Group Inc. Has $2.396 Million Stake in Incyte Co. (INCY) Noble Energy, Inc. (NBL) Shares Sold by Tower Bridge Advisors Carl Domino Inc Has $1.055 Million Stake in CA, Inc. (CA) Interpublic Group of Companies Inc (IPG) Shares Sold by Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV Buys 731 Shares of Interpublic Group of Companies Inc (IPG) Ball Co. (BLL) Downgraded to “Hold” at Vertical Research CBS’s (CBS) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Cowen and Company Welltower’s (HCN) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Canaccord Genuity restated their buy rating on shares of Welltower Inc (NYSE:HCN) in a research note released on Friday. They currently have a $86.00 price target on the real estate investment trust’s stock. Several other analysts also recently weighed in on the company. Royal Bank of Canada restated a hold rating and set a $72.00 target price on shares of Welltower in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Welltower from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Evercore ISI downgraded Welltower from an in-line rating to an underperform rating in a research note on Monday, April 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their target price on Welltower from $71.00 to $72.00 and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, Morgan Stanley upgraded Welltower from an equal weight rating to an overweight rating and set a $73.00 target price for the company in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. Welltower has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $72.57. Shares of Welltower (NYSE:HCN) traded down 0.11% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $69.72. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,813,181 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $71.25 and a 200-day moving average of $67.49. The firm has a market capitalization of $25.28 billion, a PE ratio of 21.48 and a beta of 0.19. Welltower has a 52 week low of $59.39 and a 52 week high of $80.19. Welltower (NYSE:HCN) last announced its earnings results on Friday, May 5th. The real estate investment trust reported $1.05 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $1.05. The company earned $1.06 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.05 billion. Welltower had a return on equity of 6.37% and a net margin of 20.74%. The company’s revenue was up 1.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.42 earnings per share. Equities research analysts forecast that Welltower will post $1.77 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/welltowers-hcn-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-canaccord-genuity.html. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 22nd. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, May 9th will be issued a $0.87 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, May 5th. This represents a $3.48 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 4.99%. Welltower’s dividend payout ratio is currently 153.98%. In other Welltower news, insider Paul D. Nungester, Jr. sold 6,452 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.26, for a total value of $453,317.52. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 33,795 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,374,436.70. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Fred S. Klipsch sold 2,606 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $67.14, for a total transaction of $174,966.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.29% of the company’s stock. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of HCN. Trust Co. of Vermont boosted its position in shares of Welltower by 42.7% in the first quarter. Trust Co. of Vermont now owns 1,505 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $107,000 after buying an additional 450 shares in the last quarter. Advantage Investment Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Welltower during the fourth quarter worth about $110,000. Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. boosted its position in shares of Welltower by 47.6% in the first quarter. Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. now owns 1,584 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 511 shares in the last quarter. Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. boosted its position in shares of Welltower by 13.2% in the first quarter. Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. now owns 1,813 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $128,000 after buying an additional 212 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Ledyard National Bank boosted its position in shares of Welltower by 42.7% in the first quarter. Ledyard National Bank now owns 1,820 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 545 shares in the last quarter. 84.96% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Welltower Company Profile Welltower Inc invests with seniors housing operators, post-acute providers and health systems to fund real estate and infrastructure. The Company invests in seniors housing and healthcare real estate. It operates in three segments: triple-net, seniors housing operating and outpatient medical. Welltower, a real estate investment trust (REIT), owns interests in properties concentrated in markets in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, consisting of seniors housing and post-acute communities, and outpatient medical properties. Receive News & Ratings for Welltower Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Welltower Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rolls-Royce Holding PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News RMG Networks Holding Co. (RMGN) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Estimates Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.11 EPS MAXIMUS, Inc. (MMS) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS Smith & Nephew plc’s (SN) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Goldman Sachs Group Inc RSA Insurance Group plc (RSA) Price Target Raised to GBX 670 at Canaccord Genuity Buckingham Research Downgrades DSW Inc. (DSW) to Neutral Morses Club PLC’s (MCL) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Beaufort Securities NEXT plc (NXT) Receives Underperform Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Royal Dutch Shell Plc’s (RDSA) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Patagonia Gold plc’s (PGD) “not rated” Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA) Price Target Raised to GBX 2,500 at Credit Suisse Group AG Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given “Outperform” Rating at Macquarie Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (RR) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,037 at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Redcentric PLC’s (RCN) “Corporate” Rating Reaffirmed at FinnCap 2,388 Shares in Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Acquired by SpiderRock Advisors LLC Moody Lynn & Lieberson LLC Buys Shares of 54,950 Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Beneficial Bancorp, Inc. (BNCL) Position Boosted by Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. Reduces Stake in Red Hat Inc (RHT) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Has $34.621 Million Position in Packaging Corp Of America (PKG) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Lowers Position in HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (RR) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,037 at Goldman Sachs Group Inc May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (LON:RR) had its price objective boosted by Goldman Sachs Group Inc from GBX 1,030 ($13.32) to GBX 1,037 ($13.41) in a report published on Friday morning. The brokerage currently has a conviction-buy rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their target price on Rolls-Royce Holding PLC from GBX 890 ($11.51) to GBX 730 ($9.44) and set a neutral rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Liberum Capital restated a hold rating and set a GBX 670 ($8.67) target price (up previously from GBX 560 ($7.24)) on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Berenberg Bank boosted their target price on Rolls-Royce Holding PLC from GBX 710 ($9.18) to GBX 770 ($9.96) and gave the stock a hold rating in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Citigroup Inc restated a buy rating and set a GBX 920 ($11.90) target price on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Finally, Barclays PLC restated an underweight rating and set a GBX 480 ($6.21) target price on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating, two have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 697.60 ($9.02). Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (LON:RR) traded down 0.35% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting GBX 850.21. 6,176,019 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Rolls-Royce Holding PLC has a one year low of GBX 588.00 and a one year high of GBX 875.50. The stock’s market cap is GBX 15.65 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 795.02 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 726.53. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (RR) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,037 at Goldman Sachs Group Inc” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/rolls-royce-holding-plc-rr-price-target-raised-to-gbx-1037-at-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 27th will be issued a GBX 7.10 ($0.09) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 0.95%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 27th. In related news, insider Kevin Smith bought 335 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, April 7th. The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 788 ($10.19) per share, with a total value of £2,639.80 ($3,414.12). Also, insider Ruth Cairnie bought 229 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 8th. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 848 ($10.97) per share, for a total transaction of £1,941.92 ($2,511.54). In the last three months, insiders bought 1,196 shares of company stock worth $916,249. Rolls-Royce Holding PLC Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rolls-Royce Holding PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Cameco Corp (CCJ) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect The Chefs Warehouse (CHEF) Share Price Clearsign Combustion Corp (CLIR) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.06 Choice Hotels International (CHH) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Cobalt International Energy (CIE) Earning Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact CIGNA (CI) Share Price Continental Resources (CLR) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.23 Check Point Software Technologies (CHKP) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows Vectura Group PLC (VEC) Insider Andrew Derodra Acquires 105 Shares South32 Ltd (S32) Receives Outperform Rating from Macquarie Cincinnati Financial (CINF) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.34 Cobham plc (COB) Price Target Raised to GBX 143 at Citigroup Inc Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (RR) Given Buy Rating at Citigroup Inc Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Director Sells $62,681.08 in Stock LRAD Corp (LRAD) Director Acquires $21,120.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Gran Tierra Energy Inc (GTE) Insider Buys 15,150 Shares of Stock OFS Capital Corp (OFS) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ITT Inc. (ITT) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) Given a €27.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Given a €7.50 Price Target by equinet AG Analysts Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (RR) Given Buy Rating at Citigroup Inc May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Citigroup Inc restated their buy rating on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (LON:RR) in a research note published on Friday. They currently have a GBX 912 ($11.80) target price on the stock. Several other equities analysts have also recently commented on the stock. Liberum Capital reissued a hold rating and set a GBX 670 ($8.67) target price on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC in a research note on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a neutral rating and set a GBX 740 ($9.57) price objective on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Credit Suisse Group AG restated an underperform rating and set a GBX 665 ($8.60) price objective on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Deutsche Bank AG raised their price objective on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC from GBX 475 ($6.14) to GBX 540 ($6.98) and gave the company a sell rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, Barclays PLC restated an underweight rating and set a GBX 480 ($6.21) price objective on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating, two have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. Rolls-Royce Holding PLC has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 697.60 ($9.02). Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (LON:RR) traded down 0.35% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching GBX 850.50. 6,175,907 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 15.64 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 795.02 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 726.53. Rolls-Royce Holding PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 588.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 875.50. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (RR) Given Buy Rating at Citigroup Inc” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/rolls-royce-holding-plc-rr-given-buy-rating-at-citigroup-inc.html. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 27th will be issued a dividend of GBX 7.10 ($0.09) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 0.95%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 27th. In other news, insider Kevin Smith purchased 377 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were bought at an average price of GBX 701 ($9.07) per share, with a total value of £2,642.77 ($3,417.96). Also, insider Ruth Cairnie purchased 255 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of GBX 760 ($9.83) per share, for a total transaction of £1,938 ($2,506.47). Over the last 90 days, insiders have purchased 1,196 shares of company stock valued at $916,249. Rolls-Royce Holding PLC Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vectura Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vectura Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Cameco Corp (CCJ) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect The Chefs Warehouse (CHEF) Share Price Clearsign Combustion Corp (CLIR) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.06 Choice Hotels International (CHH) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Cobalt International Energy (CIE) Earning Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact CIGNA (CI) Share Price Continental Resources (CLR) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.23 Check Point Software Technologies (CHKP) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows Vectura Group PLC (VEC) Insider Andrew Derodra Acquires 105 Shares South32 Ltd (S32) Receives Outperform Rating from Macquarie Cincinnati Financial (CINF) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.34 Cobham plc (COB) Price Target Raised to GBX 143 at Citigroup Inc Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (RR) Given Buy Rating at Citigroup Inc Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Director Sells $62,681.08 in Stock LRAD Corp (LRAD) Director Acquires $21,120.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Gran Tierra Energy Inc (GTE) Insider Buys 15,150 Shares of Stock OFS Capital Corp (OFS) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results ITT Inc. (ITT) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) Given a €27.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Given a €7.50 Price Target by equinet AG Analysts Vectura Group PLC (VEC) Insider Andrew Derodra Acquires 105 Shares May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Vectura Group PLC (LON:VEC) insider Andrew Derodra bought 105 shares of Vectura Group PLC stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 5th. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 143 ($1.85) per share, with a total value of £150.15 ($194.19). Andrew Derodra also recently made the following trade(s): On Thursday, April 6th, Andrew Derodra bought 99 shares of Vectura Group PLC stock. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 152 ($1.97) per share, with a total value of £150.48 ($194.62). Vectura Group PLC (LON:VEC) traded up 0.91% on Monday, reaching GBX 144.20. The company had a trading volume of 5,101,143 shares. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 977.18 million. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 150.78 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 142.66. Vectura Group PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 122.90 and a 12 month high of GBX 174.10. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/vectura-group-plc-vec-insider-andrew-derodra-acquires-105-shares.html. Several equities research analysts have recently commented on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 240 ($3.10) target price on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Peel Hunt reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 200 ($2.59) target price on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Stifel Nicolaus reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 225 ($2.91) target price on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Investec reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 220 ($2.85) target price on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, N+1 Singer reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 202 ($2.61) target price on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of GBX 220.25 ($2.85). Vectura Group PLC Company Profile Vectura Group plc is engaged in research, development and commercialization of therapeutic products and drug delivery systems for human use. The Company’s products include Ultibro Breezhaler (European Union (EU) and Rest of World (RoW)) – LABA-LAMA; Seebri Breezhaler (EU and RoW) – LAMA; AirFluSal Forspiro (EU and RoW) – ICS-LABA; ADVATE (Global) – Antihaemophilic Factor (Recombinant); Adept (Global) – Icodextrin; Anoro Ellipta (Global) – LAMA-LABA; Relvar Ellipta/Breo Ellipta (Global) – ICS-LABA, and Incruse Ellipta (Global) – LAMA. Receive News & Ratings for Vectura Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vectura Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home e-Paper E-MAGAZINES News Business Sports Classifieds Family Notices Commentary Entertainment TicketNation Life Style Region World Multimedia Blogs Crop Over Letters To Editor Independence Better Health E-publications Live Events Contact Us Nation Publishing Home e-Paper E-MAGAZINES News Business Sports Classifieds Family Notices Commentary Entertainment TicketNation Life Style Region World Multimedia Blogs Crop Over Letters To Editor BSTU calls urgent meeting BOSSES: Flawed Law ‘Lesson’ in baller’s killing BEATEN OVER BATH Bus board: Nothing to do with ad UK family’s struggle to get home BWA to carry on water rule Tuach to compete in Japan Alleyne, O’Neal first to win trophy Blackbirds’ seven spread their wings Home International Plans to move... Plans to move 9 000 jobs from Britain due to Brexit Reuters, Added 08 May 2017 Print MORE ARTICLES TOURISM MATTERS: Only hope for recovery Read More Goddard sets new course Read More Tuach to compete in Japan Read More Alleyne, O’Neal first to win trophy Read More DEAR CHRISTINE: Can’t get over boyfriend’s affair Read More Hypocrisy of developed states Read More Vogue editor Anna Wintour made a dame Read More LONDON – The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9 000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape.  Related articles AS I SEE THINGS: Brexit: A glance... Obama: No special treatment for... Parliament must vote before UK... Last week Standard Chartered (STAN.L) and JPMorgan (JPM.N) were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London.  Goldman Sachs (GS.N) chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London’s growth as a financial centre could “stall” as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS (UBSG.S), and Citigroup (C.N) have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union’s single market when Britain leaves the bloc.  Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. “It’s full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning,” said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. “There’s no waiting.” Although the moves would represent about two per cent of London’s finance jobs, Britain’s tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services.  The Institute for Fiscal Studies – a think tank focused on budget issues – said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population would have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit. The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown. (Reuters) Print JOIN THE DISCUSSION Dos and Donts Welcome to our discussion forum here on nationnews.com. We encourage lively debate, but we also urge you to take note of the following: Stay on topic – This helps keep the thread focused on the discussion at hand. If you would like to discuss another topic, look for a relevant article. Be respectful – Meeting differences of opinion with civil discussion encourages multiple perspectives and a positive commenting environment. Do not type in capitals – In addition to being considered “shouting” it is also difficult to read. All comments will be moderated – Given the volume of comments each day, this may take some time. So please be patient. We reserve the right to remove comments – Comments that we find to be abusive, spam, libellous, hateful, off-topic or harassing may be removed. Reproduction of comments – Some of your comments may be reproduced on the website or in our daily newspapers. We will use the handle, not your email address. Do not advertise – Please contact our Advertising Department. Contact our Online Editor if you have questions or concerns. Read our full Commenting Policy and Terms of Use. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus VIDEO More Videos Popular Latest Commented BSTU calls urgent meeting BOSSES: Flawed Law BEATEN OVER BATH ‘Lesson’ in baller’s killing Bus board: Nothing to do with ad BSTU calls urgent meeting BOSSES: Flawed Law ‘Lesson’ in baller’s killing BEATEN OVER BATH Bus board: Nothing to do with ad FRONT COVER OF TODAY'S NEWSPAPER TWITTER Tweets by @NationBarbados POLL Should backyard burning be prohibited? Yes No Don't Know INSTAGRAM CARTOON BLOGS Natanga Smith Eric Smith Justin Marville What's Trending Andi Thornhill Toni-Ann Johnson Antoinette Connell Talk Back View more Site Index Home News Business Sports Commentary Entertainment Lifestyle Region World E-Paper Multimedia Cartoon Blogs Classifieds Family Notices Partner Information Nation Publishing Stabroek News Starcom Network CCN-TV6 Trinidad Express Jamaica Gleaner One Caribbean Media Ltd. Print Web Caribbean Innogen Technologies Inc Services For information about this website or content published please contact the Webmaster or Online Editor, respectively. Regarding press releases please contact the News Room. Subscribe Subscribe to NationNews with our Webfeed. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Legal Copyright © 1997 - 2016, Nation Publishing Co. Limited • P.O. Box 1203, Fontabelle, St. Michael, BB11000, Barbados, West Indies • All Rights Reserved No unauthorized use is permitted of content produced by NationNews.com, The Nation Newspaper or any other publication or media owned by Nation Publishing Co. Limited. Unauthorized use includes framing and direct posting of content on websites other than www.nationnews.com. Terms of Use Commenting Policy Contact Us PBX: 246-430-5400 News Hotline: 246-430-1234 Classifieds: 246-430-5588 Advertising Manager: 246-430-5412 Subscriptions: 246-430-5503 Editor-In-Chief: 246-430-5456 Online Editor: 246-430-5441 Webmaster: 246-467-2894 Marketing Executive: 246-430-5589 General Fax: 246-427-6968 Editorial Fax: 246-436-0849 Advertising Fax: 246-430-9214 Classified Fax: 246-228-0830 Sheraton Fax: 246-435-5469
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Canon Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Camtek LTD. (CAMT) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Hologic, Inc. (HOLX) Director Lawrence M. Levy Sells 10,203 Shares Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, (BWP) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Agree Realty Co. (ADC) Director John Rakolta, Jr. Purchases 10,000 Shares of Stock Broadwind Energy (BWEN) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.26 Steris PLC (STE) Insider Daniel A. Carestio Sells 7,590 Shares of Stock Civitas Solutions Inc (CIVI) CFO Denis M. Holler Sells 25,000 Shares Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect CBOE Holdings (CBOE) Share Price Canon (CAJ) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.20 Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Issues Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.02 EPS Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance ANSYS, Inc. (ANSS) Lowered to “Neutral” at Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group B2Gold Corp’s (BTG) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Clarus Securities Genesis Energy, L.P. (GEL) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Net 1 UEPS Technologies Inc (UEPS) Lowered to C+ at TheStreet Chiasma Inc (CHMA) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.06 EPS Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Upgraded to “B” at TheStreet Analysts Expect Theravance Biopharma Inc (TBPH) Will Announce Earnings of -$1.14 Per Share Capital One National Association Has $416,000 Stake in EPR Properties (EPR) Box Inc (BOX) Stake Boosted by Capital One National Association Canon (CAJ) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.20 May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media headlines about Canon (NYSE:CAJ) have been trending somewhat positive recently, AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis reports. AlphaOne, a service of Accern, identifies positive and negative press coverage by reviewing more than 20 million news and blog sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Canon earned a media sentiment score of 0.20 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave media coverage about the technology company an impact score of 4 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is extremely unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the near term. CAJ has been the topic of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Canon from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Canon from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Finally, TheStreet upgraded shares of Canon from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. Canon presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $36.00. Canon (NYSE:CAJ) traded down 0.33% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $33.64. 194,912 shares of the company traded hands. Canon has a 12 month low of $27.18 and a 12 month high of $33.75. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $31.81 and its 200 day moving average price is $29.72. The firm has a market capitalization of $36.74 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.98 and a beta of 0.60. Canon (NYSE:CAJ) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The technology company reported $0.45 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.23 by $0.22. Canon had a net margin of 4.44% and a return on equity of 5.18%. The firm earned $8.69 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.04 billion. On average, analysts expect that Canon will post $1.49 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/canon-caj-earns-daily-media-impact-rating-of-0-20.html. About Canon Canon Inc (Canon) is a manufacturer of office multifunction devices (MFDs), plain paper copying machines, laser printers, inkjet printers, cameras and lithography equipment. Canon sells its products principally under the Canon brand name and through sales subsidiaries. Each of these subsidiaries is responsible for marketing and distribution to retail dealers in an assigned territory. Receive News & Ratings for Canon Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Continue to site Snapshots Star Tribune A rainbow, complemented by storm clouds and filtered sunlight, frames a colorful early spring landscape. Photo: Brian Peterson/Star Tribune Buy Print BUY Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest SHARE About ABOUT Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Minneapolis, St. Paul losing thousands of trees to ash borer Forest Lake vote effectively disbands its police force For over a year, Phoenix serial killing suspect went undiscovered U.S. considers expanded military presence in Afghanistan U.S. climate plans hang in the balance this week Kellogg to lay off more than 200 Twin Cities workers Vikings draft choice forges ahead with heavy heart Phillips hopes to parlay business career into politics with congressional bid Minnesota prep football players spend spring promoting their talents Chaos returns: Twins find little relief from bullpen Scoggins: Former Gophers football star Barber getting degree at age 57 next Variety 421654833 The gourmet doughnut revolution: Has it jumped the shark? Creative, flavorful doughnuts were once delightful and refreshing, but Sriracha and peanut butter? Savory doughnut sandwiches? We've gone off the deep end.  By Kate Krader and Chris Rovzar Bloomberg News May 8, 2017 — 3:39pm Elizabeth Flores &#x2022; Star Tribune file The doughnut is nearly a perfect thing: chewy but with a hint of crisp; sweet but light; designed to be dipped, topped, dusted and sprinkled. Why must we take it to grotesque extremes? Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Doughnuts, you have gone too far. Not long ago, we were your biggest champions. We cheered when you evolved into the scrumptious, flaky cronut, and when you multiplied up and down the West Coast through the Blue Star chain, which brought slick, beautiful rings from Portland, Ore., to Los Angeles. We welcomed such top-tier bakeries as Dough in New York, Union Square Donuts in Boston, District Doughnuts in Washington, Curiosity Doughnuts in New Jersey and Federal Donuts in Philadelphia. They were making versions of you that were airy yet rich, gorgeously glazed and garnished. We were thrilled this year when you appeared in superb cakey style at Wylie Dufresne’s Du Donuts and Coffee, in Brooklyn, with flavors such as Creamsicle, Mexican Hot Chocolate and even the shouldn’t-work-but-it-does “Peanut Butter and Yuzu.” We were ecstatic to see you take cruller form, coated in maple and cinnamon sugar, at Danny Meyer’s Daily Provisions cafe. But now you’ve overreached. You tarted yourself up at Glam Doll Donuts in Minneapolis, stepping out in a garish combination of peanut butter and Sriracha. You debuted at Datz Dough in Tampa, Fla., in the form of a $10 doughnut ice cream cone. The Nutella-lined “cone” is made of doughnuts filled with jelly-doughnut-flavored soft serve, topped with bacon caramel popcorn, whipped cream, and a cherry. No-no, doughnuts. Bad doughnuts. We knew you’d jumped the shark when we saw that JPMorgan Chase Bank made its own doughnut. Mark Isreal of the Doughnut Plant, a perfectly respectable purveyor of fried dough, lost his mind and created the Ripple, three concentric doughnut rings the size of a large pizza. The visual effect, and flavors such as Thanksgiving (cranberry, sweet potato, and candied ginger), ensured it was a huge hit on social media. And then the whole thing was revealed to be a Chase small-business promotion. We tried to eat one and it was a terrible user experience. Once you became commercialized, it was all over. Anyone thought they could put something in a ring shape and call it a doughnut. The spaghetti doughnut is the latest smash hit at Smorgasburg in Brooklyn. (It’s always Brooklyn, isn’t it, doughnuts?) Not a dessert-like snack, it’s actually an entrée-flavored like cheesy, bacon-flecked bolognese-forced into doughnut clothing. People are lining up for it each weekend in New York, even though perfectly delicious spaghetti bolognese is available in literally every neighborhood of the five boroughs. For a while, the savory doughnut sandwich was a gimmick you’d find at the State Fair alongside the fried butter and funnel cake. No longer. First we read that there were Monte Cristo doughnut sandwiches at District Donuts in New Orleans. We could be persuaded. But then we heard about what’s going on at Gourdough in Austin, Texas. Their Dirty Bird sandwich-grilled chicken breast with pesto, mozzarella, and grilled peppers on a doughnut-is one of the shop’s more conservative options. It offers six varieties of Donut Burgers. And an entire section of Donut Entrees that includes the Boss Hog (pulled pork, potato salad, and BBQ sauce on a doughnut, depicted above). The culmination is the Drunken Hunk, which is a doughnut topped with a mound of bacon-wrapped meatloaf, potato pancake and candied jalapeños. We would do anything for love, doughnuts. But we won’t do that. We don’t know anyone at Gourdough. But we do know Ford Fry, the Atlanta-based restaurateur who recently introduced a doughnut brunch to his Beetlecat restaurant. We can make peace with his straightforward doughnuts, including the one topped with Captain Crunch-and even the Buford Highway, which pays tribute to Atlanta’s Asian restaurant neighborhood with a doughnut garnished with pork “floss” (essentially, barbecued pork that’s cooked way down to strand-like texture). But like all these sugar-high chefs, even Ford goes too far. We know it’s a new rule that you’re not allowed to gripe about any kind of fried chicken sandwich, even one that has an egg and the “bread” is actually two whole doughnuts. (Not even sliced!) But please tell us you understand why the doughnut Benedict, which includes poached eggs, shaved ham, and red pepper hollandaise, should be outlawed. Fry laughed when asked why in the world he had to go overboard with a doughnut Benedict sandwich. “In our Inman Park neighborhood, there were already a bunch of places doing straightforward brunch. We wanted to do something different,” he said. “We’re getting a good response on the doughnut Benedict.” We’re all going to crash from this sugar high. (And clogged arteries.) Which will be terrible, because on its own, the doughnut is nearly a perfect thing. It’s chewy with a hint of crisp on the exterior. It’s sweet but light enough not to be cloying. It is designed to be dipped, topped, dusted and sprinkled. The innovation is built in! Why do we need to take it to grotesque extremes? At this point, we are just baiting Pizza Hut into making a doughnut-crust pizza. Taco Bell is almost assuredly already working on a doughnut chalupa. Do we really want that? When this happens, and it inevitably will, don’t come crying to us. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends Suspect in collision that killed Big Lake driver blames Gatorade for behavior Target to start testing regular delivery of everyday items Options for Dutch baby flavorings French onion soup serves up winter in a bowl – and you should make it yourself Hungry? Here's what's new in dining at the Mall of America Caponata When chefs cook for chefs: Feasts of plenty welcome Magnus Nilsson More From Variety Variety 31 minutes ago Prosecutor: Woman gave autistic daughter lethal insulin dose An Ohio woman has pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter after prosecutors say she gave her autistic 21-year-old daughter a fatal dose of insulin and did not call for help. Celebrities 41 minutes ago Back on TV, Kimmel zings critics of his health care plea Jimmy Kimmel zinged his critics as he returned to late-night TV and resumed arguing that Americans deserve the level of health care given his infant son. TV & Media 41 minutes ago NBC announces its first new sitcom for 2017-18 TV season NBC is giving the nod to a new sitcom starring Glenn Howerton of "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia." Variety 12:40am Los Angeles company recalls deer-antler tea after 2 get sick The California Department of Public Health says a Los Angeles company is recalling tea made from deer antler after two people who drank it got sick. Variety 12:25am 'I signed up for this?' Reporter scales Brooklyn Bridge Rain is normally nothing more than a mild annoyance for a reporting assignment outdoors. But this was no normal day. I was supposed to climb to the top of the Brooklyn Bridge. Related Coverage Poll: How do you like your doughnuts? May. 8 Most Read Mpls. staple Treehouse Records to close, ending a 44-year tradition • Music Will the real Stephen Colbert stand up? Four ways he'll succeed on CBS' 'Late Show' • TV & Media St. Paul mansion, condemned, then restored, hits market for $1.75M • Home & Garden 2017 Summer Camp Guide • Variety Taste Your guide to more than 70 Twin Cities farmers markets Swirls of light and dark rye dough make a looker of a loaf Home & Garden Lake place in northern Minnesota captures spirit of the family original St. Paul mansion, condemned, then restored, hits market for $1.75M The Good Life Pioneering interracial couples in Minnesota share their experiences The real financial costs of caregiving Celebrities 'Real Housewives' star gets reprimand over probation slipups Ripa, Liotta, Chung among New Jersey Hall of Fame honorees Weekly feature Streetscapes Each Saturday, Star Tribune writers showcase Minnesota architecture. special feature Beautiful Gardens of the Twin Cities From October to April, we bring you into one Beautiful Garden a month. Movies 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' masterfully nails out-of-this-world silliness Emilia Clarke's 'Voice From the Stone' is an eerie guessing game Music Stevie Wonder, Wilco bring message of unity to New Orleans Jazz Fest Mpls. staple Treehouse Records to close, ending a 44-year tradition Travel Why Mexico City is a world-class destination — and you should go Midwest Traveler: Great river views at Rush Creek Natural Area TV & Media Is it finally time to forgive Jay Leno? 'Master of None' and 'Kimmy Schmidt' still hit the sweet spot Stage & Arts 3 curators ignite contemporary art explosion at Minneapolis Institute of Art Play at Guthrie confronts ghost of Charlie Chan while battling Asian stereotypes special feature Advice Looking for some advice on love, family, life? Here are tips from the Star Tribune's experts. Books Reviews: 'Everything Is Flammable,' by Gabrielle Bell and 'Imagine Wanting Only This,' by Kristen Radtke Review: 'House of Names,' by Colm Toibin Eat & Drink Sandcastle in Minneapolis serves a burger alternative with a lakeside view Tavern on Grand represents Minn. on 'best sandwiches in every state' list Giving Back Gala benefits put the fun in fundraising Choose your own (giving) adventure StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Menu Deadline Business Lakeshore Renews Credit Facility: $250M Over 5 Years Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Top Stories Vinciquerra In Serious Talks To Replace Lynton At Sony TV Seth Meyers Pilot ‘A.P. Bio’ Scores NBC Series Order by by Patrick Hipes Jennifer Morrison On Leaving ‘OUAT’ & What’s Next Film Hot Cannes Title: Depp Stars In ‘Richard Says Goodbye’ by by Patrick Hipes Business Lakeshore Renews Credit Facility: $250M Over 5 Years by Patrick Hipes May 8, 2017 12:48pm 0 Business Breaking News Corporate Affairs Financing Lakeshore Entertainment Vine Alternative Investments Lakeshore Entertainment Group has closed the latest iteration of its revolving credit facility with its capital partners, extending their agreement for five more years with a $250 million committment. The deal provides financing for Lakeshore’s film production slate and P&A activities, its nascent TV arm and ongoing corporate capital. Related Lakeshore Entertainment Taps Lee Toland Krieger To Direct 'Blackfriars' Lakeshore also said it has renewed three transactions with private equity firm Vine Alternative Investments, which recommitted its mezzanine financing to extend an agreement to co-finance a 12-picture slate, as well as its foreign sales agency partnership. JPMorgan led the credit-facility deal alongside Bank of America and all existing capital partner comprising Lakeshore’s current group of 10 banks. All recommitted early to the new facility and most in amounts exceeding prior commitments, according to the company. Lakeshore Entertainment COO Eric Reid and CFO Marc Reid arranged the financing on behalf of the company. “JPMorgan, Bank of America and our bank group are highly valued long-term partners to Lakeshore. We very much appreciate their decades of support,” said Lakeshore CEO Tom Rosenberg. “And Vine continues to be among the most important and creative financiers in Hollywood. Their understanding of our business allows us to work shoulder-to-shoulder to navigate the entertainment landscape.” Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 0 No Comments Cancel reply Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. What's Hot on Deadline 1 ‘13 Reasons Why’ Renewed For Season 2 By Netflix 2 John Oliver Calls For FCC Website Flood Over Donald Trump Plan To Kill Net Neutrality - Update 3 'Once Upon A Time': Jennifer Morrison Exits, Others Near Deals For Season 7 4 Jennifer Morrison On Why She Is Leaving 'Once Upon a Time', Emma's Final Battle & What's Next 5 WGA "Appalled" Over FCC Review Of Stephen Colbert's Crude Trump Tirade 6 ‘Spider-Man: Homecoming’ Clip: "You're the Spider-Man from YouTube!" 7 'Sense8': Aml Ameen Replaced By Toby Onwumere In Wachowskis' Netflix Series 8 Bubble Watch: Latest Status Report On ‘Elementary’, ‘Exorcist’, ‘Taken’, 'Once', 'S.H.I.E.L.D.' & Other Series In Limbo 9 'A.P. Bio' NBC Comedy Pilot From Mike O’Brien & Seth Meyers Gets Series Order 10 Showtime Bringing 'Billions' Back For A Third Season Latest Business News Broadway Grosses, Like Broadway Shows, Are All Over The Map; ‘Anastasia’ Up $180K ‘Melrose Place’ Alum Antonio Sabato Jr Making 2018 U.S. House Run In California For GOP Russ Hollander Officially Takes Over As DGA National Executive Director Rupert Murdoch Insists All Good At Fox News As Racial Discrimination Lawsuit Grows & UK Regulators Meet With U.S. Lawyers AMC Theatres Boss On Studios’ Push For PVOD: “We Have A Seat At This Table And The Talks Underway Are Intriguing”… Sally Yates Denies Donald Trump Tweet She Leaked Michael Flynn Intel To WaPo More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS Korea Box Office: 'Guardians Vol. 2' Zooms to Franchise-Beating… Better Call Saul Recap: Assault, Battery 'Dancing with the Stars' recap: On 'Dance Trios' night, 4… Jimmy Kimmel Gives Trump Epic 'Apology' After Emotional Health… Scientists accidentally created a new blue, and now Crayola has… About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife SPY TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2017 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2017 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Main Street Capital Co. (MAIN) Earns Hold Rating from FBR & Co Darling Ingredients’ (DAR) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (PBH) Coverage Initiated at DA Davidson Equity Commonwealth (EQC) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Profire Energy (PFIE) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Omeros (OMER) Getting Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Study Shows Encana Corp (ECA) CEO Douglas James Suttles Acquires 1,000 Shares EQ Inc (EQ) Insider Tyler Hanson Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock EQ Inc (EQ) Insider Tyler Hanson Sells 96,000 Shares of Stock Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Shares Bought by Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Stake Held by Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $4.126 Million Position in Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Cuts Position in Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) American Assets Investment Management LLC Has $1.288 Million Position in Macerich Co (MAC) Van Berkom & Associates Inc. Has $5,272,000 Position in Ctrip.Com International Ltd (CTRP) W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Stake Held by Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. 8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD) Shares Bought by Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Shares Bought by Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $4.126 Million Position in Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Cuts Position in Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) Rating Reiterated by Credit Suisse Group AG May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance Tweet Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:REGN)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by equities researchers at Credit Suisse Group AG in a note issued to investors on Friday. They presently have a $485.00 price objective on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. Credit Suisse Group AG’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 14.55% from the company’s previous close. A number of other brokerages have also commented on REGN. BMO Capital Markets reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $421.00 target price (up previously from $412.00) on shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals in a research report on Friday. Cowen and Company reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $380.00 target price on shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals in a research report on Friday. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals in a research report on Thursday. Canaccord Genuity upgraded Regeneron Pharmaceuticals from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their target price for the company from $375.00 to $484.00 in a research report on Friday. Finally, Vetr lowered Regeneron Pharmaceuticals from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $408.86 target price on the stock. in a research report on Monday. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $433.95. Shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:REGN) traded down 1.31% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $423.38. 864,606 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $381.78 and its 200-day moving average is $375.85. The stock has a market cap of $44.70 billion, a PE ratio of 51.25 and a beta of 1.44. Regeneron Pharmaceuticals has a 12 month low of $325.35 and a 12 month high of $452.96. Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:REGN) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The biopharmaceutical company reported $2.92 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.50 by $0.42. The firm had revenue of $1.32 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.30 billion. Regeneron Pharmaceuticals had a return on equity of 22.51% and a net margin of 18.10%. Regeneron Pharmaceuticals’s revenue for the quarter was up 9.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $2.57 earnings per share. On average, analysts anticipate that Regeneron Pharmaceuticals will post $12.90 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/regeneron-pharmaceuticals-inc-regn-receives-buy-rating-from-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. In other news, Director Michael S. Brown sold 1,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $400.00, for a total transaction of $400,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 1,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $400,000. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 10.40% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in REGN. Hsbc Holdings PLC boosted its position in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals by 16.9% in the third quarter. Hsbc Holdings PLC now owns 54,126 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $21,822,000 after buying an additional 7,822 shares in the last quarter. Jennison Associates LLC boosted its position in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals by 4.5% in the third quarter. Jennison Associates LLC now owns 2,122,148 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $853,146,000 after buying an additional 91,223 shares in the last quarter. Grandfield & Dodd LLC boosted its position in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals by 1.1% in the first quarter. Grandfield & Dodd LLC now owns 1,497 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $580,000 after buying an additional 17 shares in the last quarter. Opus Point Partners Management LLC boosted its position in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals by 2.3% in the fourth quarter. Opus Point Partners Management LLC now owns 7,684 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $2,821,000 after buying an additional 172 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Highbridge Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals during the fourth quarter worth $323,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 68.83% of the company’s stock. About Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company that discovers, invents, develops, manufactures and commercializes medicines for the treatment of serious medical conditions. The Company commercializes medicines for eye diseases, high low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and an inflammatory condition and have product candidates in development in other areas, including rheumatoid arthritis, asthma, atopic dermatitis, pain, cancer, and infectious diseases. Receive News & Ratings for Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hilton Grand Vacations Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hilton Grand Vacations Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) Receives “Buy” Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (HGV) Receives “Buy” Rating from Nomura Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Given Outperform Rating at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Arista Networks Inc (ANET) Given “Outperform” Rating at JMP Securities RealPage Inc (RP) Given Outperform Rating at JMP Securities ONE Gas Inc (OGS) Shares Sold by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Chicago Equity Partners LLC Sells 17,620 Shares of Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Has $294,000 Stake in Regions Financial Corp (RF) LSV Asset Management Buys 213,800 Shares of Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) LSV Asset Management Has $28.507 Million Position in SkyWest, Inc. (SKYW) Michaels Companies Inc (MIK) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.39 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Expect Tilly's Inc (TLYS) to Announce -$0.10 Earnings Per Share Brokerages Set Altisource Residential Corp (RESI) Target Price at $15.50 Brokerages Set Vedanta Resources plc (VED) Target Price at $810.00 Brokerages Set Garrison Capital Inc (GARS) Target Price at $11.13 Analysts Set Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc (APAM) Price Target at $28.56 BMC Stock Holdings Inc (BMCH) Director Jeffrey Gene Rea Sells 60,000 Shares of Stock LeMaitre Vascular Inc (LMAT) Insider David B. Roberts Sells 44,340 Shares of Stock Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Director Myron E. Ullman III Sells 20,000 Shares Freshii Inc (FRII) Price Target Raised to C$17.00 at Canaccord Genuity Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (HGV) Receives “Buy” Rating from Nomura May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Nomura reissued their buy rating on shares of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (NYSE:HGV) in a research note released on Friday morning. The firm currently has a $43.00 target price on the stock. A number of other research analysts have also recently commented on HGV. Zacks Investment Research cut Hilton Grand Vacations from a strong-buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Instinet boosted their price target on Hilton Grand Vacations from $32.00 to $36.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Janney Montgomery Scott reissued a buy rating and issued a $38.00 price target on shares of Hilton Grand Vacations in a report on Thursday, April 20th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc started coverage on Hilton Grand Vacations in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. They issued a neutral rating and a $29.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on Hilton Grand Vacations in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. They issued an overweight rating and a $37.00 price objective on the stock. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $35.88. Shares of Hilton Grand Vacations (NYSE:HGV) traded down 1.89% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $35.32. The stock had a trading volume of 309,778 shares. Hilton Grand Vacations has a 12 month low of $24.60 and a 12 month high of $37.21. The firm has a market cap of $3.50 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.46. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $31.11 and its 200 day moving average price is $29.57. Hilton Grand Vacations (NYSE:HGV) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported $0.38 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.40 by $0.02. The company earned $415 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $397.58 million. The business’s revenue was up 8.9% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts forecast that Hilton Grand Vacations will post $1.86 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/hilton-grand-vacations-inc-hgv-receives-buy-rating-from-nomura.html. About Hilton Grand Vacations Hilton Grand Vacations Inc is a timeshare company that markets and sells vacation ownership intervals (VOIs), manages resorts in leisure and urban destinations, and operates a points-based vacation club. The Company operates its business across two segments: Real Estate Sales and Financing, and Resort Operations and Club Management. Receive News & Ratings for Hilton Grand Vacations Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hilton Grand Vacations Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Variety Editions: U.S Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Music Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Film News Lakeshore Entertainment Closes Deal for $250 Million Credit Facility Dave McNary Film Reporter @Variety_DMcNary Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Screen Gems/Sony Pictures Entertainment May 8, 2017 | 12:26PM PT Lakeshore Entertainment Group — which has financed the “Underworld” franchise — has closed its fourth iteration of its revolving credit facility with partners recommitting to over $250 million for another five years. JPMorgan again led the deal as sole bookrunner and administrative agent, alongside Bank of America and all existing capital partners, which provides a further five-year agreement. According to the company, the transaction never made it to the open capital markets, because Lakeshore’s current group of 10 banks all recommitted early to the new facility, most in amounts exceeding their prior commitments. Lakeshore was launched in 1994 by CEO Tom Rosenberg. Producer Gary Lucchesi has been president since 1998. Its notable releases include “Runaway Bride,” “Million Dollar Baby,” “The Lincoln Lawyer,” “The Age of Adaline” and “The Boy.” The company has one television show airing in January (Paramount TV’s “Heathers”) and plans to have another in production by the end of 2017. The renewed facility provides financing for Lakeshore’s film production slate and P&A activities, as well as the new television arm and ongoing corporate capital. In addition, Lakeshore also renewed three significant transactions with the private equity firm, Vine Alternative Investments. Vine has recommitted its mezzanine financing to the company, extended the previous agreement to co-finance a 12-picture slate, as well as its foreign sales agency partnership. “JPMorgan, Bank of America and our bank group are highly valued long-term partners to Lakeshore.  We very much appreciate their decades of support and Vine continues to be among the most important and creative financiers in Hollywood,” Rosenberg said. “Their understanding of our business allows us to work shoulder-to-shoulder to navigate the entertainment landscape.” Lakeshore Entertainment’s COO, Eric Reid, and CFO, Marc Reid, arranged the financing on behalf of the company. Filed Under: Lakeshore Entertainment Underworld Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 Film Watch the New ‘Blade Runner 2049’ Trailer Film Film Review: ‘Alien: Covenant’ Scene MTV Awards: The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly Music How a Doctor Reconstructed KISS Rocker’s Missing Ear ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’: Does Hulu Finally Have a Serious Emmy Contender? Laura Dern in the Mix for Film Academy President (EXCLUSIVE) How Jonathan Demme’s ‘Silence of the Lambs’ Broke Countless Oscar Conventions Emmys: Allison Janney Goes Lead for ‘Mom’ as Campaigns Jockey for Position Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Film News from Variety The Power of Content Daily Deal: This Samsung Galaxy S8 Wallet Case Is $20 Off Jimmy Kimmel Returns To Air, "Apologizes" For Saying All… See the Designer Shoe Favorites Shrunk Down for the Kid Crowd Better Call Saul Recap: Assault, Battery Robert De Niro Calls Out Donald Trump's 'Bullsh*t' While… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Michaels Companies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Michaels Companies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michaels Companies Inc (MIK) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.39 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Expect Tilly's Inc (TLYS) to Announce -$0.10 Earnings Per Share Brokerages Set Altisource Residential Corp (RESI) Target Price at $15.50 Brokerages Set Vedanta Resources plc (VED) Target Price at $810.00 Brokerages Set Garrison Capital Inc (GARS) Target Price at $11.13 Analysts Set Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc (APAM) Price Target at $28.56 BMC Stock Holdings Inc (BMCH) Director Jeffrey Gene Rea Sells 60,000 Shares of Stock LeMaitre Vascular Inc (LMAT) Insider David B. Roberts Sells 44,340 Shares of Stock Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Director Myron E. Ullman III Sells 20,000 Shares Freshii Inc (FRII) Price Target Raised to C$17.00 at Canaccord Genuity KP Tissue Inc (KPT) Price Target Lowered to C$18.00 at Scotiabank Slate Retail Reit Usd (SRT.U) Price Target Raised to C$11.50 at Royal Bank of Canada Atkore International Group Inc (ATKR) VP Peter J. Lariviere Sells 60,534 Shares Spirit AeroSystems Holdings (SPR) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Sun Hydraulics (SNHY) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Square (SQ) Given News Impact Score of 0.18 Sunesis Pharmaceuticals (SNSS) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Suburban Propane Partners (SPH) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.03 Ambev SA (ABEV) Shares Bought by Eqis Capital Management Inc. PDL BioPharma Inc (PDLI) Stake Reduced by Eqis Capital Management Inc. Michaels Companies Inc (MIK) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.39 Per Share May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities analysts forecast that Michaels Companies Inc (NASDAQ:MIK) will post $0.39 earnings per share (EPS) for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Four analysts have provided estimates for Michaels Companies’ earnings. The lowest EPS estimate is $0.39 and the highest is $0.40. Michaels Companies reported earnings of $0.36 per share in the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year over year growth rate of 8.3%. The company is expected to issue its next quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, June 6th. On average, analysts expect that Michaels Companies will report full-year earnings of $2.12 per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from $2.08 to $2.19. For the next fiscal year, analysts expect that the business will report earnings of $2.27 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $2.12 to $2.38. Zacks’ EPS calculations are a mean average based on a survey of research firms that follow Michaels Companies. Michaels Companies (NASDAQ:MIK) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, March 7th. The specialty retailer reported $0.96 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.95 by $0.01. The company earned $1.75 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.76 billion. Michaels Companies had a net margin of 7.15% and a negative return on equity of 22.27%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 4.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.87 EPS. MIK has been the subject of a number of research reports. Morgan Stanley upgraded shares of Michaels Companies from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $25.00 price objective for the company in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Michaels Companies from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Guggenheim restated a “buy” rating and issued a $28.00 price objective (down previously from $30.00) on shares of Michaels Companies in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Michaels Companies from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of Michaels Companies from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $28.00 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Michaels Companies presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $28.60. WARNING: “Michaels Companies Inc (MIK) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.39 Per Share” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/michaels-companies-inc-mik-expected-to-post-earnings-of-0-39-per-share-2.html. In other news, EVP Philo Pappas sold 32,020 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $22.00, for a total transaction of $704,440.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 41,435 shares in the company, valued at approximately $911,570. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Vice Chairman Charles M. Sonsteby sold 38,754 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $22.12, for a total transaction of $857,238.48. Following the sale, the insider now owns 56,744 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,255,177.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 1.50% of the stock is owned by insiders. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of MIK. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its stake in shares of Michaels Companies by 15.3% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 22,865,977 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $552,671,000 after buying an additional 3,033,594 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of Michaels Companies by 94.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 2,723,956 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $55,704,000 after buying an additional 1,324,617 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of Michaels Companies during the fourth quarter valued at $24,880,000. Bank of Montreal Can increased its stake in shares of Michaels Companies by 1,016.9% in the first quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 943,547 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $21,125,000 after buying an additional 859,065 shares in the last quarter. Finally, First Quadrant L P CA increased its stake in shares of Michaels Companies by 294.2% in the first quarter. First Quadrant L P CA now owns 1,056,155 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $23,647,000 after buying an additional 788,216 shares in the last quarter. Michaels Companies (NASDAQ:MIK) traded down 3.42% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $21.74. 1,852,665 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a market capitalization of $4.11 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.94 and a beta of 1.01. Michaels Companies has a 1-year low of $19.00 and a 1-year high of $31.36. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $22.80 and its 200-day moving average is $22.16. About Michaels Companies The Michaels Companies, Inc (Michaels) is an arts and crafts specialty retailer in North America. The Company’s segments include Michaels-U.S., Michaels-Canada, Aaron Brothers, Pat Catan’s and Darice. As of January 28, 2017, the Company operated 1,223 Michaels retail stores in 49 states and Canada, with approximately 18,000 average square feet of selling space per store. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Michaels Companies (MIK) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Michaels Companies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Michaels Companies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Polymetal International PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Polymetal International PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BAE Systems plc (BA) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Polymetal International PLC (POLY) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Sequential Brands Group Inc (SQBG) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts CGI Group Inc (GIB.A) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Insider Marc J. Rowan Sells 1,061,297 Shares Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Shares Sold by American National Insurance Co. TX Sterling Bancorp (STL) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.09 APG Asset Management N.V. Takes Position in Carter's, Inc. (CRI) Norris Perne & French LLP MI Raises Stake in Diageo plc (DEO) Southcross Energy Partners (SXE) Getting Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Amica Mutual Insurance Co. Maintains Position in Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Amica Mutual Insurance Co. Has $877,000 Position in Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) Train Babcock Advisors LLC Decreases Stake in Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) Husky Energy Inc. (HSE) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Revlon Inc (REV) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Kulicke and Soffa Industries Inc. (KLIC) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Loxo Oncology Inc (LOXO) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IRWD) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Wells Fargo & Co IPG Photonics’ (IPGP) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Needham & Company LLC Dougherty & Co Boosts IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) Price Target to $157.00 Polymetal International PLC (POLY) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Polymetal International PLC (LON:POLY) have been given a consensus recommendation of “Hold” by the twelve ratings firms that are presently covering the stock. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, six have given a hold recommendation and four have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokerages that have covered the stock in the last year is GBX 894.73 ($11.57). A number of research firms have weighed in on POLY. Panmure Gordon raised their price target on Polymetal International PLC from GBX 1,192 ($15.42) to GBX 1,195 ($15.46) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their price target on Polymetal International PLC from GBX 980 ($12.67) to GBX 956 ($12.36) and set an “underweight” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Berenberg Bank restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 960 ($12.42) price target on shares of Polymetal International PLC in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 1,200 ($15.52) price target on shares of Polymetal International PLC in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC raised their price target on Polymetal International PLC from GBX 675 ($8.73) to GBX 725 ($9.38) and gave the company an “underperform” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Polymetal International PLC (LON:POLY) traded down 2.27% on Monday, hitting GBX 969.50. The stock had a trading volume of 728,475 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 1,027.44 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 916.24. The company’s market cap is GBX 4.17 billion. Polymetal International PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 669.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 1,367.91. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 4th will be paid a €0.18 ($0.20) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 4th. This is a boost from Polymetal International PLC’s previous dividend of $0.15. This represents a yield of 1.54%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Polymetal International PLC (POLY) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/polymetal-international-plc-poly-given-average-recommendation-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. About Polymetal International PLC Polymetal International plc is a gold and silver mining company operating in Russia, Kazakhstan and Armenia. The Company operates through nine segments: Voro (CJSC Gold of Northern Urals); Okhotsk operations (LLC Okhotskaya Mining and Exploration Company and Svetloye LLC); Dukat (JSC Magadan Silver); Omolon (Omolon Gold Mining Company LLC); Varvara (JSC Varvarinskoye; JSC Komarovskoye Mining Company); Amursk/Albazino (Albazino Resources Ltd, Amur Hydrometallurgical Plant LLC); Mayskoye (Mayskoye Gold Mining Company LLC); Kyzyl (Bakyrchik Mining Venture LLP and Inter Gold Capital LLP), and Armenia (Kapan MPC CJSC and LV Gold Mining CJSC). Receive News & Ratings for Polymetal International PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Polymetal International PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
BevNET Register Login Account Logout Search News Top News Videos Newswire Supplier News Project NOSH Brewbound Best of Awards Spirits & Mixers Submit News Reviews Featured Reviews Browse By Category View All Submit Product For Review Podcast Events BevNET Live Summer 2017 BevNET Live Winter 2017 Full List of 2017 Events Past Events Jobs Job Listings Post a Job School Magazine Directories Marketplace / Classified Ads Supplier Finder Database BevNET Industry Guides Sign In Facebook Twitter More Networks Mobile Navigation WhistlePig Secures $25 Million Credit Facility From JPMorgan Chase Press Release May. 8, 2017 at 2:39 pm More SHOREHAM, VT (BUSINESS WIRE) — WhistlePig LLC, the premier rye whiskey company, today announced that it received a $25 million asset-based line (ABL) of credit from JPMorgan Chase, replacing its current ABL and more than doubling its access to liquidity. The credit facility is a reflection of WhistlePig’s performance to date, expected growth, and strong existing inventory position. It will provide the company with incremental funding to accelerate the production and aging of premium rye whiskey. “This is a terrific vote of confidence,” said Roland van Bommel, WhistlePig’s Executive Chairman. “We’re excited to apply these incremental funds, and the expertise of Chase’s talented local and beverage banking teams, to further build our business and produce more rye whiskey for the world to enjoy.” The credit facility will support all aspects of WhistlePig’s business, with a particular focus on further increasing the company’s whiskey reserves and building new infrastructure to support those reserves. In addition to laying down additional barrels of whiskey, the company is building new warehouse facilities, increasing its in-house storage capacity to 35,000 barrels of whiskey. “WhistlePig has created a unique brand and is enthusiastic about providing a farm-to-bottle premium rye whiskey,” said Vernon Studer, relationship executive at JPMorgan Chase. “We understand the business’ vision and growth opportunities and are able to provide the local and specialized financial resources that will help them achieve their goals.” This line of credit comes at an exciting time for WhistlePig, following the successful March launch of FarmStock, the company’s first estate release that includes whiskey produced from its distillery in Vermont. This financing solution will allow WhistlePig to continue to provide consumers with its signature releases, while also expanding its new estate line. About WhistlePig WhistlePig is the world’s finest rye whiskey, featuring the bold and often untapped flavor of America’s original spirit. Founded on a former dairy farm in Shoreham, Vermont, WhistlePig quickly emerged as one of the most decorated whiskeys on the market. With its products having received 97 points from Wine Enthusiast and best whiskey in the world honors from the San Francisco World Spirits Competition, the company continues to release highly sought-after whiskeys whose demand outpaces supply. The opening of the distillery in 2015 and the release of the first estate product in 2017 show that WhistlePig is well on its way toward fulfilling the long-term vision of creating a fully farm-to-bottle operation, found nowhere else. http://whistlepigwhiskey.com/ Latest News Press Clips: New Study Links Energy Drinks to Cardiac Risk BevNET Live: Hear From Matt Jimenez, Whole Foods Market’s Beverage Leader One Year In, New Age Beverages Still Aiming For More Marketplace Full Production, Turn Key, Profitable, Brewery... View All|Post a Listing Featured Jobs Western Manager - BRAMi Brand Ambassador - Forbidden Root Brewery Brewer - Terrapin Beer Company - Terrapin Beer Co Market Sales Manager - Deschutes Brewery President/CFO - Resilient Management Director of Central - Bobo's Oat Bars View All Jobs|Post a Job Additional News Review: Hello Water BevNET Podcast Ep. 56: Going Next Level With FoodFutureCo Soda Tax Update: Santa Fe Rejects, Seattle Considers Dean Foods Invests in Good Karma Beverage Industry Jobs Sales Wizard - Modern Times Beer Northern California Sales Team Opening: East Bay/South Bay � Area Sales Manager - Anderson Valley Brewing Co Off-Premise Key Accounts Sales Representative - 2 Towns Ciderhouse On Premise Activation Specialist - Allentown, PA - Inspira Marketing View All - 345 Jobs|Post a Job Subscribe to BevNET's Daily Newsletter Recent Articles Features Newswire Spirits Beer Press Clips: New Study Links Energy Drinks to Cardiac Risk BevNET Live: Hear From Matt Jimenez, Whole Foods Market’s Beverage Leader One Year In, New Age Beverages Still Aiming For More Review: Hello Water BevNET Podcast Ep. 56: Going Next Level With FoodFutureCo Soda Tax Update: Santa Fe Rejects, Seattle Considers Dean Foods Returns to Plant-Based Products with Good Karma Investment Jones Soda Co. Reports Fiscal 2017 First Quarter Results Kill Cliff Licenses DRYV Sweat Management Tech Voss Water Of Norway Adds Lime Mint Sparkling Water UPTIME Energy Announces Matt Merson as SVP of Sales Positive Energy Launches at Raley’s, Bel Air Markets, and Nob Hill Foods HFactor Unveils a New Look Nutpods Celebrates Second Birthday with Retail and Online Expansion WhistlePig Secures $25 Million Credit Facility From JPMorgan Chase Black Button Distilling to Release Lilac Gin Tequila Cazadores Launches ‘Born In Los Altos De Jalisco’ Campaign Jura 10, a Unique Island Whisky, Launches in U.S. Markets Eastside Distilling Acquires Controlling Stake in Big Bottom Distilling 1800 Tequila Partners with Puma and Artist Sam Rodriguez for Limited Edition Sneaker Beso Del Sol Adds Rose Sangria to Successful Product Line Speakeasy Saved: San Francisco Brewery Purchased by Former Beer Distributor Avery Brewing Co. Releasing The Real Peel IPA Beer Industry Whacks at Wicked Weed Deal Firestone Walker Launches Iowa Distribution Dogfish Head New Brewings & Eats to Open in Downtown Rehoboth Gathering Place Brewing Hires Former Widmer Brothers Brewer Corey Blodgett Nickel Brook Immodest IIPA Going to The Beer Store View All|Submit News Upcoming Events BevNET Live | Summer 2017 New York, NY • June 13-14, 2017 Early Registration Open BevNET Live Winter 2017 Santa Monica, CA • Dec 4 - 5, 2017 Early Registration Open BevNET.com BevNET.com Contact Advertise / Media Kit Event Sponsorship Submit News Submit Product Contact Us Follow Newsletter Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Resources BevNET About BevNET BevNET Live BevNET Magazine Project NOSH Brewbound Navigate Beverage News Free Newsletter Industry Events Beverage Jobs Tradeshow Photos BevBoard Forums © 1996 – 2017 BevNET.com® Follow Us: Free E-Newsletters: BevNET Daily Project NOSH (Natural Food) Brewbound.com (Craft Beer) BevNET Beverage School is an on-demand, video-based learning tool and online community designed for entrepreneurs and newcomers to the food and beverage industry. Learn MoreSubscribe Click to View Current Issue Published 8x per year, BevNET Magazine is the leading industry magazine for analysis of trends, innovation, marketing, and product development. SubscribeRecent Issues The BevNET Podcast is a weekly podcast that explores current trends and news from the food and beverage industries. Learn MoreGet on iTunes
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Analysts Expect ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (ZIOP) to Announce -$0.13 EPS $0.31 Earnings Per Share Expected for Nanometrics Incorporated (NANO) This Quarter Analysts Expect Coeur Mining Inc (CDE) Will Announce Earnings of $0.01 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Guess?, Inc. (GES) Will Post Earnings of -$0.32 Per Share Scotiabank Boosts Air Canada (AC) Price Target to C$16.25 HC Wainwright Analysts Give Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (LXRX) a $27.00 Price Target Cara Operations Ltd (CARA) Price Target Cut to C$31.00 Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Analysts Give DexCom, Inc. (DXCM) a $98.00 Price Target CDK Global Inc (CDK) Stake Increased by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Has $6.334 Million Position in Blackstone Group LP (BX) Western Digital Corp (WDC) Shares Bought by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) Shares Sold by Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Holds Position in Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc. (GIFI) Enerplus Corp (ERF) Price Target Increased to C$17.50 by Analysts at Scotiabank Markel Co. (MKL) Stake Raised by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Has $1,324,000 Stake in Global Brass and Copper Holdings Inc (BRSS) Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Increases Stake in Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (HSII) Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Cuts Stake in Welltower Inc (HCN) Mosaic Co (MOS) Stake Lowered by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Enerflex Ltd (EFX) PT Raised to C$30.00 at Scotiabank Zacks: Analysts Expect ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (ZIOP) to Announce -$0.13 EPS May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities analysts predict that ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (NASDAQ:ZIOP) will post earnings of ($0.13) per share for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Three analysts have provided estimates for ZIOPHARM Oncology’s earnings. The highest EPS estimate is ($0.11) and the lowest is ($0.16). ZIOPHARM Oncology posted earnings per share of ($0.10) during the same quarter last year, which suggests a negative year over year growth rate of 30%. The business is scheduled to report its next earnings report on Tuesday, August 8th. On average, analysts expect that ZIOPHARM Oncology will report full year earnings of ($0.58) per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($0.75) to ($0.46). For the next year, analysts expect that the business will report earnings of ($0.63) per share, with EPS estimates ranging from ($0.86) to ($0.45). Zacks’ EPS averages are a mean average based on a survey of research analysts that that provide coverage for ZIOPHARM Oncology. ZIOPHARM Oncology (NASDAQ:ZIOP) last announced its earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The biotechnology company reported ($0.15) EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.12) by $0.03. ZIOPHARM Oncology had a negative net margin of 2,276.89% and a negative return on equity of 364.49%. The business had revenue of $1.60 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.71 million. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 18.8% compared to the same quarter last year. Several research firms recently issued reports on ZIOP. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Griffin Securities reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $23.00 target price (up from $21.00) on shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $10.25. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Highbridge Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in ZIOPHARM Oncology during the fourth quarter valued at about $164,000. National Planning Corp boosted its position in ZIOPHARM Oncology by 8.7% in the fourth quarter. National Planning Corp now owns 32,093 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $204,000 after buying an additional 2,569 shares in the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its position in ZIOPHARM Oncology by 79.6% in the first quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 37,687 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $239,000 after buying an additional 16,700 shares in the last quarter. Michael & Susan Dell Foundation purchased a new position in ZIOPHARM Oncology during the fourth quarter valued at about $357,000. Finally, Glacier Peak Capital LLC purchased a new position in ZIOPHARM Oncology during the fourth quarter valued at about $364,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 41.26% of the company’s stock. Shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology (NASDAQ:ZIOP) traded down 3.23% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $6.89. 558,835 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s market capitalization is $900.53 million. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $6.72 and its 200-day moving average price is $6.30. ZIOPHARM Oncology has a one year low of $4.45 and a one year high of $8.72. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/zacks-analysts-expect-ziopharm-oncology-inc-ziop-to-announce-0-13-eps.html. ZIOPHARM Oncology Company Profile ZIOPHARM Oncology, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company, which is seeking to develop, acquire and commercialize, on its own or with partners, a portfolio of cancer therapies that address unmet medical needs. The Company is focused on developing products in immuno-oncology that employ gene expression, control and cell technologies to deliver cell- and viral-based therapies for the treatment of cancer and graft-versus-host-disease. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on ZIOPHARM Oncology (ZIOP) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Welltower Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Welltower Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Consolidated Edison, Inc. (ED) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Welltower Inc (HCN) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Stifel Nicolaus Cuts Oclaro, Inc. (OCLR) Price Target to $10.00 Merlin Entertainme Spon (MERLY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Novogen Limited (NVGN) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Wells Fargo & Co Lowers Medpace Holdings Inc (MEDP) to Market Perform Zacks Investment Research Lowers Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (MLNX) to Strong Sell Discover Financial Services (DFS) Shares Sold by Thompson Investment Management Inc. OLD National Bancorp IN Has $326,000 Stake in Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Analysts Set Primo Water Co. (PRMW) Target Price at $17.25 Analysts Set PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG) PT at $114.67 Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) Receives $68.27 Average Price Target from Brokerages Zacks: Analysts Expect Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) to Announce $0.16 Earnings Per Share Sfmg LLC Continues to Hold Position in Western Digital Corp (WDC) Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Reduces Position in Verastem Inc (VSTM) Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Invests $215,000 in Energy Recovery, Inc. (ERII) Gibson Energy Inc. (GEI) Receives C$19.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Lowers Stake in ArQule, Inc. (ARQL) Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Shares Bought by WASHINGTON TRUST Co Wizz Air Holdings PLC (WIZZ) Receives GBX 1,877.22 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Welltower Inc (HCN) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Guidance Articles Tweet Welltower Inc (NYSE:HCN) updated its FY17 earnings guidance on Friday. The company provided earnings per share guidance of $4.15-4.25 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus earnings per share estimate of $4.24. A number of research firms recently commented on HCN. Morgan Stanley upgraded shares of Welltower from an equal weight rating to an overweight rating and set a $73.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Monday, March 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price objective on shares of Welltower from $71.00 to $72.00 and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Royal Bank of Canada restated a hold rating and issued a $72.00 price objective on shares of Welltower in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Welltower from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, Mizuho upped their price objective on shares of Welltower from $59.00 to $62.00 and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $72.57. Welltower Inc (NYSE:HCN) traded down 0.32% during trading on Monday, hitting $69.58. 893,386 shares of the stock were exchanged. Welltower Inc has a 52 week low of $59.39 and a 52 week high of $80.19. The firm has a market cap of $25.23 billion, a PE ratio of 21.44 and a beta of 0.19. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $71.25 and its 200 day moving average is $67.49. Welltower (NYSE:HCN) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Friday, May 5th. The real estate investment trust reported $1.05 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.05. The firm earned $1.06 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.05 billion. Welltower had a net margin of 20.74% and a return on equity of 6.37%. The business’s revenue was up 1.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.42 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Welltower Inc will post $1.77 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 22nd. Investors of record on Tuesday, May 9th will be issued a dividend of $0.87 per share. This represents a $3.48 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.99%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, May 5th. Welltower’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 153.98%. In other Welltower news, Director Fred S. Klipsch sold 2,606 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $67.14, for a total value of $174,966.84. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider Paul D. Nungester, Jr. sold 6,452 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.26, for a total transaction of $453,317.52. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 33,795 shares in the company, valued at $2,374,436.70. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.29% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. WARNING: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/welltower-inc-hcn-releases-fy17-earnings-guidance.html. Welltower Company Profile Welltower Inc invests with seniors housing operators, post-acute providers and health systems to fund real estate and infrastructure. The Company invests in seniors housing and healthcare real estate. It operates in three segments: triple-net, seniors housing operating and outpatient medical. Welltower, a real estate investment trust (REIT), owns interests in properties concentrated in markets in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, consisting of seniors housing and post-acute communities, and outpatient medical properties. Receive News & Ratings for Welltower Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Welltower Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Tuesday, May 09, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics Kapil Mishra vs Arvind Kejriwal LIVE: Sacked AAP MLA reaches CBI office; Delhi CM says will unmask 'big conspiracy' Shashi Tharoor slams TV report on Sunanda Pushkar murder, calls it 'misrepresentations and outright lies' Drunk on power? Bureaucrats, cops see red as BJP's 'saffron brigade' under Yogi Adityanath go overboard Kapil Mishra to Arvind Kejriwal: 'I am going to file FIR against you, give me your blessings' Fodder scam: All you need to know about the 21-year-old case against Lalu Prasad Yadav Karnataka Congress in-charge KC Venugopal vows to stop BJP from winning 2018 elections Sports Federation Cup: Defending champions Mohun Bagan see off DSK Shivajians IPL 2017: Mumbai Indians' Rohit Sharma says defeat to SRH was an eye-opener Santa Catarina state league: Chapecoense lift first title since air crash killed 19 of its players Premier League: Cesc Fabregas wants Chelsea to wrap up title in a hurry Champions League: Monaco cling to hope of miracle in Turin against formidable Juventus Madrid Open: Eugenie Bouchard says many players "scared" to criticise Maria Sharapova India HC asks Arun Jaitley to respond to Arvind Kejriwal's plea seeking to expunge trial court's remarks in DDCA case Sohail Mahmood, Pakistan's new High Commissioner to India, will constantly walk a tightrope Demonetisation was meant to rid of black money, but not all the illicit wealth reside in just currency alone Narendra Modi is India's best PM, caste exists due to foreign invasions, says new ICCSR chairman Supreme Court finds Vijay Mallya guilty of contempt, directs him to appear on 10 July After Beijing's envoy offers to rename CPEC to allay India's fears, Chinese embassy expunges remark from speech World Donald Trump insists there is no evidence of his collusion with Russia Sohail Mahmood, Pakistan's new High Commissioner to India, will constantly walk a tightrope Climate change: Key meeting to discuss American withdrawal from Paris accord postponed Donald Trump's remarks about Muslims could be what ends the travel ban: Judges weigh president's earlier comments Abdul Hasib killed by US forces: All you need to know about slain head of Islamic State in Afghanistan China to hold grand Belt and Road Forum meet next week: Will India skip biggest diplomatic event of the year? Business Demonetisation was meant to rid of black money, but not all the illicit wealth reside in just currency alone Supreme Court finds Vijay Mallya guilty of contempt, directs him to appear on 10 July Demonetisation did not stop future black money flows, move hit lower income groups more: UN report Who's cheering for the H1B visa reboot on Planet Trump? The H1B worker Six months of demonetisation: ATMs stay dry; higher remonetisation, better cash recycling only way out Now, EPFO to make all payments to members electronically Life Mother’s Day Special: Celebrating 10 women who have the 'mother of all Instagram accounts' Kashmiri writer Malik Sajad's graphic novel 'Munnu' retells horrors of Kashmir insurgency Zika antibody discovery may lead to new vaccine Kashmir stone-pelter to mujahideen: The story of an active militant from troubled Pulwama How Tehmina Durrani became one of Pakistan's most powerful feminist voices Scientists discover orchid fossil trapped in amber dating back at least 45 million years Entertainment Bank Chor trailer: Riteish Deshmukh-Vivek Oberoi starrer is a goofy chor-police caper Hot Girls Wanted: Turned On and American Playboy offer a compelling viewpoint on porn Kangana Ranaut, differences over Simran: Why Hansal Mehta-Apurva Asrani's partnership ended Baahubali 2's Rs 1000 crore collection: How SS Rajamouli's film achieved its box office numbers SS Rajamouli's Baahubali follows Telugu cinema's long tradition of mythological films Konkona Sen Sharma sweeps Best Director, Best Actress awards at New York Indian Film Festival Photos Videos TECH2 हिंदी IPL 2017 Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News Southern European bonds lags as spotlight shifts to ECB after Macron win | Reuters Southern European bonds lags as spotlight shifts to ECB after Macron win | Reuters FwireReutersMay, 08 2017 23:15:05 IST #Reuters By Abhinav Ramnarayan | LONDON LONDON Southern European government bonds underperformed in a volatile session on Monday as investors mulled the implications for monetary policy of centrist Emmanuel Macron's victory in the French presidential election.Macron became France's president on Sunday, a result hailed by European leaders as a vote for unity and a blow to political forces that had sought to build on last year's Brexit vote to tear apart the European Union. The gap between French and German 10-year borrowing costs dropped to 33 basis points at one stage, a six-month low. But an early rally in low-rated euro zone bond yields dissipated as concerns over what this might mean for the European Central Bank's ultra loose monetary policy stance came to the fore. "Investors will now go back to the basics of watching the underlying euro zone economic and inflation data and what implications it may have for monetary policy," said Iain Stealey, a fixed income portfolio manager for JP Morgan Asset Management, one of the biggest bond investors in the world. "The underlying GDP data is too strong for there to be 60 billion euros of (bond) purchases and though inflation numbers are below target, they are not low enough to justify a negative deposit rate," he said, referring to the ECB's bond-buying scheme. After the first round of the French election, sources on and close to the ECB Governing Council told Reuters many rate-setters saw scope for sending a small signal in June towards reducing monetary stimulus. Italy was the main underperformer on the day, partly because it has been one of the biggest beneficiaries of the ECB's bond-buying scheme which is weighted towards the size of each member state's economy. Italy's 10-year government bond yield rose as much as 7 basis points to 2.25 percent, while low-rated equivalents in Spain and Portugal were 2-3 basis higher.Yields on higher-rated government bonds such as benchmark German Bunds were flat or slightly lower on the day. Italy is due to hold an election by May 2018, which could coincide with ECB tapering, though, at the margins, investors say there is an outside chance of a snap election before the end of 2017. Italians are seen as more sceptical about the euro than the French, and the anti-euro 5-Star Movement leads many opinion polls ahead of the ruling Democratic Party."Macron's win now means Italian issues won't be obscured by French shadows," said Rabobank strategist Richard McGuire. "And we have the potential twin evils of Italy going to the polls early next year and tapering to think about at the same time." Citi analysts forecast the Italy-German 10-year bond yield spread - currently at 180 bps - could go as high as 300 bps in the first quarter of 2018. (Reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan; Editing by Janet Lawrence and Mark Potter) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: May 08, 2017 11:15 pm | Updated Date: May 08, 2017 11:15 pm Also See India aims to cut petroleum imports as it boosts alternative fuel use | Reuters India to expand access to J&J's TB drug this year | Reuters Sensex posts biggest gain in six weeks | Reuters Maoist rebels kill 24 police in Chhattisgarh | Reuters T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 May 9 KXIP Vs KKR 2 May 10 GL Vs DD 3 May 11 MI Vs KXIP 4 May 12 DD Vs RPS 5 May 13 GL Vs SRH Full Schedule Top Stories Fodder scam: All you need to know about the 21-year-old case against Lalu Prasad Yadav Aam Aadmi Party Live: Kejriwal Promises to Reveal 'Massive Conspiracy' in Assembly Sohail Mahmood, Pakistan's new High Commissioner to India, will constantly walk a tightrope SS Rajamouli's Baahubali follows Telugu cinema's long tradition of mythological films Are you a contrarian trader? Here’s what you should understand of put-call ratio Kashmir resents Delhi effort to change character of the Valley: Ex-RAW chief AS Dulat tells Firstpost IPL 2017: SRH’s bold decision to pick Mohammad Nabi over Kane Williamson paid rich dividends Supreme Court finds Vijay Mallya guilty of contempt, directs him to appear on 10 July Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs MUM Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Mumbai Indians by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs GUJ Gujarat Lions beat Kings XI Punjab by 6 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs KOL Kolkata Knight Riders beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 6 wickets Ireland in England, 2 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs IRE England beat Ireland by 85 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Delhi Daredevils by 146 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 12 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs PUN Kings XI Punjab beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 19 runs Ireland in England, 2 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs IRE England beat Ireland by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs GUJ Delhi Daredevils beat Gujarat Lions by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs KOL - May 9th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - May 10th, 2017, 07:30 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs DEL - May 10th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM vs PUN - May 11th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 IRE vs BAN - May 12th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL vs PNE - May 12th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs HYD - May 13th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs MUM - May 13th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 IRE vs NZ - May 14th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs PUN - May 14th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST 1Southern European bonds lags as spotlight shifts to ECB after Macron win | Reuters 2BOJ governor expects to meet price target with current monetary easing | Reuters 3Gold near 7-week low as safe-haven demand fades after French election | Reuters 4Oil a bright spot in subdued markets as investors seek next catalyst | Reuters 5Trump review of Wall Street rules to be done in stages - sources | Reuters More Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Delhi MCD Elections 2017 Results - Live Counting Delhi MCD Elections 2017 ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fabrinet - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fabrinet with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fabrinet (FN) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc. (FR) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Canaccord Genuity Boosts Heico Corp (HEI) Price Target to $80.00 Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Has $15.175 Million Position in IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Reduces Stake in S&P Global Inc (SPGI) Geneva Advisors LLC Invests $591,000 in Apogee Enterprises Inc (APOG) Millie Capital Management LLC Acquires 1,019 Shares of Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Raises Position in ANSYS, Inc. (ANSS) Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Acquires 268,663 Shares of CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Appleton Partners Inc. MA Has $1.162 Million Position in CME Group Inc (CME) Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) Stake Boosted by Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Analysts Set Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) PT at $53.47 Apache Co. (APA) Receives $59.95 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Meredith Co. (MDP) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.96 Per Share Zacks Investment Research Lowers Heska Corp (HSKA) to Hold ICF International Inc (ICFI) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Hudson Technologies, Inc. (HDSN) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research TransCanada Co. (TRP) PT Raised to C$76.00 Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) Shares Up 1.3% on Analyst Upgrade Cogent Communications Holdings Inc (CCOI) Releases Earnings Results, Meets Expectations Fabrinet (FN) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note released on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “Fabrinet provides precision optical, electro-mechanical and electronic manufacturing services to original equipment manufacturers of complex products, such as optical communication components, modules and sub-systems, industrial lasers and sensors. The Company offers a broad range of advanced optical capabilities across the entire manufacturing process, including process engineering, design for manufacturability, supply chain management, manufacturing, final assembly and test. Fabrinet manufactures, assembles, and tests products for customers at its main manufacturing facilities in Bangkok, Thailand. The Company designs and manufactures its own bulk optical materials and components at its facilities in Fuzhou, the People’s Republic of China, and New Jersey, USA. “ Several other equities analysts also recently weighed in on the company. Needham & Company LLC upgraded Fabrinet from a buy rating to a strong-buy rating and set a $56.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Piper Jaffray Companies lifted their price objective on Fabrinet from $55.00 to $58.00 and gave the stock an overweight rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $50.00 price objective on Fabrinet and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. B. Riley reiterated a buy rating and issued a $53.75 price objective on shares of Fabrinet in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus lifted their price objective on Fabrinet from $50.00 to $52.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $51.29. Shares of Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) traded up 4.11% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $34.16. 699,608 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.26 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.43 and a beta of 1.50. Fabrinet has a one year low of $31.59 and a one year high of $49.63. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $38.93 and a 200 day moving average of $40.69. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Fabrinet (FN) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/fabrinet-fn-downgraded-to-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other Fabrinet news, CEO David T. Mitchell sold 75,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $41.33, for a total transaction of $3,099,750.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 225,000 shares of company stock valued at $8,815,500. Corporate insiders own 4.30% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of FN. Pacad Investment Ltd. boosted its position in Fabrinet by 60.0% in the fourth quarter. Pacad Investment Ltd. now owns 3,200 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 1,200 shares during the last quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC boosted its position in Fabrinet by 196.1% in the first quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 3,903 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $164,000 after buying an additional 2,585 shares during the last quarter. Advisors Preferred LLC boosted its position in Fabrinet by 1,034.4% in the third quarter. Advisors Preferred LLC now owns 3,789 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $169,000 after buying an additional 3,455 shares during the last quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue boosted its position in Fabrinet by 2.0% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 4,080 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $171,000 after buying an additional 80 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Sei Investments Co. boosted its position in Fabrinet by 1,938.4% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 4,036 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $180,000 after buying an additional 3,838 shares during the last quarter. 90.98% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Fabrinet Company Profile Fabrinet provides optical packaging and precision optical, electro-mechanical and electronic manufacturing services to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of products, such as optical communication components, modules and sub-systems, industrial lasers, medical devices and sensors. The Company offers a range of optical and electro-mechanical capabilities across the manufacturing process, including process design and engineering, supply chain management, manufacturing, complex printed circuit board assembly, advanced packaging, integration, final assembly and test. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Fabrinet (FN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Fabrinet Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fabrinet and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Keane Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Keane Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News GrubHub Inc (GRUB) Receives $45.30 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Waters Co. (WAT) SVP Terrence P. Kelly Sells 8,997 Shares Computer Programs & Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.33 Per Share Brokerages Set Clearwater Paper Corp (CLW) PT at $68.75 Analysts Set DexCom, Inc. (DXCM) Target Price at $91.80 Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Receives $23.04 Consensus PT from Analysts CafePress Inc (PRSS) CEO Fred E. Durham III Purchases 31,518 Shares Schroder Asian Totl Retrn Invstmt Co PLC (ATR) Insider Acquires £5,556.40 in Stock Intercede Group plc (IGP) Insider Andrew John Walker Purchases 3,440 Shares Insider Buying: Schroder Asian Totl Retrn Invstmt Co PLC (ATR) Insider Acquires 684 Shares of Stock Henderson International Income Trust PLC (HINT) Insider Buys £10,000 in Stock Perion Network Ltd (PERI) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.04 EPS Textainer Group Holdings Limited (TGH) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.44 Advisory Services Network LLC Buys New Stake in Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) Advisor Partners LLC Raises Stake in Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Advisory Services Network LLC Acquires Shares of 6,225 Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Shares Bought by Advisor Partners LLC Advisor Partners LLC Has $708,000 Position in Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Advisory Services Network LLC Invests $214,000 in Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Community Health Systems (CYH) Cut to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Receives $23.04 Consensus PT from Analysts May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Keane Group Inc (NASDAQ:FRAC) has been given a consensus recommendation of “Buy” by the fourteen brokerages that are covering the firm. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. The average 1 year price target among analysts that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $23.04. A number of analysts have commented on the stock. R. F. Lafferty assumed coverage on shares of Keane Group in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. They set a “buy” rating and a $22.00 price objective for the company. Instinet reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $17.00 price objective on shares of Keane Group in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Scotiabank set a $21.00 price objective on shares of Keane Group and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday. Piper Jaffray Companies assumed coverage on shares of Keane Group in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $24.50 price objective for the company. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Keane Group in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $27.00 price objective for the company. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Receives $23.04 Consensus PT from Analysts” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/keane-group-inc-frac-receives-23-04-consensus-pt-from-analysts.html. Shares of Keane Group (NASDAQ:FRAC) traded up 0.38% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $13.34. 553,507 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock’s market cap is $1.37 billion. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $14.61 and its 200 day moving average price is $17.16. Keane Group has a one year low of $12.42 and a one year high of $22.93. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Nationwide Fund Advisors acquired a new position in shares of Keane Group during the first quarter worth $119,000. Strs Ohio acquired a new position in shares of Keane Group during the first quarter worth $131,000. First Mercantile Trust Co. acquired a new position in shares of Keane Group during the first quarter worth $133,000. Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Keane Group during the first quarter worth $153,000. Finally, Creative Planning acquired a new position in shares of Keane Group during the first quarter worth $177,000. About Keane Group Keane Group, Inc is provider of integrated well completion services in the United States, with a focus on demanding completion solutions. The Company’s segments include Completion Services, which comprises hydraulic fracturing and wireline divisions, and Other Services, which consists of coiled tubing, cementing and drilling divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Keane Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Keane Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Southern European bonds lags as spotlight shifts to ECB after Macron win Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Mon May 8, 2017 | 9:29pm IST Southern European bonds lags as spotlight shifts to ECB after Macron win left right French President elect Emmanuel Macron walks towards the stage at the Louvre Museum to give a speech to supporters after results in the 2017 presidential election in Paris, France, May 7, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Lopez/Pool 1/2 left right The headquarters of the European Central Bank (ECB) (R) is seen next to the famous skyline in Frankfurt, Germany, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/Files 2/2 By Abhinav Ramnarayan | LONDON LONDON Southern European government bonds underperformed in a volatile session on Monday as investors mulled the implications for monetary policy of centrist Emmanuel Macron's victory in the French presidential election. Macron became France's president on Sunday, a result hailed by European leaders as a vote for unity and a blow to political forces that had sought to build on last year's Brexit vote to tear apart the European Union. The gap between French and German 10-year borrowing costs dropped to 33 basis points at one stage, a six-month low. But an early rally in low-rated euro zone bond yields dissipated as concerns over what this might mean for the European Central Bank's ultra loose monetary policy stance came to the fore. "Investors will now go back to the basics of watching the underlying euro zone economic and inflation data and what implications it may have for monetary policy," said Iain Stealey, a fixed income portfolio manager for JP Morgan Asset Management, one of the biggest bond investors in the world. "The underlying GDP data is too strong for there to be 60 billion euros of (bond) purchases and though inflation numbers are below target, they are not low enough to justify a negative deposit rate," he said, referring to the ECB's bond-buying scheme. After the first round of the French election, sources on and close to the ECB Governing Council told Reuters many rate-setters saw scope for sending a small signal in June towards reducing monetary stimulus. Italy was the main underperformer on the day, partly because it has been one of the biggest beneficiaries of the ECB's bond-buying scheme which is weighted towards the size of each member state's economy. Italy's 10-year government bond yield rose as much as 7 basis points to 2.25 percent, while low-rated equivalents in Spain and Portugal were 2-3 basis higher. Yields on higher-rated government bonds such as benchmark German Bunds were flat or slightly lower on the day. Italy is due to hold an election by May 2018, which could coincide with ECB tapering, though, at the margins, investors say there is an outside chance of a snap election before the end of 2017. Italians are seen as more sceptical about the euro than the French, and the anti-euro 5-Star Movement leads many opinion polls ahead of the ruling Democratic Party. "Macron's win now means Italian issues won't be obscured by French shadows," said Rabobank strategist Richard McGuire. "And we have the potential twin evils of Italy going to the polls early next year and tapering to think about at the same time." Citi analysts forecast the Italy-German 10-year bond yield spread - currently at 180 bps - could go as high as 300 bps in the first quarter of 2018. (Reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan; Editing by Janet Lawrence and Mark Potter) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News Asia stocks, dollar subdued after French relief, South Korea vote eyed SINGAPORE Asian stock markets edged down on Tuesday following a flat close on Wall Street, as investors searched for the next catalyst following France's presidential election, while oil inched higher on expectations OPEC supply cuts will be extended. Oil gives up earlier gains as rising U.S. output, China concerns weigh SINGAPORE Oil prices gave up earlier gains on Tuesday, as concerns over slowing demand and a relentless rise in U.S. crude output undermined the impact of hopes that OPEC-led production cuts could be extended. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Supreme court rules liquor baron Vijay Mallya guilty of contempt of court - TV Market Jockey Live updates from markets and economy Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Climate Activists and Native Leaders to Shut Down Chase Bank branches across Seattle TODAY May 8, 2017 (Investorideas.com Newswire) Local indigenous leaders and 350 Seattle climate activists will attempt to shut down at least a dozen Chase Bank branches across Seattle on Monday in a major escalation in their campaign to keep banks from funding projects catastrophic to the climate and to indigenous rights. JP Morgan Chase is one of the biggest funders of tar sands development; the bank did not respond to activists’ demand last week that it issue a statement indicating that it would not fund Keystone XL, or any other new tar sands infrastructure. The same group helped to lead the successful fight to persuade the City of Seattle to take its money out of Wells Fargo due to DAPL funding in February. „Chase’s money is funding these fossil fuel projects,” says Northern Cheyenne Water Protector Ray Kingfisher. „They are killing and poisoning our children, our animals, our water, and our land. We need to stand for our rights and those of our future generations.” „We have to withdraw our consent from business as usual,” adds Valerie Costa of 350 Seattle. „We know that if we stay on the path we’re on, it ends in disaster.” KXL still has no project-level loans–and activists say it’s not too late to stop the project. They point out that with a climate denier in office, they have to take the fight straight to the funders, and they say that they intend to make this project as toxic politically as it is toxic for the planet. City Councilmember Mike O’Brien was part of the press conference announcing the action last week. “I’m taking part in this action to make it crystal clear to Chase–if the bank finances KXL or other tar sands projects, the City of Seattle will not do business with it,” he says. „The fight against Dakota Access Pipeline was only the beginning; the fight for our Mother Earth will only get bigger. Indigenous people have always fought this fight and will continue this fight,” says Muckleshoot Tribal member Rachel Heaton. „Our future truly depends on these decisions.” Contact: Emily Johnston 206-407-5003 What: #ShutDownChase: Direct Action in Protest of Tar Sands Financing When: Monday, May 8 (time TBD) Where: Chase branches across Seattle (exact locations will be announced upon deployment) More Info: This news is published on the Investorideas.com Newswire – a global digital news source for investors and business leaders Disclaimer/Disclosure: Investorideas.com is a digital publisher of third party sourced news, articles and equity research as well as creates original content, including video, interviews and articles. Original content created by investorideas is protected by copyright laws other than syndication rights. Our site does not make recommendations for purchases or sale of stocks, services or products. Nothing on our sites should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell products or securities. All investment involves risk and possible loss of investment. This site is currently compensated for news publication and distribution, social media and marketing, content creation and more. Contact each company directly regarding content and press release questions. Disclosure is posted for each compensated news release, content published /created if required but otherwise the news was not compensated for and was published for the sole interest of our readers and followers. More disclaimer info: http://www.investorideas.com/About/Disclaimer.asp Additional info regarding BC Residents and global Investors: Effective September 15 2008 – all BC investors should review all OTC and Pink sheet listed companies for adherence in new disclosure filings and filing appropriate documents with Sedar. Read for more info: http://www.bcsc.bc.ca/release.aspx?id=6894. Global investors must adhere to regulations of each country. CategoriesUncategorized TagsRenewable Energy Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Featured Interview: CEO Steve Marshall of Cuba Ventures Corp.(OTCPink: MPSFF) Next PostNext CurveBeam Announces FDA 510(k) Clearance for InReach Cone Beam CT Imaging System for the Upper Extremities Search Recent Posts Latest News: World gross product of Sterilization Cassettes Industry is forecast to expand by 2.7 per cent in 2017 and 2.9 per cent in 2018 Global Sterilizer Deionizers Market Analysis by regions (United States, EU, China, India and Japan) Vascular Lesions Treatment Laser Market World Analysis by product picture and specification, capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information Latest News: World gross product of Suplatast Tosilate Industry is forecast to expand by 2.7 per cent in 2017 and 2.9 per cent in 2018 Aircraft Seating Market: Global Industry Trend Analysis 2012 to 2017 and Forecast 2017 – 2025 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Zix Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zix Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Meredith Co. (MDP) CFO Sells $71,852.14 in Stock Insider Selling: Zix Co. (ZIXI) VP Sells $55,500.00 in Stock Brokerages Set ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD) Price Target at $152.00 Brokerages Set Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (FCAU) Price Target at $11.88 Brokerages Set Occidental Petroleum Co. (OXY) Target Price at $71.72 Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Receives $44.76 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Expect Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) to Post $0.70 EPS Unico American (UNAM) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.13 Gain Capital Holdings Inc (GCAP) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.16 EPS U.S. Bancorp (USB) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Enerplus Corp (ERF) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.21 EPS DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance 1,132 Shares in Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Acquired by Shine Investment Advisory Services Inc. Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) Shares Sold by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Raises Stake in Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) Stake Held by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp American International Group Inc (AIG) Shares Sold by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Acquires 2,450 Shares of American Electric Power Company Inc (AEP) Enbridge Inc (ENB) Shares Bought by Wetherby Asset Management Inc. CubeSmart (CUBE) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Insider Selling: Zix Co. (ZIXI) VP Sells $55,500.00 in Stock May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Zix Co. (NASDAQ:ZIXI) VP Kelly P. Haggerty sold 10,000 shares of Zix stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $5.55, for a total transaction of $55,500.00. Following the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 123,265 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $684,120.75. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Zix Co. (NASDAQ:ZIXI) traded up 0.454% during trading on Monday, hitting $5.535. 167,802 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $5.08 and its 200-day moving average is $4.81. The company has a market capitalization of $293.13 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 50.318 and a beta of 1.37. Zix Co. has a 12 month low of $3.61 and a 12 month high of $5.99. Zix (NASDAQ:ZIXI) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The software maker reported $0.03 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.06 by $0.03. The company had revenue of $15.89 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.70 million. Zix had a return on equity of 18.95% and a net margin of 9.70%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 10.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.06 EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that Zix Co. will post $0.28 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Insider Selling: Zix Co. (ZIXI) VP Sells $55,500.00 in Stock” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/insider-selling-zix-co-zixi-vp-sells-55500-00-in-stock.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Penserra Capital Management LLC raised its position in Zix by 11.5% in the third quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 2,248,391 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $9,218,000 after buying an additional 232,101 shares during the last quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC raised its position in Zix by 95.6% in the first quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 362,522 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $1,745,000 after buying an additional 177,164 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Zix by 491.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 165,231 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $677,000 after buying an additional 137,287 shares during the last quarter. Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc. raised its position in Zix by 10.0% in the first quarter. Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc. now owns 1,352,797 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $6,506,000 after buying an additional 122,980 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Algert Global LLC raised its position in Zix by 17.1% in the first quarter. Algert Global LLC now owns 612,389 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $2,946,000 after buying an additional 89,447 shares during the last quarter. 65.31% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Separately, Imperial Capital reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $6.00 price target (up from $5.50) on shares of Zix in a research note on Monday, February 27th. About Zix Zix Corporation offers e-mail encryption, data loss prevention and bring-your-own-device (BYOD) security to meet business data protection and compliance needs. The Company operates through e-mail encryption and security solutions. Its Zix Email Encryption enables the secure exchange of e-mails that include sensitive information through a secure messaging service. Receive News & Ratings for Zix Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zix Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Toggle navigation Home News Deals People Research Property Types Property Types Market Rate Luxury Affordable Student Housing Military Housing Senior Housing Condo Summit Equity Investments Nabs First Indianapolis Property Market Rate Summit Equity Investments Nabs First Indianapolis Property SummerHill Wraps Santa Clara Luxury Community Luxury SummerHill Wraps Santa Clara Luxury Community Brooklyn Luxury Apartments Land $120M Loan Slideshow 08 May 2017 14:30 NAI Brokers $9M SF Community Sale Market Rate 08 May 2017 13:54 Dougherty Closes $12M HUD Loan for OH Community Slideshow 08 May 2017 13:38 Wood Partners Sells Tampa-Area Community Slideshow 08 May 2017 12:07 Central Florida Community Trades for $24M Market Rate 05 May 2017 17:52 Business Specialties Business Specialties Finance & Investment Development Architecture & Design Operations Marketing Kayne Anderson Snags Sentio Investments for $825M Finance & Investment Kayne Anderson Snags Sentio Investments for $825M Eden Breaks Ground on $87M North Miami Beach Property Development Eden Breaks Ground on $87M North Miami Beach Property Berkeley Point Provides $2.2B in Financing for Starwood-Milestone Deal Finance & Investment 08 May 2017 08:09 On the Market: 5 Interesting Listings for the Week of 5/1 Luxury 05 May 2017 14:39 Sunrise to Helm Lease-Up at Luxury SoCal Community Operations 05 May 2017 14:34 Dougherty Secures $15M HUD Loan for Ohio Community Slideshow 05 May 2017 13:35 Awards Polls Multimedia Multimedia Videos Podcasts Slideshows Olympus Grows Southeast Footprint with GA Purchase Slideshow Cousins Continues $300M Disposition Plan with Atlanta Sale Video Luxury Condo Makes Its Debut in Manhattan Slideshow Eden Breaks Ground on $87M North Miami Beach Property by Jeffrey Steele May 08, 2017 Miami South Development More News Subscribe to MHN Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email May082017 NOMA North Miami Beach, a 354-unit mixed-use project, will be the first of its kind to rise in the new urban town center on the city’s east side. NOMA North Miami Beach, a 354-unit mixed-use development from Eden Multifamily, is now under construction. Situated on a 2.58-acre parcel at 2145 NE 164th Street in North Miami Beach, Fla., the $87 million development is a joint venture involving two Florida-headquartered companies: Coconut Grove-based Eden Multifamily and Miami Lakes-based Florida Value Partners. NOMA North Miami Beach is the first project in the mixed-use development area comprising the new urban town center on the east side of North Miami Beach. The project has secured financing from JPMorgan Chase and preferred equity financing from Related Real Estate Debt Strategies LLC. Coastal Construction is the general contractor, MSA Architects the architect of record, Bruce Howard Associates the landscape architect and IDDI Design International the interior designer. The development is slated for completion in 2018. “The site is located in a part of northeast Dade County within the City of North Miami Beach that had not seen any new development in over 40 years,” Eden Multifamily president and CEO Jay Jacobson told MHN. “The city had just finished a major rezoning of their area, and the location became very intriguing to us given the lack of new supply and the overall demand for new residential in the eastern part of the city. “The site was not broadly marketed. We knew that it had recently been re-zoned and we contacted the owners and made them an offer to purchase.” NOMA North Miami Beach features a blend of studio, one-, two- and three-bedroom residences, as well as seven adjacent two-and three-bedroom townhomes along the greenway and commercial-retail-work space along NE 164th Street. Common-area amenities include an inner courtyard pool, community rooms, state-of-the-art fitness center, cybercafe gathering areas, fiber connected Wi-Fi throughout the building and adjoining parking garage. There will also be an adjacent landscaped park along the city of North Miami Beach greenway and Snake Creek Canal. NOMA North Miami Beach will offer direct access to all significant job hubs in Aventura and Sunny Isles Beach, as well as convenient access to the downtown areas of both Fort Lauderdale and Miami. Residents will also find it easy to access area beaches and popular shopping destinations, among them the nearby neighborhood retail institution Laurenzo’s Italian Market, a local treasure for more than six decades. “We typically underwrite our projects in this part of the market to a 6.5 to 6.75 percent untrended yield on cost,” Jacobson said. “Construction costs were a concern so we brought the contractor on board during the design process and developed a very efficient plan from the start. All in all, the project is being developed in a very low supply, limited competitive submarket, in an area that has significant demand.” Eden Housing Florida Value Partners JPMorgan Chase Related Posts Melo Group Tops Off Miami Condos 03 May 2017 14:40 Miami Luxury Condo Project Lands $236M Financing 06 April 2017 12:48 Slideshow: Muse Luxury Tower Reaches Completion 29 March 2017 08:29 Encore Capital Unveils $350M Project Name 23 March 2017 15:01 Muse Residences in Florida Topped Off 15 March 2017 15:36 Top Stories Kayne Anderson Snags Sentio Investments for $825M 08 May 2017 19:15 Summit Equity Investments Nabs First Indianapolis Property 08 May 2017 18:25 SummerHill Wraps Santa Clara Luxury Community 08 May 2017 16:44 Eden Breaks Ground on $87M North Miami Beach Property 08 May 2017 15:07 Brooklyn Luxury Apartments Land $120M Loan 08 May 2017 14:30 More Top Stories About Us Contact Advertising Editorial Guidelines Industry Links Archive Tags Subscribe to MHN News by City Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Baton Rouge Boston Charleston Charlotte Chicago Cincinnati Cleveland Columbia Columbus Dallas Denver Detroit Durham Hampton Roads Honolulu Houston Indianapolis Jacksonville Kansas City Las Vegas Los Angeles Memphis Miami Milwaukee Minneapolis Nashville New Orleans New York Oklahoma City Orlando Philadelphia Phoenix Pittsburgh Portland Providence Raleigh Richmond Salt Lake City San Antonio San Diego San Francisco Seattle St. Louis Tampa Tucson Tulsa Washington DC Connect with MHN Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest Yardi Companies and Affiliates Point2 Point2 Homes PropertyShark YES Energy Management MCEnergy Yardi Matrix Yardi Marketplace Commercial Property Executive Optimus RENTCafé Digital Editions Magazine Archive © 2017 - Multi-Housing News Online
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Finance Firms Voicing Brexit Plans Rises After Trigger, EY Says by Gavin Finch @GavinFinchBBG More stories by Gavin Finch May 8, 2017, 10:21 AM EDT Quarter of companies have revealed contingency arrangements Proportion is 50% increase from four months ago, firm says Dombret Says Most Bankers Expect Hard or Very Hard Brexit More than a quarter of major U.K. financial services firms have said they will move staff or operations abroad, or are reviewing their domicile because of Brexit, according to consulting firm EY. That’s a 50 percent increase this year in the number of banks, insurers and asset managers which have publicly fleshed out their plans as the countdown ticks toward Britain’s March 2019 withdrawal from the European Union, said EY, which is monitoring 222 firms. Eight of the biggest investment banks, including Goldman Sachs Group Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Deutsche Bank AG, have detailed their contingency arrangements in the past fortnight. Finance companies are preparing to move some British-based operations into new or expanded bases inside the EU after Prime Minister Theresa May began the formal process for quitting the 28-nation bloc. London could lose 10,000 banking jobs and a further 20,000 roles in financial services, according to the Bruegel think tank, while other estimates range from as little as 4,000 to as many as 232,000 positions. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up “The number of financial institutions who are publicly committing to concrete action in response to Brexit has increased, but it’s still a minority and is driven by the tight timetable rather than by politics,” EY U.K. financial services leader Omar Ali said in a statement. “The more complex the organization, the longer it is going to take to create workable contingency options, and so investment banks in particular are putting their plans on record.” Separately, firms in the capital’s financial district don’t think the two-year Brexit negotiation period is long enough either for the U.K. to redefine its trading relationship with the EU or for companies to restructure their businesses, according to Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP. Firms want a lengthy phased implementation period after March 2019 to adapt to the new rules, the law firm said in a report Monday. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read The Long, Hard, Unprecedented Fall of Sears Buffett Confronts Search for Next Big Thing After Missed Chances Sinclair Buys Tribune in $3.9 Billion Deal, Creating TV Goliath The Kushner Project Touted in China Is in Trouble at Home Chinese Tycoons Plant Money Management Flags on Wall Street Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Twilio Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Twilio Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Twilio Inc (TWLO) Cut to “Hold” at Vetr Inc. Twilio Inc (TWLO) PT Lowered to $28.00 at Summit Redstone Cadence Design Systems Inc (CDNS) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Paramount Group Inc (PGRE) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Manulife Financial Co. (MFC) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Weibo Corp (WB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Cornerstone Advisors Inc. Acquires 217 Shares of Biogen Inc (BIIB) Corning Incorporated (GLW) Shares Bought by Moloney Securities Asset Management LLC Manulife Financial Co. (MFC) Shares Sold by IFP Advisors Inc Palo Capital Inc. Has $232,000 Position in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Smith Chas P & Associates PA Cpas Purchases 359 Shares of BP plc (BP) Weyerhaeuser Co (WY) Shares Bought by Meyer Handelman Co. PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ) Position Held by Oakworth Capital Inc. Oakworth Capital Inc. Has $946,000 Stake in Baxter International Inc (BAX) Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) Stake Maintained by Meyer Handelman Co. IFP Advisors Inc Boosts Position in Baidu Inc (BIDU) Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Kinross Gold (KGC) Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research PHH Co. (PHH) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Stifel Nicolaus Boosts PROS Holdings, Inc. (PRO) Price Target to $26.00 Twilio Inc (TWLO) Cut to “Hold” at Vetr Inc. May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Vetr downgraded shares of Twilio Inc (NASDAQ:TWLO) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report sent to investors on Wednesday morning. The firm currently has $34.70 target price on the technology company’s stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a neutral rating and issued a $38.00 target price on shares of Twilio in a report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Drexel Hamilton reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a $50.00 price objective on shares of Twilio in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Twilio from a sell rating to a buy rating and set a $36.00 target price for the company in a research report on Friday, April 28th. William Blair reissued an outperform rating on shares of Twilio in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Twilio from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and increased their target price for the company from $26.93 to $36.00 in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $36.45. Twilio (NASDAQ:TWLO) traded down 3.80% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $23.06. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,171,102 shares. The company’s market cap is $2.04 billion. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $29.69 and its 200 day moving average is $31.51. Twilio has a 12 month low of $22.90 and a 12 month high of $70.96. Twilio (NASDAQ:TWLO) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The technology company reported ($0.14) earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.14). The business earned $87.37 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $83.57 million. On average, equities analysts forecast that Twilio will post ($0.19) EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Twilio Inc (TWLO) Cut to “Hold” at Vetr Inc.” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/twilio-inc-twlo-cut-to-hold-at-vetr-inc.html. In other Twilio news, CFO Lee Kirkpatrick sold 10,000 shares of Twilio stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $30.42, for a total value of $304,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 14,535 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $442,154.70. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Scott Campbell Raney sold 22,058 shares of Twilio stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $32.17, for a total transaction of $709,605.86. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 22,058 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $709,605.86. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 55,427 shares of company stock valued at $1,743,096 over the last ninety days. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. FMR LLC boosted its position in shares of Twilio by 290.5% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 5,067,582 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $146,200,000 after buying an additional 3,770,015 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in shares of Twilio by 266.0% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 3,038,897 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $87,733,000 after buying an additional 2,208,692 shares during the period. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in shares of Twilio by 841.2% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 2,187,187 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $63,145,000 after buying an additional 1,954,807 shares during the period. Union Square GP 2008 L.L.C. purchased a new position in shares of Twilio during the fourth quarter valued at about $45,861,000. Finally, Eagle Asset Management Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Twilio during the first quarter valued at about $23,754,000. About Twilio Twilio Inc offers Cloud Communications Platform, which enables developers to build, scale and operate real-time communications within software applications. The Company’s platform consists of Programmable Communications Cloud, Super Network and Business Model for Innovators. Its Programmable Communications Cloud software enables developers to embed voice, messaging, video and authentication capabilities into their applications through its Application Programming Interfaces (APIs). To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Twilio Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Twilio Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Roper Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research PHH Co. (PHH) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Stifel Nicolaus Boosts PROS Holdings, Inc. (PRO) Price Target to $26.00 PennyMac Financial Services Inc (PFSI) Posts Earnings Results Premier (PINC) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.56 Golar LNG Limited (GLNG) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.56 Sunstone Hotel Investors Inc (SHO) Earns “Buy” Rating from Canaccord Genuity Evolent Health (EVH) Earning Very Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Pfizer’s (PFE) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Very Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect National Health Investors (NHI) Share Price Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms Hold Rating for Sonic Automotive Inc (SAH) SeaWorld Entertainment Inc (SEAS) Cut to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Wedbush Boosts Shopify Inc (US) (SHOP) Price Target to $95.00 FS Investment Co. (FSIC) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms Hold Rating for First of Long Island Corp (FLIC) KemPharm Inc (KMPH) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Cut to Buy at Vetr Inc. Allergan plc (AGN) Shares Sold by State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Increases Stake in QTS Realty Trust Inc (QTS) Jacqueline D. Reses Sells 10,936 Shares of Square Inc (SQ) Stock Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Roper Technologies reported first quarter 2017 results, wherein earnings beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate but revenues missed the same. However on year-over-year basis, revenues registered strong increase, driven by growth across all segments. Management also raised earnings per share guidance for the current year. For 2017, the company expects adjusted earnings per share in a range of $8.98–$9.28, compared with $8.82–$9.22 projected earlier. We continue to believe that the company’s asset-light business model will boost financial performance in the long run. Also, acquisitions and winning of key projects like New York City’s MTA project are long term growth drivers. However, stiff competition, weakness in oil and gas, and a leveraged balance sheet remain overhangs. Shares underperformed the broader market in the past one year.” A number of other brokerages also recently weighed in on ROP. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated an outperform rating and issued a $248.00 target price (up previously from $245.00) on shares of Roper Technologies in a report on Monday, May 1st. Barclays PLC boosted their price target on Roper Technologies from $221.00 to $237.00 and gave the company an overweight rating in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Argus raised Roper Technologies from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $235.00 price target for the company in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Roper Technologies from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and set a $219.00 price target for the company. in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Finally, Cowen and Company reissued an outperform rating and issued a $250.00 price target (up previously from $220.00) on shares of Roper Technologies in a research note on Monday, April 17th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $226.56. Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) traded up 0.11% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $221.15. 61,637 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a market capitalization of $22.56 billion, a PE ratio of 34.13 and a beta of 0.87. The company has a 50 day moving average of $210.34 and a 200-day moving average of $194.34. Roper Technologies has a 52 week low of $159.28 and a 52 week high of $225.57. Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) last issued its earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The industrial products company reported $2.11 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.99 by $0.12. The company had revenue of $1.09 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.09 billion. Roper Technologies had a return on equity of 11.97% and a net margin of 17.38%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 20.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.81 EPS. Equities research analysts predict that Roper Technologies will post $9.21 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/roper-technologies-inc-rop-cut-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 21st. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 7th were given a dividend of $0.35 per share. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, April 5th. This represents a $1.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.63%. Roper Technologies’s payout ratio is currently 21.77%. In other Roper Technologies news, Director Christopher Wright sold 1,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $207.18, for a total transaction of $207,180.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 66,404 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $13,757,580.72. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 2.50% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of Roper Technologies during the fourth quarter worth about $221,070,000. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its stake in shares of Roper Technologies by 7.3% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 14,218,855 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $2,594,514,000 after buying an additional 961,508 shares during the last quarter. Brown Advisory Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Roper Technologies by 34.0% in the fourth quarter. Brown Advisory Inc. now owns 2,292,521 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $419,715,000 after buying an additional 581,048 shares during the last quarter. Capital World Investors boosted its stake in shares of Roper Technologies by 43.2% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 1,010,000 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $184,295,000 after buying an additional 304,500 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Federated Investors Inc. PA boosted its stake in shares of Roper Technologies by 10,738.7% in the fourth quarter. Federated Investors Inc. PA now owns 299,581 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $54,848,000 after buying an additional 296,817 shares during the last quarter. 97.47% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Roper Technologies Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Roper Technologies (ROP) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Roper Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Steve Brown Plano to pony up payment for new Boeing HQ in Legacy West Filed under Real Estate at 17 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Steve Brown, Real Estate Editor Connect with Steve Brown On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Aviation giant Boeing could get $200,000 in Plano economic development incentives to help set up its new division headquarters in Legacy West. Boeing disclosed in March that it would locate the headquarters for its new global services division in the $3 billion Legacy West development on the Dallas North Tollway at State Highway 121. Plano's city council is set to approve a cash grant of up to $200,000 to Boeing for the new operation. Driving forces: Toyota's road to the future merged well with Plano's corporate path To get the funding, Boeing will have to rent 15,000 square feet of office space and locate 50 employees in Legacy West. The aerospace giant will join Toyota, JPMorgan Chase, Liberty Mutual Insurance and FedEx with offices in the 240-acre development. The new division will provide training, supply chain management, aircraft modernization and data optimization for its customers. The Chicago-based aircraft maker plans to have the new division up and running with a few dozen senior management officials by later this year. Landing the aerospace firm's division headquarters is another big win for Legacy West, which started construction just over two years ago and will be mostly finished by the end of this year. What Boeing taught D-FW 16 years ago helped land the jet giant this time Boeing will have its office in the same building just North of Legacy Drive where Toyota is housing its high-tech Toyota Connected division headquarters. To get the full economic grant from Plano, Boeing wil have to have its office fully staffed by the end of 2018. Boeing said it will invest more than $2 million in improvements in the new office. Subscribe to our new weekly real estate newsletter. View Comments Tags Real Estate Business Plano Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance New Oriental Education & Tech Grp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for New Oriental Education & Tech Grp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wells Fargo & Co’s (WFC) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (RARE) YY Inc (YY) Research Coverage Started at BOCOM International Holdings New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (EDU) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39 Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (ruth) Announces $0.09 Quarterly Dividend Engie SA (GSZ) Given a €14.50 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) PT Set at €2.70 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Greystone Investment Management LLC Sells 914 Shares of Time Warner Inc (TWX) CSX Co. (CSX) Shares Sold by Stonebridge Capital Management Inc. Cidara Therapeutics (CDTX) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.20 BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.33 EPS Gamble Jones Investment Counsel Boosts Position in Allergan plc (AGN) Deutsche Highome Opportunitis Fd (DHG) Getting Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Investment Counsel Inc. Increases Stake in BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Supplemental Annuity Collective Trust of NJ Has $856,000 Position in Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) WGL Holdings Inc (WGL) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance SunTrust Banks Weighs in on Otonomy Inc’s FY2021 Earnings (OTIC) Everett Harris & Co. CA Increases Stake in BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Antero Resources Corp (AR) Position Maintained by Strs Ohio Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Stake Held by Strs Ohio New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (EDU) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39 May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (NYSE:EDU) has trended positive on Monday, according to AlphaOne Sentiment. The research group, a unit of Accern, identifies negative and positive press coverage by reviewing more than 20 million blog and news sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp earned a media sentiment score of 0.39 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave news stories about the company an impact score of 0 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is extremely unlikely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the next few days. Several equities analysts have recently issued reports on EDU shares. Benchmark Co. started coverage on shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $75.00 price target for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $62.00 price target for the company in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $74.80 price objective on shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Finally, Bank of America Corp initiated coverage on shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. They issued a “neutral” rating on the stock. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $64.54. Shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (NYSE:EDU) traded up 0.77% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $65.82. 114,283 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp has a 12 month low of $37.16 and a 12 month high of $68.52. The stock has a market cap of $10.37 billion, a P/E ratio of 39.67 and a beta of 1.29. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $61.13 and a 200-day moving average of $51.46. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (NYSE:EDU) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday, April 24th. The company reported $0.43 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.42 by $0.01. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp had a net margin of 14.96% and a return on equity of 16.46%. The company had revenue of $437.90 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $418.67 million. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.34 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 26.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts forecast that New Oriental Education & Tech Grp will post $1.73 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/new-oriental-education-tech-grp-edu-earns-coverage-optimism-rating-of-0-39.html. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp Company Profile New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc is a provider of private educational services in the People’s Republic of China (the PRC). The Company provides educational services under its New Oriental brand. The Company operates through seven segments, which include language training and test preparation, primary and secondary school education, online education, content development and distribution, pre-school education, overseas study consulting services and study tour. Receive News & Ratings for New Oriental Education & Tech Grp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for New Oriental Education & Tech Grp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: May 9, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest BusinessNow Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Budget 2017 Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport Netball The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Coal Just Can't Compete, Despite Trump's Promises The numbers don't add up anymore Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article Protect Yourself From Financial Disaster With These 6 Emergency Tips Don't get caught flat-footed My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Southern Europe lags as spotlight shifts to ECB after Macron win May 08, 2017, 08:41:00 AM EDT By Reuters Reuters UPDATE 3-Southern Europe lags as spotlight shifts to ECB after Macron win 
* France-German bond yield spread hits 6-month low after
vote
    * Investors wary Macron win could pave way for ECB to
tighten
    * Italy underperforms on election, tapering concerns
    * Analysts: "buy the rumour, sell the fact" partly to blame
    * Decisive victory for Merkel's party in German local
election
    * Euro zone periphery govt bond yields http://tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr

 (Adds background on Italy)
    By Abhinav RamnarayanLONDON, May 8 (Reuters) - Southern European government bonds
underperformed in a volatile session on Monday as investors
mulled the implications for monetary policy of centrist Emmanuel
Macron's victory in the French presidential election.
    Macron became France's president on Sunday, a result hailed
by European leaders as a vote for unity and a blow to political
forces that had sought to build on last year's Brexit vote to
tear apart the European Union. [nL8N1I90W0]
    The gap between French and German 10-year borrowing costs
dropped to 33 basis points at one stage, a six-month low.
<FR10YT=TWEB> <DE10YT=TWEB>
    But an early rally in low-rated euro zone bond yields
dissipated as concerns over what this might mean for the
European Central Bank's ultra loose monetary policy stance came
to the fore.
    "Investors will now go back to the basics of watching the
underlying euro zone economic and inflation data and what
implications it may have for monetary policy," said Iain
Stealey, a fixed income portfolio manager for JP Morgan Asset
Management, one of the biggest bond investors in the world.
    "The underlying GDP data is too strong for there to be 60
billion euros of (bond) purchases and though inflation numbers
are below target, they are not low enough to justify a negative
deposit rate," he said, referring to the ECB's bond-buying
scheme.
    Italy was the underperformer on the day, partly because it
has been the biggest beneficiary of the ECB's bond-buying
scheme. Italy is due to hold an election by May 2018, which
could coincide with ECB tapering, though, at the margins,
investors say there is an outside chance of a snap election
before the end of 2017.
    Italians are seen as more sceptical about the euro than the
French, and the anti-euro 5-Star Movement leads many opinion
polls ahead of the ruling Democratic Party. [nL5N1FO631]
[nL5N1GY25G]
    "Macron's win now means Italian issues won't be obscured by
French shadows," said Rabobank strategist Richard McGuire. "And
we have the potential twin evils of Italy going to the polls
early next year and tapering to think about at the same time."
    Citi analysts forecast the Italy-German 10-year bond yield
spread - currently at 180 bps - could go as high as 300 bps in
the first quarter of 2018.
    Italy's 10-year government bond <IT10YT=TWEB> yield rose 3
basis points to 2.20 percent.
    High-rated government bond yields were 1-3 bps lower while
Spanish and Portuguese 10-year borrowing costs were flat to 1 bp
higher. <ES10YT=TWEB> <PT10YT=TWEB>

    RALLIED SUBSTANTIALLY
    ING strategist Martin van Vliet said there may also be some
"buy the rumour, sell the fact" trades taking place, with
Southern European government bonds having rallied substantially
in the days leading up to the vote.
    German 10-year government bond yields were lower 3 basis
points to 0.39 percent on Monday, having risen over 25 basis
points in the last three weeks. <DE10YT=TWEB>
    Earlier this month, data showed euro zone consumer inflation
rose to 1.9 percent in April, beating forecasts of 1.8 percent,
and close to the ECB's target of just below 2 percent.
[nB5N1CU02Q]
    Preliminary estimates showed last week the euro zone economy
started the year with robust growth that outstripped that of the
United States and set the stage for a strong 2017. [nL8N1I52HP]
    After the first round of the French election, sources on and
close to the ECB Governing Council told Reuters many
rate-setters see scope for sending a small signal in June
towards reducing monetary stimulus. [nL8N1HX5PT]
    On Monday, data showed investor sentiment in the euro zone
hit its highest level in almost a decade in May, improving more
than expected thanks to a strong assessment of the current
economic situation and expectations that political uncertainty
will diminish. [nL9N1BE013]
    With German Chancellor Angela Merkel gaining momentum ahead
of the German federal election in September, political risk
appears to have diminished for the rest of the year, said
Stealey, with Italy's election likely to be called next year.
    Merkel's conservatives won a decisive victory over their
Social Democrat (SPD) rivals in a vote in Germany's northern
state of Schleswig-Holstein on Sunday, boosting her prospects of
winning in September. [nL8N1I90FQ]

 (Reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan, editing by Nigel Stephenson
and Janet Lawrence)
 ((abhinav.ramnarayan@thomsonreuters.com; 0044 207 542 7253;
0044 777 555 1499;))

Keywords: EUROZONE BONDS/FRANCE (UPDATE 3)
 This article appears in: Stocks , World Markets , Politics More from Reuters Subscribe RPT-GLOBAL-MARKETS-Asia stocks, dollar subdued after French relief, S.Korea vote eyed POLL-Malaysia c.bank seen holding key rate, focus on core inflation Japan's Nikkei loses momentum, slips back from 17-month highs Related stocks Articles Subscribe No Fear...but No Rally Yet Either 5/09/2017 01:59 AM Australian Bank Stocks Smashed on Rumors of New Levy 5/09/2017 01:58 AM Are You Ready To Make 35 Percent In 6 Days? 5/09/2017 01:00 AM See Reuters News Follow on: Most Popular Highest Rated Oil prices near $50 a barrel after U.S. inventory data Scripps Networks Interactive acquires Spoon University First Solar Inc. (FSLR) Is Climbing After Guidance Boost SEC approves request to list and trade quadruple-leveraged ETfs Apple Inc. Q2 Earnings Rise 5% Intelife Income Trust Announces the Launch of a Recurring Monthly... Ed Blaskey Joins Sterling National Bank as EVP Long Island Market... Farmers & Merchants Bancorp, Inc. Announces Listing on The NASDAQ... Radius Health, Inc. (Nasdaq: RDUS) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market... Facebook (FB) Earnings: Two Reasons To Like The Stock Even More View All Highest Rated Research Brokers before you trade Compare Online Brokers Want to trade FX? Visit our Forex Broker Center  Stocks Referenced NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mondi Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mondi Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brandywine Realty Trust (BDN) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Mondi Plc (MNDI) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Catchmark Timber Trust Inc (CTT) Plans $0.14 Quarterly Dividend Snyder's-Lance Inc (LNCE) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Shares Bought by Acadian Asset Management LLC Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Shares Sold by Profund Advisors LLC Acadian Asset Management LLC Acquires 115,762 Shares of California Resources Corp (CRC) Acadian Asset Management LLC Cuts Stake in Lee Enterprises, Incorporated (LEE) XL Group Ltd. (XL) Shares Bought by ProShare Advisors LLC Profund Advisors LLC Has $886,000 Position in Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) ProShare Advisors LLC Cuts Stake in BIO-TECHNE Corp (TECH) ProShare Advisors LLC Has $2.512 Million Stake in Kilroy Realty Corp (KRC) ProShare Advisors LLC Sells 190 Shares of Wyndham Worldwide Co. (WYN) Acadian Asset Management LLC Takes Position in NOW Inc (DNOW) ProShare Advisors LLC Purchases 8,789 Shares of L Brands Inc (LB) Profund Advisors LLC Has $882,000 Stake in New Jersey Resources Corp (NJR) Acadian Asset Management LLC Sells 157,619 Shares of Otter Tail Co. (OTTR) ProShare Advisors LLC Has $5.405 Million Stake in FedEx Co. (FDX) Somewhat Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Valero Energy Partners (VLP) Stock Price Mondi Plc (MNDI) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Mondi Plc (LON:MNDI) has been given an average recommendation of “Buy” by the nine analysts that are currently covering the stock. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and five have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1 year price objective among analysts that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is GBX 2,012.86 ($25.99). A number of brokerages have recently issued reports on MNDI. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 2,000 ($25.82) price objective on shares of Mondi Plc in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price objective on shares of Mondi Plc from GBX 1,900 ($24.53) to GBX 2,100 ($27.11) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Jefferies Group LLC boosted their price objective on shares of Mondi Plc from GBX 2,050 ($26.47) to GBX 2,200 ($28.41) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Mondi Plc to an “overweight” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from GBX 1,600 ($20.66) to GBX 2,070 ($26.73) in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG downgraded shares of Mondi Plc to a “neutral” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from GBX 2,025 ($26.15) to GBX 2,100 ($27.11) in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Mondi Plc (LON:MNDI) opened at 2016.00 on Monday. Mondi Plc has a 1-year low of GBX 1,240.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 2,053.00. The stock’s market cap is GBX 9.76 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 1,965.94 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 1,762.29. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 18th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 20th will be paid a dividend of €0.38 ($0.42) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.67%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 20th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/mondi-plc-mndi-given-average-recommendation-of-buy-by-analysts.html. About Mondi Plc Mondi plc is a United Kingdom-based packaging and paper company. The Company is engaged in managing forests and producing pulp, paper and compound plastics for industrial and consumer packaging. The Company and Mondi Limited, under a dual listed company (DLC) structure, operate together as a single economic entity. Receive News & Ratings for Mondi Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mondi Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video UPDATE 4-Southern European bonds lags as spotlight shifts to ECB after Mac... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Mon May 8, 2017 | 11:56am EDT UPDATE 4-Southern European bonds lags as spotlight shifts to ECB after Macron win * France-German bond yield spread hits 6-month low after vote * Investors wary Macron win could pave way for ECB to tighten * Italy underperforms on election, tapering concerns * Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr (Updates prices) By Abhinav Ramnarayan LONDON, May 8 Southern European government bonds underperformed in a volatile session on Monday as investors mulled the implications for monetary policy of centrist Emmanuel Macron's victory in the French presidential election. Macron became France's president on Sunday, a result hailed by European leaders as a vote for unity and a blow to political forces that had sought to build on last year's Brexit vote to tear apart the European Union. The gap between French and German 10-year borrowing costs dropped to 33 basis points at one stage, a six-month low. But an early rally in low-rated euro zone bond yields dissipated as concerns over what this might mean for the European Central Bank's ultra loose monetary policy stance came to the fore. "Investors will now go back to the basics of watching the underlying euro zone economic and inflation data and what implications it may have for monetary policy," said Iain Stealey, a fixed income portfolio manager for JP Morgan Asset Management, one of the biggest bond investors in the world. "The underlying GDP data is too strong for there to be 60 billion euros of (bond) purchases and though inflation numbers are below target, they are not low enough to justify a negative deposit rate," he said, referring to the ECB's bond-buying scheme. After the first round of the French election, sources on and close to the ECB Governing Council told Reuters many rate-setters saw scope for sending a small signal in June towards reducing monetary stimulus. Italy was the main underperformer on the day, partly because it has been one of the biggest beneficiaries of the ECB's bond-buying scheme which is weighted towards the size of each member state's economy. Italy's 10-year government bond yield rose as much as 7 basis points to 2.25 percent, while low-rated equivalents in Spain and Portugal were 2-3 basis higher. Yields on higher-rated government bonds such as benchmark German Bunds were flat or slightly lower on the day. Italy is due to hold an election by May 2018, which could coincide with ECB tapering, though, at the margins, investors say there is an outside chance of a snap election before the end of 2017. Italians are seen as more sceptical about the euro than the French, and the anti-euro 5-Star Movement leads many opinion polls ahead of the ruling Democratic Party. "Macron's win now means Italian issues won't be obscured by French shadows," said Rabobank strategist Richard McGuire. "And we have the potential twin evils of Italy going to the polls early next year and tapering to think about at the same time." Citi analysts forecast the Italy-German 10-year bond yield spread - currently at 180 bps - could go as high as 300 bps in the first quarter of 2018. (Reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan; Editing by Janet Lawrence and Mark Potter) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News UK Labour leader Corbyn: I won't quit if I lose election LONDON, May 9 Jeremy Corbyn, leader of Britain's opposition Labour Party which is currently languishing behind the ruling Conservatives in opinion polls, says he will not quit as leader if he loses a national election next month. UPDATE 1-Zalando reports solid growth helped by male shoppers * More than 20 mln active customers at end of Q1 (Adds details) RPT-GLOBAL-MARKETS-Asia stocks, dollar subdued after French relief, S.Korea vote eyed * Asia ex-Japan slips, Nikkei slightly lower in lacklustre market MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sony Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sony Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Valero Energy Partners (VLP) Stock Price Sappi Limited (SPP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Westamerica Bancorporation (WABC) Receives News Impact Score of 0.31 Skechers USA Inc (SKX) Raised to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Stag Industrial’s (STAG) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Cantor Fitzgerald Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact Verizon Communications (VZ) Stock Price New Senior Investment Group Inc (SNR) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Square Inc (SQ) PT Raised to $18.00 at Canaccord Genuity Synchrony Financial (SYF) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Valero Energy (VLO) Share Price Synchrony Financial (SYF) Cut to Neutral at Guggenheim Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Vitamin Shoppe (VSI) Stock Price Vectrus (VEC) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.37 Sony Corp (SNE) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Energizer Holdings Inc (ENR) Cut by KeyCorp Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Engility Holdings, Inc.’s Q1 2018 Earnings (EGL) Insider Selling: Ichor Holdings Ltd (ICHR) Insider Sells $1,237,340.75 in Stock Research Analysts Set Expectations for Sprint Corp’s Q2 2018 Earnings (S) Anadarko Petroleum Co. (APC) PT Raised to $86.00 at KLR Group Insperity Inc (NSP) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Sony Corp (SNE) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report published on Wednesday. The firm currently has $39.00 price objective on the stock. According to Zacks, “Sony reported fourth-quarter fiscal 2016 earnings per share of $0.19, which crushed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $0.07 by 171.4%. The bottom line benefited from decent top-line growth, as well as fall in selling, general & administrative and financial services expenses. During the reported quarter Sony witnessed significant rebound of its Semiconductor business, which proved conducive to operating income growth. Also, the company believes strong sales of PS4 and PS VR will continue to accelerate sales of Gaming Business. Encouragingly, year to date, Sony’s shares have outperformed the Zacks categorized Audio Video Home Product industry. However, on the flip side, high costs in relation to transfer of the battery business, stiff competition in multiple product lines and negative effect from foreign currency translations are likely to remain major headwinds.” Several other research analysts also recently commented on SNE. Jefferies Group LLC set a $42.00 price objective on shares of Sony Corp and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Saturday, March 11th. Sanford C. Bernstein began coverage on shares of Sony Corp in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. They set an outperform rating and a $41.00 price objective for the company. TheStreet upgraded shares of Sony Corp from a c+ rating to a b- rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a conviction-buy rating on shares of Sony Corp in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Sony Corp from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a research report on Friday, April 21st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Sony Corp currently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $39.15. Shares of Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE) opened at 34.78 on Wednesday. Sony Corp has a 52-week low of $23.62 and a 52-week high of $34.85. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $32.88 and its 200-day moving average price is $31.02. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Sony Corp (SNE) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/sony-corp-sne-lifted-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. FMR LLC increased its position in shares of Sony Corp by 22.1% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 5,160,964 shares of the company’s stock valued at $144,662,000 after buying an additional 934,392 shares during the period. Minneapolis Portfolio Management Group LLC increased its position in shares of Sony Corp by 0.5% in the first quarter. Minneapolis Portfolio Management Group LLC now owns 1,207,514 shares of the company’s stock valued at $40,729,000 after buying an additional 6,275 shares during the period. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC increased its position in shares of Sony Corp by 11.2% in the first quarter. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC now owns 668,320 shares of the company’s stock valued at $22,542,000 after buying an additional 67,237 shares during the period. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC increased its position in shares of Sony Corp by 199.2% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 642,554 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,339,000 after buying an additional 427,808 shares during the period. Finally, Aperio Group LLC increased its position in shares of Sony Corp by 1.1% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 633,580 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,041,000 after buying an additional 7,106 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 6.53% of the company’s stock. About Sony Corp Sony Corporation (Sony) is engaged in the development, design, manufacture and sale of various kinds of electronic equipment, instruments and devices for consumer, professional and industrial markets, as well as game consoles and software. The Company’s segments include Mobile Communications, Game & Network Services, Imaging Products & Solutions, Home Entertainment & Sound, Devices, Pictures, Music, Financial Services and All Other. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Sony Corp (SNE) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Sony Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sony Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Log In News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Skip to main content The Talk of the North 710 AM 98.1 FM Duluth, Minnesota Log In Menu News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Current Show The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM Upcoming Shows Next Show The Hugh Hewitt Show 5AM–7AM Neill Atkins 7AM–8AM "Sound Off" with Brad B... 8AM–11AM Current Weather (55811) 42° Search Our Site Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM News Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit Monday, May 08, 2017 6:38 a.m. CDT FILE PHOTO: A man walks past the head office of Standard Chartered bank in the City of London February 27, 2015. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh By Anjuli Davies and Andrew MacAskill LONDON (Reuters) - The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Last week Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London's growth as a financial center could "stall" as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS , and Citigroup have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union's single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Graphic: http://tmsnrt.rs/2qRZIxW Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. "It's full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning," said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. "There's no waiting." Although the moves would represent about 2 percent of London's finance jobs, Britain's tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The Institute for Fiscal Studies - a think tank focused on budget issues - said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population will have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit. The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favor opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. Deutsche Bank said on Apr. 26 up to 4,000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit - the largest potential move of any bank. JPMorgan last week announced plans to move hundreds of roles to three European cities in the next two years. This is still significantly lower than the 4,000 figure JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon first estimated before the vote. Estimates for possible finance-related job losses from Brexit are on a broad range from 4,000 to 232,000, according to separate reports by Oliver Wyman and Ernst & Young. Banks are treading carefully, enacting two-stage contingency plans, to avoid losing nervous London-based staff as they work out how many jobs will have to eventually move. This suggests that the numbers could potentially rise further depending on what deal is eventually negotiated between the EU and Britain. This first phase involves small numbers to make sure the requisite licenses, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next will depend on the longer term strategy of a bank's European business. The Bank of England has given finance companies until July 14 to set out their plans. One senior bank executive at a large British bank said forcing companies to make a plan makes it more likely that they will follow through. "It is an unintended consequence, but the more and more preparation you do the more likely you are to execute those plans," the executive said. HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said this week that the bank's previous estimate that around 1000 staff would move to Paris following Britain's vote to leave the EU, was based on a 'hard Brexit' scenario. Most banks are working on the assumption that this is the most likely outcome of the separation talks and would involve losing access to the single market with no special financial services deal and no transition period. (Editing by Anna Willard) Comments Top Stories Lake Superior Zoo Gets Donated X-Ray Equipment Monday, May 8 What If You Hook Your Finger Instead Of A Fish Monday, May 8 Another Mobile Home Fire On Friday Monday, May 8 I-35 Bridge Work Begins In Carlton County Monday, May 8 Area Tunnel Cleaning Is Underway Monday, May 8 News Sections Local State National World Local Sports Sports Politics Business Health Science Technology Entertainment Station Information © 2017 710 WDSM - WDSM The Talk of the North 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Listen 710 AM in Duluth, Minnesota 98.1 FM in Duluth, Minnesota Contact Studio Line 1: 218-722-7500 Text Us at 84454 Advertise With Us Job Opportunities Contact Us More Privacy Policy (PDF) Terms of Use (PDF) Contest Rules EEO
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Spirit Realty Capital Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Johnson Rice Upgrades Tailored Brands Inc (TLRD) to “Buy” Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Downgrades Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) to Neutral BNP Paribas Analysts Give Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) a €3.00 Price Target CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Price Target Raised to $63.00 Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) PT Raised to $2.80 Societe Generale Downgrades Molson Coors Brewing Co (TAP) to Hold USA Truck (USAK) Getting Very Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Leggett & Platt (LEG) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.69 NCI (NCIT) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.69 Estee Lauder Companies (EL) Receiving Very Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Zacks: Analysts Expect Abaxis Inc (ABAX) to Post $0.32 EPS Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Price Target Raised to $58.00 at Royal Bank of Canada FY2017 EPS Estimates for Beazer Homes USA, Inc. Decreased by Analyst (BZH) Gabelli Comments on Church & Dwight Co., Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (CHD) Insider Selling: Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) VP Sells $2,256,240.00 in Stock Carvana Co (CVNA) CEO Purchases $2,447,495.55 in Stock Insider Selling: Boeing Co (BA) SVP Sells $2,840,601.40 in Stock Rockwell Automation (ROK) Insider Sells $2,973,579.40 in Stock Michael Gavin Isaacs Sells 154,951 Shares of Scientific Games Corp (SGMS) Stock CDK Global Inc (CDK) Position Decreased by Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Downgrades Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) to Neutral May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (NYSE:SRC) was downgraded by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report issued on Thursday. Several other research analysts also recently weighed in on the company. TheStreet downgraded Spirit Realty Capital from a “b-” rating to a “c+” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Spirit Realty Capital from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Janney Montgomery Scott downgraded Spirit Realty Capital from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Spirit Realty Capital from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and dropped their price target for the stock from $13.00 to $9.00 in a research note on Thursday. Finally, FBR & Co started coverage on Spirit Realty Capital in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $13.00 price target for the company. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Spirit Realty Capital currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $12.64. Spirit Realty Capital (NYSE:SRC) opened at 7.51 on Thursday. Spirit Realty Capital has a 52-week low of $6.64 and a 52-week high of $13.97. The company’s 50-day moving average is $9.95 and its 200 day moving average is $10.66. Spirit Realty Capital also was the recipient of some unusual options trading activity on Friday. Stock traders bought 10,427 call options on the stock. This is an increase of approximately 1,937% compared to the average daily volume of 512 call options. Spirit Realty Capital (NYSE:SRC) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.20 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.22 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $163.19 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $169.84 million. Spirit Realty Capital had a net margin of 16.77% and a return on equity of 3.17%. On average, analysts forecast that Spirit Realty Capital will post $0.33 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 14th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st were given a dividend of $0.18 per share. This represents a $0.72 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 9.59%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, March 29th. Spirit Realty Capital’s payout ratio is 288.00%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/ladenburg-thalmann-financial-services-downgrades-spirit-realty-capital-inc-src-to-neutral.html. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of SRC. Toronto Dominion Bank purchased a new position in Spirit Realty Capital during the first quarter worth about $141,000. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its position in Spirit Realty Capital by 4.8% in the first quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 88,984 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $904,000 after buying an additional 4,078 shares during the last quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. purchased a new position in Spirit Realty Capital during the first quarter worth about $331,000. Karp Capital Management Corp purchased a new position in Spirit Realty Capital during the first quarter worth about $765,000. Finally, Lincoln National Corp increased its position in Spirit Realty Capital by 1.2% in the first quarter. Lincoln National Corp now owns 18,027 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $183,000 after buying an additional 218 shares during the last quarter. 96.54% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Spirit Realty Capital Spirit Realty Capital, Inc is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s operations are carried out through Spirit Realty, L.P. (the Operating Partnership). The Company invests in single-tenant, operationally essential real estate throughout the United States that is leased on a long-term, triple-net basis primarily to tenants engaged in retail, service and distribution industries. Receive News & Ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intesa Sanpaolo SpA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Johnson Rice Upgrades Tailored Brands Inc (TLRD) to “Buy” Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Downgrades Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) to Neutral BNP Paribas Analysts Give Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) a €3.00 Price Target CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Price Target Raised to $63.00 Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) PT Raised to $2.80 Societe Generale Downgrades Molson Coors Brewing Co (TAP) to Hold USA Truck (USAK) Getting Very Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Leggett & Platt (LEG) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.69 NCI (NCIT) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.69 Estee Lauder Companies (EL) Receiving Very Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Zacks: Analysts Expect Abaxis Inc (ABAX) to Post $0.32 EPS Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Price Target Raised to $58.00 at Royal Bank of Canada FY2017 EPS Estimates for Beazer Homes USA, Inc. Decreased by Analyst (BZH) Gabelli Comments on Church & Dwight Co., Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (CHD) Insider Selling: Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) VP Sells $2,256,240.00 in Stock Carvana Co (CVNA) CEO Purchases $2,447,495.55 in Stock Insider Selling: Boeing Co (BA) SVP Sells $2,840,601.40 in Stock Rockwell Automation (ROK) Insider Sells $2,973,579.40 in Stock Michael Gavin Isaacs Sells 154,951 Shares of Scientific Games Corp (SGMS) Stock CDK Global Inc (CDK) Position Decreased by Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. BNP Paribas Analysts Give Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) a €3.00 Price Target May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (BIT:ISP) received a €3.00 ($3.26) price objective from stock analysts at BNP Paribas in a research report issued on Monday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts also recently weighed in on ISP. Kepler Capital Markets set a €3.30 ($3.59) target price on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday. Societe Generale set a €2.90 ($3.15) target price on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday. Morgan Stanley set a €3.00 ($3.26) target price on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €2.50 ($2.72) target price on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Finally, Citigroup Inc set a €2.70 ($2.93) target price on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, February 6th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of €2.69 ($2.92). Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (BIT:ISP) opened at 2.846 on Monday. Intesa Sanpaolo SpA has a 52-week low of €1.52 and a 52-week high of €2.90. The firm has a 50-day moving average of €2.56 and a 200 day moving average of €2.33. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “BNP Paribas Analysts Give Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) a €3.00 Price Target” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/bnp-paribas-analysts-give-intesa-sanpaolo-spa-isp-a-3-00-price-target.html. Intesa Sanpaolo SpA Company Profile Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. is a banking company. The Company’s segments include Banca dei Territori, Corporate and Investment Banking, International Subsidiary Banks, Asset Management, Private Banking and Insurance. The Banca dei Territori division includes the Company’s traditional lending and deposit collecting activities. Receive News & Ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 66° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sunshine and some clouds. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 88F. Winds WSW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Mainly clear early, then a few clouds later on. Low near 65F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: May 9, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 2 The Associated Press FILE - This Wednesday, March 29, 2017, file photo shows a sign outside the Comcast Center in Philadelphia. Comcast Corp. is reporting first-quarter profit of $2.57 billion on Thursday, April 27, 2017. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File) The Associated Press This April 1, 2015, file photo, shows a Charter Communications van in St. Louis.  (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File) Comcast, Charter to work together to rival wireless carriers Associated Press 13 hrs ago (…) +1  This April 1, 2015, file photo, shows a Charter Communications van in St. Louis.  (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File) The Associated Press The Associated Press FILE - This Wednesday, March 29, 2017, file photo shows a sign outside the Comcast Center in Philadelphia. Comcast Corp. is reporting first-quarter profit of $2.57 billion on Thursday, April 27, 2017. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File) Updated at 11:45 a.m. NEW YORK • Comcast and Charter have agreed to cooperate on upcoming cellphone services as both cable companies face growing threats from national wireless carriers such as AT&T and Verizon. The cable companies said that while they'll offer wireless services separately to customers, they will work together on behind-the-scenes matters like customer billing and device-ordering systems. They said the agreement will save money and help them compete with the national providers. As part of the deal, announced Monday, Comcast and Charter agreed that they wouldn't buy other wireless companies for one year, or make related deals without consulting each other first. It also includes restrictions on any transaction that would give another company a majority ownership or voting power in either Comcast or Charter. The deal comes amid speculation of impending consolidation in the wireless industry and has the effect of letting both companies develop wireless services to compete with existing wireless carriers without having to worry about also competing with each other. For the most part, Comcast and Charter aren't direct competitors, as their service territories don't overlap. The bigger threat comes from the likes of Verizon and AT&T, which are able to offer TV, internet and home phone services, along with wireless. To compete, Philadelphia-based Comcast expects to launch its own wireless plan , Xfinity Mobile, in the next several weeks. Charter, based in Stamford, Connecticut, expects to introduce its unnamed service next year. Both wireless services will lease Verizon's network. To reduce costs, Comcast and Charter will need to try to encourage customers to use Wi-Fi hotspots rather than cellular whenever possible. By working together, the two companies can explore way to let customers use each other's hotspots when they travel. Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Analysts at MoffettNathanson said in a research note that the Verizon lease lets each company market wireless service only in its cable service territory. But if either Comcast or Charter were to buy a wireless carrier, such as T-Mobile or Sprint, it would suddenly be able to sell service nationwide, including in the other cable company's region. The deal won't prohibit the companies from making a joint bid for a wireless carrier. "Neither company wants a future where they are adjacent in wireline but overlapping and competing in wireless," the research note said. "Either company acquiring T-Mobile or Sprint would have been an untenable situation." Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. +1  This April 1, 2015, file photo, shows a Charter Communications van in St. Louis.  (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File) The Associated Press Tags Wireless Commerce Economics Comcast Company View (…) comments Most popular If you have a minor health problem, don't expect Anthem to pay for your ER visit Schnucks names Peacock new president and chief operating officer Camping World CEO says Gander Mountain made a bad bet on guns Family booted from Delta flight and threatened with jail after refusing to give up toddler's seat Limited-access club planned for Southwest terminal Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Law firm says elevated levels of radioactivity found in four more Bridgeton homes Sinclair Broadcast to buy Tribune Media for about $3.9 billion A slide in egg sales pulls Post Holdings' second-quarter revenue lower Camping World CEO releases list of Gander Mountains that will remain open Target testing a restocking program for household essentials Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Give a shout out to your graduate in a full-color section of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and online at STLtoday.com. Subscribe today Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Royal Dutch Shell Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Dutch Shell Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Ducommun Incorporated (DCO) Issued By B. Riley Tenneco Inc (TEN) Price Target Raised to $71.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Continental Resources, Inc. Forecasted to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $0.62 Per Share (CLR) ResMed Inc. (RMD) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.33 on June 15th Gartner Inc (IT) Receives “Buy” Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Cut to “Neutral” at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Brokers Issue Forecasts for Callaway Golf Co’s FY2017 Earnings (ELY) Insider Selling: Bloomin' Brands Inc (BLMN) Chairman Sells $5,997,750.00 in Stock Pacific Crest Initiates Coverage on Okta Inc (OKTA) Moody's Co.’s (MCO) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Cantor Fitzgerald Territorial Bancorp Inc (TBNK) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 9th Insider Buying: Tungsten Corp PLC (TUNG) Insider Acquires £84,000 in Stock Melco Intl Dev (MDEVF) Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Hold Rating for Jabil Circuit, Inc. (JBL) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Greif, Inc. (GEF) to Sell Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Overweight” Rating for Petra Diamonds Limited (PDL) Ladbrokes Coral Group PLC (LAD) Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital WisdomTree Investments (WETF) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports WEC Energy Group (WEC) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Royal Dutch Shell Plc (LON:RDSB) has received an average rating of “Buy” from the eighteen ratings firms that are presently covering the stock. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, two have issued a hold recommendation and fifteen have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1-year price objective among analysts that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is GBX 2,473.61 ($31.94). RDSB has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Deutsche Bank AG set a GBX 2,450 ($31.63) price objective on Royal Dutch Shell Plc and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a GBX 2,600 ($33.57) price objective on Royal Dutch Shell Plc and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. Jefferies Group LLC set a GBX 2,700 ($34.86) price objective on Royal Dutch Shell Plc and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc boosted their target price on Royal Dutch Shell Plc from GBX 2,371 ($30.61) to GBX 2,460 ($31.76) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 2,650 ($34.22) target price on shares of Royal Dutch Shell Plc in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Royal Dutch Shell Plc (LON:RDSB) opened at 2134.50 on Monday. Royal Dutch Shell Plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,646.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 2,403.68. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 2,159.60 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 2,205.77. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 26th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be paid a $0.47 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 18th. This represents a yield of 1.77%. WARNING: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/royal-dutch-shell-plc-rdsb-receives-consensus-rating-of-buy-from-analysts.html. Royal Dutch Shell Plc Company Profile The Royal Dutch Shell plc explores for crude oil and natural gas around the world, both in conventional fields and from sources, such as tight rock, shale and coal formations. The Company’s segments include Integrated Gas, Upstream, Downstream and Corporate. The Integrated Gas segment is engaged in the liquefaction and transportation of gas and the conversion of natural gas to liquids to provide fuels and other products, as well as projects with an integrated activity, ranging from producing to commercializing gas. Receive News & Ratings for Royal Dutch Shell Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Dutch Shell Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Shares Of DCC PLC (LON:DCC) Rated As Buy By Analysts At Jefferies International Jefferies International Indicates Potential 13.64% Increase In Shares Of Northgate PLC Paragon Group of Companies (The) PLC reiterated as Buy By Jefferies International Analysts At Jefferies International Reiterated Unilever PLC (LON:ULVR) As Buy Analysts At Jefferies International Reiterated Kingfisher PLC (LON:KGF) As Hold Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Published On: Mon, May 8th, 2017 Analysts Price Targets | By Brian Radcliffe Should You Sell MetLife, Inc. Based On Current Broker Views? Recently stock market analysts have updated their consensus ratings on shares of MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET). The latest broker reports which have been released state 4 analysts have a rating of “buy”, 6 analysts “outperform”, 7 analysts “hold”, 0 analysts “underperform” and 1 analysts “sell”. Most recent broker ratings 04/03/2017 – MetLife, Inc. had its “overweight” rating reiterated by analysts at JP Morgan. They now have a USD 54 price target on the stock. 03/06/2017 – MetLife, Inc. was downgraded to “neutral” by analysts at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 02/21/2017 – MetLife, Inc. had its “sell” rating reiterated by analysts at Citigroup. They now have a USD 51 price target on the stock. 02/02/2017 – MetLife, Inc. had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Deutsche Bank. They now have a USD 65 price target on the stock. 12/19/2016 – MetLife, Inc. had its “neutral” rating reiterated by analysts at UBS. They now have a USD 57 price target on the stock. 12/09/2016 – MetLife, Inc. was downgraded to “hold” by analysts at Standpoint Research. 11/28/2016 – MetLife, Inc. was downgraded to “market perform” by analysts at FBR Capital Markets. They now have a USD 54 price target on the stock. 10/07/2016 – MetLife, Inc. had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Argus. They now have a USD 54 price target on the stock. 10/07/2016 – Credit Suisse began new coverage on MetLife, Inc. giving the company a “neutral” rating. They now have a USD 51 price target on the stock. 09/22/2016 – Wells Fargo began new coverage on MetLife, Inc. giving the company a “outperform” rating. 07/06/2016 – Evercore ISI began new coverage on MetLife, Inc. giving the company a “buy” rating. They now have a USD 52 price target on the stock. 06/27/2016 – MetLife, Inc. was upgraded to “buy” by analysts at Sandler O’Neill. 05/05/2016 – MetLife, Inc. had its “outperform” rating reiterated by analysts at RBC Capital. They now have a USD 62 price target on the stock. 02/08/2016 – MetLife, Inc. had its “strong buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Raymond James. They now have a USD 55 price target on the stock. 02/04/2016 – MetLife, Inc. had its “overweight” rating reiterated by analysts at Barclays. They now have a USD 53 price target on the stock. MetLife, Inc. has a 50 day moving average of 52.17 and a 200 day moving average of 52.87. It has a 52-week low of 36.17 and a 52-week high of 58.09. The share price of the company (NYSE:MET) was down -0.06%, with a high of 52.96 during the day and the volume of MetLife, Inc. shares traded was 4753812. MetLife, Inc. is a provider of life insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. The Company’s segments include U.S.; Asia; Latin America; Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA); MetLife Holdings; Brighthouse Financial, and Corporate & Other. Its U.S. segment is organized into Group Benefits, Retirement and Income Solutions and Property & Casualty businesses. Its Asia segment offers products, including life insurance; accident and health insurance, and retirement and savings products. Latin America offers products, including life insurance, and retirement and savings products. Life insurance includes universal, variable and term life products. EMEA offers products, including life insurance, accident and health insurance, retirement and savings products, and credit insurance. The Brighthouse Financial segment offers products and services, including variable, fixed, index-linked and income annuities, as well as variable, universal, term and whole life products. More from Reuters » Receive MetLife, Inc. News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MetLife, Inc. with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Related News Shares Of DCC PLC (LON:DCC) Rated As Buy By Analysts At Jefferies International Jefferies International Indicates Potential 13.64% Increase In Shares Of Northgate PLC Paragon Group of Companies (The) PLC reiterated as Buy By Jefferies International Analysts At Jefferies International Reiterated Unilever PLC (LON:ULVR) As Buy Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with MarketBeat's FREE daily email newsletter: Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Meet The Team | Terms & Conditions | About Us | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Smartphones Latest iPhone 8 rumours claim free AirPods included in the box Is Apple really about to include £159 AirPods for free with the new iPhone? By Alistair Charlton Updated May 8, 2017 13:02 BST iPhone 8 Plus render shows what the new handset might look likeConceptsiPhone YouTube The latest round of iPhone 8 rumours claim Apple's next smartphone will come with a free pair of wireless AirPod earphones. Predictions of the surprise move come from an analyst report by JP Morgan, which claims the £159 (€188, $206) earphones will come included in the box, replacing the £29 EarPods currently bundled with all iPhones. JP Morgan also believes the iPhone 8 will have an OLED screen which stretches horizontally from edge to edge (when held in portrait). The screen will reportedly measure 5.85in diagonally, yet the phone itself will be slightly smaller than the 5.5in iPhone 7 Plus. According to JP Morgan's analysis, published by 9to5Mac, the new phone will have a dual-lens rear camera like that of the iPhone 7 Plus, improved waterproofing over the current model, and enhanced speakers. Fitting a larger screen to a smaller phone means Apple will look to relocate the Touch ID fingerprint scanner to the rear panel, the report claims, mimicking other iPhone 8 rumours we have seen recently. It has been claimed elsewhere that Apple is hoping to embed a fingerprint reader into the display, but failing this it will likely be fitted to the back, like on the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Google Pixel. Drawing by analysts at JP Morgan show what the iPhone 8 could look likeJP Morgan A set of schematic drawings published by analysts at CLSA, an investment bank, also subscribe to this way of thinking. Although lacking detail, they appear to claim Apple will fit the TouchID sensor half-way up the rear of the handset, just below where the Apple logo sits on today's iPhones. Speaking of the current lineup, JP Morgan believes Apple will replace the current handsets with an iPhone 7S and 7S Plus duo. These, the bank claims, will ditch the current phones' aluminium back in favour of glass and boast wireless charging. Apple is expected to announce three new iPhones at a media event later this year. New handsets are normally revealed in mid-September and go on sale 10 days later, but manufacturing delays with the iPhone 8 could see the release date slip closer to Christmas. More iPhone 8 news from IBTimes UK Tim Cook blames escalating iPhone 8 leaks for fall in iPhone sales iPhone 8 rumour roundup: Curved screen, two front cameras - and a potential delay Is this the iPhone 8? Leaked design drawings reportedly show new Apple handset Related topics : Apple Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: The best smartphone ever made? Columnists Harry Leslie Smith “VE Day: My generation voted Labour after the war – it's time to rebuild Britain once again READ MORE 'Guilt by volume': Macron leaks fail to shock experts, but can it influence the election? Cybersecurity experts dismiss 9GB Macron leak as a mix of 'boringest'... 'Shameful' social media firms slammed for not tackling hate crime postings Google, Twitter and Facebook may face prosecution for failing to... Samsung Galaxy S8 review: More than just a pretty face We review the smartphone of the moment to find out if it can overcome... Trump's typo in tweet corrected by Merriam-Webster: It's counsel and not council The US president's tweet was in relation to a Senate testimony by... FCC site hit with DDoS attack after John Oliver slams net neutrality reversal plan The FCC website was reportedly shut down due to high volume of... All eyes on Ferdinand Monoyer as Google Doodle commemorates the vision expert The Lyon ophthalmologist changed the way eyesight is tested. China's WeChat app banned in Russia amid crackdown on messaging services Tencent spokesperson: 'We're experiencing a block and we're deeply... Amazon Echo killer? Cortana-powered Invoke smart speaker from Harman Kardon revealed Microsoft hopes late arrival and US-only availability won't be an... Internet vs booze: Brits reveal they would rather give up alcohol than go offline What would you sacrifice in order to stay connected? Guardian Soulmates dating site users hit with 'sexually explicit' emails The data exposure has been blamed on a third-party technology... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RIMES Technologies Boosts Senior Team with Two New Appointments NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–RIMES Technologies, the leading provider of managed data services for the buy-side, has today announced it has hired Diarmuid O’Donovan as its new Chief Operating Officer. Mitesh Modi, RIMES’ former COO, takes up the position of Chief Financial Officer. Mr. O’Donovan has spent his entire career within the securities services and asset management industry, and joins RIMES from Legal & General Investment Management (LGIM), where in his role as Chief Data Officer he was responsible for delivering an enterprise-wide information management capability. Prior to working at LGIM, Mr. O’Donovan was Global Head of Data at UBS Asset Management where he was a senior member of the middle and back office management team responsible for pricing, benchmarks, corporate actions and data management. He also held several senior roles during a 10-year career at JPMorgan. Christian Fauvelais, CEO of RIMES, commented: “Diarmuid’s extensive experience of data-focused operations management makes him the perfect choice to be our new COO. Diarmuid brings with him unrivalled knowledge of buy-side data management, gained in his experience working for some of the largest brands in the industry. This knowledge and expertise will provide invaluable support in ensuring RIMES remains the buy-side’s leading managed data services provider”. “RIMES’ approach to data management is unrivalled in the industry’, said Diarmuid O’Donovan. “It’s a truly exciting company with a lot to offer to the buy-side. I look forward to helping the company build on its success and deliver the highest levels of service and support to our clients”. With Mr. O’Donovan taking up the role of COO, Mitesh Modi moves to the position of CFO. Mr. Modi had been COO as RIMES since 2010. Prior to that, he held the position of COO and CFO at NewFinance Capital Asset Management. Mr. Modi has also held senior positions at Morgan Stanley and Merrill Lynch. He is a Chartered Accountant (UK) and holds a Bachelor of Economics and Accountancy degree from City University London. “Mitesh’s deep knowledge of RIMES’ business as well as his financial acumen make him highly qualified to take on the CFO role“, said Christian Fauvelais. “Drawing on his extensive business experience Mitesh will be instrumental in helping us chart a course to success in what is a very complex and fast-moving industry. I am eager to work with Diarmuid, Mitesh and rest of the RIMES executive team to continue to scale our highly innovative business for long term operational and financial success” Mr. Modi commented: “RIMES has built an exceptionally strong platform for growth, and its market proposition is unrivalled. While today’s markets are more volatile than ever, there are also huge opportunities for forward-thinking and agile companies like RIMES. I relish this chance to help RIMES achieve further growth and exploit fully the market opportunities on offer.’ #ends# About RIMES RIMES is a buy-side specialist that truly understands the data management and compliance challenges faced by its clients. It serves over 300 asset managers, owners and servicers in 40 countries including 60 of the 100 largest global asset managers and 9 of the 10 largest custodians by TAUM. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Document Outsource Market Development Status and Industry Outlook published by Orbis research Next PostNext Meketa Investment Group Announces Consultant Hire Search Recent Posts Global Ground Bond Safety Tester Market Forecast 2017-2022- Fluke, HIOKI, Seaward, Sefelec, Bender, Metrel Global Greenhouse Equipments Market Forecast 2017-2022- FarmTek, Rough Brothers Inc, GGS, IGC, NGMA Global Faucet Water Purifier Market 2017 – DuPont,Pentair ,InstaPure Global Guitar Amplifier Market Forecast 2017-2022- Blackstar, Fender, Marshall, Fishman, Ampeg Remarks by World Bank Group Senior Vice President Mahmoud Mohieldin: “The importance of well-managed urban development for combating poverty and increasing job creation” RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance United States Steel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for United States Steel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Yelp Inc (YELP) Lifted to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) PT Raised to $170.00 World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. (WWE) Stock Rating Upgraded by TheStreet W&T Offshore, Inc. (WTI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research 58.com Inc (WUBA) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Weight Watchers International, Inc. (WTW) to Hold Extraction Oil & Gas Inc (XOG) Cut to “Market Perform” at Wells Fargo & Co Barclays PLC Lowers United States Steel Co. (X) Price Target to $24.00 United States Steel Co. (X) PT Lowered to $29.00 at Jefferies Group LLC FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Altus Group Ltd Issued By Cormark (AIF) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Allied Properties Real Estate Investment Decreased by Analyst (AP) Analysts Offer Predictions for KP Tissue Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (KPT) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Altus Group Ltd Boosted by National Bank Financial (AIF) Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Vertex Energy Inc (VTNR) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Trasmissione Elettricita Rete Nazionale Spa TERNA (TEZNY) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) PT Raised to $54.00 SkyWest, Inc. (SKYW) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Redwood Trust, Inc. (RWT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold eBay Inc (EBAY) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC United States Steel Co. (X) PT Lowered to $29.00 at Jefferies Group LLC May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet United States Steel Co. (NYSE:X) had its price target reduced by Jefferies Group LLC from $50.00 to $29.00 in a report released on Wednesday morning. Jefferies Group LLC currently has a buy rating on the basic materials company’s stock. A number of other analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. Vetr upgraded shares of United States Steel from a buy rating to a strong-buy rating and set a $38.76 price objective for the company in a report on Monday, March 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an overweight rating and set a $46.00 price objective (up previously from $39.00) on shares of United States Steel in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Deutsche Bank AG raised their price objective on shares of United States Steel from $40.00 to $45.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Credit Suisse Group AG downgraded shares of United States Steel from an outperform rating to a neutral rating and raised their price objective for the stock from $24.00 to $30.00 in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of United States Steel from a neutral rating to a buy rating and set a $40.00 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $31.24. United States Steel (NYSE:X) opened at 21.44 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $30.41 and a 200-day moving average of $31.61. United States Steel has a 12 month low of $12.77 and a 12 month high of $41.83. United States Steel (NYSE:X) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The basic materials company reported ($0.83) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.35 by $1.18. United States Steel had a negative return on equity of 11.36% and a negative net margin of 4.29%. The company had revenue of $2.73 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.91 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted ($2.15) EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 16.4% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that United States Steel will post $1.55 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/united-states-steel-co-x-pt-lowered-to-29-00-at-jefferies-group-llc.html. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 9th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, May 10th will be given a $0.05 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, May 8th. This represents a $0.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.93%. United States Steel’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently -6.83%. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. TLP Group LLC purchased a new position in United States Steel during the third quarter worth approximately $186,000. Tyers Asset Management LLC purchased a new position in United States Steel during the fourth quarter worth approximately $196,000. LS Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in United States Steel by 24.2% in the third quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 10,911 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $206,000 after buying an additional 2,124 shares during the period. Acrospire Investment Management LLC raised its position in United States Steel by 241.1% in the first quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 6,212 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $210,000 after buying an additional 4,391 shares during the period. Finally, Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank raised its position in United States Steel by 21.4% in the first quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 6,301 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $213,000 after buying an additional 1,112 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 77.18% of the company’s stock. United States Steel Company Profile United States Steel Corporation is an integrated steel producer. The Company is engaged in producing flat-rolled and tubular products with production operations in North America and Europe. The Company operates through three segments: Flat-Rolled Products (Flat-Rolled), U. S. Steel Europe (USSE) and Tubular Products (Tubular). Receive News & Ratings for United States Steel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for United States Steel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance United States Steel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for United States Steel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Yelp Inc (YELP) Lifted to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) PT Raised to $170.00 World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. (WWE) Stock Rating Upgraded by TheStreet W&T Offshore, Inc. (WTI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research 58.com Inc (WUBA) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Weight Watchers International, Inc. (WTW) to Hold Extraction Oil & Gas Inc (XOG) Cut to “Market Perform” at Wells Fargo & Co Barclays PLC Lowers United States Steel Co. (X) Price Target to $24.00 United States Steel Co. (X) PT Lowered to $29.00 at Jefferies Group LLC FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Altus Group Ltd Issued By Cormark (AIF) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Allied Properties Real Estate Investment Decreased by Analyst (AP) Analysts Offer Predictions for KP Tissue Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (KPT) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Altus Group Ltd Boosted by National Bank Financial (AIF) Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Vertex Energy Inc (VTNR) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Trasmissione Elettricita Rete Nazionale Spa TERNA (TEZNY) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) PT Raised to $54.00 SkyWest, Inc. (SKYW) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Redwood Trust, Inc. (RWT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold eBay Inc (EBAY) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Barclays PLC Lowers United States Steel Co. (X) Price Target to $24.00 May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet United States Steel Co. (NYSE:X) had its target price lowered by equities researchers at Barclays PLC from $34.00 to $24.00 in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. The brokerage presently has an “equal weight” rating on the basic materials company’s stock. Barclays PLC’s target price points to a potential upside of 11.68% from the stock’s previous close. Other equities analysts have also recently issued reports about the stock. Morgan Stanley reissued a “buy” rating and set a $34.00 price target (down from $48.00) on shares of United States Steel in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Jefferies Group LLC dropped their price objective on shares of United States Steel from $50.00 to $29.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Vetr upgraded shares of United States Steel from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $36.38 price objective on the stock in a report on Monday, March 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating and set a $46.00 price objective on shares of United States Steel in a report on Monday, May 1st. Finally, Axiom Securities restated a “sell” rating on shares of United States Steel in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. United States Steel currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $31.24. United States Steel (NYSE:X) opened at 21.44 on Thursday. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $30.41 and a 200 day moving average price of $31.61. United States Steel has a 12-month low of $12.77 and a 12-month high of $41.83. United States Steel (NYSE:X) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The basic materials company reported ($0.83) earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.35 by $1.18. The firm had revenue of $2.73 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.91 billion. United States Steel had a negative return on equity of 11.36% and a negative net margin of 4.29%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 16.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned ($2.15) earnings per share. Analysts predict that United States Steel will post $1.55 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 9th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, May 10th will be paid a $0.05 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, May 8th. This represents a $0.20 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.93%. United States Steel’s payout ratio is currently -6.83%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/barclays-plc-lowers-united-states-steel-co-x-price-target-to-24-00.html. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of United States Steel by 19.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 6,193,405 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $116,808,000 after buying an additional 1,025,132 shares during the period. Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its position in shares of United States Steel by 68.8% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 5,655,000 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $186,672,000 after buying an additional 2,305,300 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its position in shares of United States Steel by 3.6% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 4,710,071 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $155,500,000 after buying an additional 161,647 shares during the period. United States Steel & Carnegie Pension Fund purchased a new position in shares of United States Steel during the third quarter worth approximately $70,982,000. Finally, Gallagher Fiduciary Advisors LLC purchased a new position in shares of United States Steel during the fourth quarter worth approximately $124,238,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 77.18% of the company’s stock. About United States Steel United States Steel Corporation is an integrated steel producer. The Company is engaged in producing flat-rolled and tubular products with production operations in North America and Europe. The Company operates through three segments: Flat-Rolled Products (Flat-Rolled), U. S. Steel Europe (USSE) and Tubular Products (Tubular). Receive News & Ratings for United States Steel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for United States Steel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intertek Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intertek Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital Gresham Technologies PLC (GHT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by N+1 Singer International Personal Finance Plc’s (IPF) Buy Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd ITV plc’s (ITV) Buy Rating Reiterated at Liberum Capital Intertek Group plc (ITRK) Price Target Raised to GBX 3,820 Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Hold Rating for ITV plc (ITV) CNO Financial Group Inc (CNO) Position Boosted by Capstone Asset Management Co. Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Stake Decreased by Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Fortinet Inc (FTNT) Shares Sold by Bank of Montreal Can Verus Financial Partners Inc. Has $3.89 Million Position in Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $503,000 Position in Cirrus Logic, Inc. (CRUS) Adirondack Trust Co. Increases Position in Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Yelp Inc (YELP) Lifted to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) PT Raised to $170.00 World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. (WWE) Stock Rating Upgraded by TheStreet W&T Offshore, Inc. (WTI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research 58.com Inc (WUBA) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Weight Watchers International, Inc. (WTW) to Hold Extraction Oil & Gas Inc (XOG) Cut to “Market Perform” at Wells Fargo & Co Barclays PLC Lowers United States Steel Co. (X) Price Target to $24.00 Intertek Group plc (ITRK) Price Target Raised to GBX 3,820 May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Intertek Group plc (LON:ITRK) had its price objective upped by Morgan Stanley from GBX 3,680 ($47.51) to GBX 3,820 ($49.32) in a research note released on Wednesday morning. The firm currently has an equal weight rating on the stock. A number of other brokerages have also issued reports on ITRK. HSBC Holdings plc reiterated a hold rating and set a GBX 3,520 ($45.45) price target on shares of Intertek Group plc in a research report on Monday, April 10th. BNP Paribas reiterated a neutral rating and set a GBX 3,850 ($49.71) price target on shares of Intertek Group plc in a research report on Monday, March 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price target on Intertek Group plc from GBX 3,861 ($49.85) to GBX 4,329 ($55.89) and gave the stock an overweight rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. Numis Securities Ltd boosted their price target on Intertek Group plc from GBX 3,000 ($38.73) to GBX 3,500 ($45.19) and gave the stock a hold rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG upgraded Intertek Group plc to a buy rating and boosted their price target for the stock from GBX 3,300 ($42.61) to GBX 4,150 ($53.58) in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 3,716.19 ($47.98). Shares of Intertek Group plc (LON:ITRK) opened at 4158.00 on Wednesday. Intertek Group plc has a 1-year low of GBX 3,037.39 and a 1-year high of GBX 4,200.00. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 3,994.66 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 3,564.25. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Intertek Group plc (ITRK) Price Target Raised to GBX 3,820” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/intertek-group-plc-itrk-price-target-raised-to-gbx-3820.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be paid a GBX 43 ($0.56) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 1.14%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 18th. This is an increase from Intertek Group plc’s previous dividend of $19.40. Intertek Group plc Company Profile Intertek Group PLC is a United Kingdom-based company, which offers quality assurance services. The Company’s segments include Products, Trade and Resources. The Products-related division consists of business lines that are focused on ensuring the quality and safety of physical components and products, as well minimizing risk through assessing the operating process and quality management systems of its customers. Receive News & Ratings for Intertek Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intertek Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance International Personal Finance Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Personal Finance Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital Gresham Technologies PLC (GHT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by N+1 Singer International Personal Finance Plc’s (IPF) Buy Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd ITV plc’s (ITV) Buy Rating Reiterated at Liberum Capital Intertek Group plc (ITRK) Price Target Raised to GBX 3,820 Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Hold Rating for ITV plc (ITV) CNO Financial Group Inc (CNO) Position Boosted by Capstone Asset Management Co. Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Stake Decreased by Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Fortinet Inc (FTNT) Shares Sold by Bank of Montreal Can Verus Financial Partners Inc. Has $3.89 Million Position in Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $503,000 Position in Cirrus Logic, Inc. (CRUS) Adirondack Trust Co. Increases Position in Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Yelp Inc (YELP) Lifted to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) PT Raised to $170.00 World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. (WWE) Stock Rating Upgraded by TheStreet W&T Offshore, Inc. (WTI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research 58.com Inc (WUBA) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Weight Watchers International, Inc. (WTW) to Hold Extraction Oil & Gas Inc (XOG) Cut to “Market Perform” at Wells Fargo & Co Barclays PLC Lowers United States Steel Co. (X) Price Target to $24.00 International Personal Finance Plc’s (IPF) Buy Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Numis Securities Ltd reissued their buy rating on shares of International Personal Finance Plc (LON:IPF) in a research report released on Wednesday. They currently have a GBX 238 ($3.07) target price on the stock. Other equities analysts also recently issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their price objective on International Personal Finance Plc from GBX 180 ($2.32) to GBX 155 ($2.00) and set an underweight rating on the stock in a report on Friday, March 17th. Shore Capital restated an under review rating on shares of International Personal Finance Plc in a report on Friday, January 6th. Liberum Capital restated an under review rating on shares of International Personal Finance Plc in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Peel Hunt restated an under review rating on shares of International Personal Finance Plc in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Citigroup Inc restated a buy rating and issued a GBX 300 ($3.87) price objective on shares of International Personal Finance Plc in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 255.67 ($3.30). Shares of International Personal Finance Plc (LON:IPF) opened at 167.18 on Wednesday. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 164.66 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 202.36. International Personal Finance Plc has a one year low of GBX 141.43 and a one year high of GBX 344.60. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/international-personal-finance-plcs-ipf-buy-rating-reiterated-at-numis-securities-ltd.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 13th will be issued a GBX 7.80 ($0.10) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 4.81%. This is an increase from International Personal Finance Plc’s previous dividend of $4.60. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 13th. In other news, insider Justin Lockwood sold 7,545 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 163 ($2.10), for a total value of £12,298.35 ($15,879.08). International Personal Finance Plc Company Profile International Personal Finance plc is a United Kingdom-based holding company. The Company offers unsecured consumer finance products, channels and brands. Its segments include home credit and digital. Under home credit segment, the company offers home credit cash loans; money transfer loans; home, medical and life insurances; micro-business loans, and provident-branded digital loan products. Receive News & Ratings for International Personal Finance Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Personal Finance Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
DAX ®12.694,55-0,18%TecDAX ®2.134,54+0,24%S&P FUTURE2.395,00-0,13%Nasdaq 100 Future5.656,25+0,01% Anmelden oder kostenlos registrieren Benutzername: Passwort: Angemeldet bleiben: Passwort vergessen? Wertpapiere & Kurse News & Analysen Geld & Vorsorge Mein finanztreff Brokervergleich Überblick Suche Topthemen Finanzmarkt Termine Analysen Marktkommentare Panorama Videos Specials Börsenbriefe Überblick Marktberichte Überblick Aktien & Indizes Devisen Anleihen Rohstoffe Länder & Regionen Wirtschaftsnachrichten Überblick Wirtschaft & Politik Zentralbanken Branchen Überblick Automotive Banken Chemieindustrie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleister Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherer Weitere Branchen... Unternehmen Deutschland Europa (EU) USA & Amerika Asien Sonstige EQS-Unternehmenscenter News zu ... Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs IPO (Börsengänge) Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Startseite > News & Analysen > Finanzmarkt BUSINESS WIRE: RIMES Technologies Boosts Senior Team with Two New Appointments 08.05.2017 - 12:34 | Quelle: Business_Wire MITTEILUNG UEBERMITTELT VON BUSINESS WIRE. FUER DEN INHALT IST ALLEIN DAS BERICHTENDE UNTERNEHMEN VERANTWORTLICH. NEW YORK --(BUSINESS WIRE)-- 08.05.2017 -- RIMES Technologies, the leading provider of managed data services for the buy-side, has today announced it has hired Diarmuid O’Donovan as its new Chief Operating Officer. Mitesh Modi, RIMES’ former COO, takes up the position of Chief Financial Officer. Mr. O’Donovan has spent his entire career within the securities services and asset management industry, and joins RIMES from Legal & General Investment Management (LGIM), where in his role as Chief Data Officer he was responsible for delivering an enterprise-wide information management capability. Prior to working at LGIM, Mr. O’Donovan was Global Head of Data at UBS Asset Management where he was a senior member of the middle and back office management team responsible for pricing, benchmarks, corporate actions and data management. He also held several senior roles during a 10-year career at JPMorgan. Christian Fauvelais, CEO of RIMES, commented: “Diarmuid’s extensive experience of data-focused operations management makes him the perfect choice to be our new COO. Diarmuid brings with him unrivalled knowledge of buy-side data management, gained in his experience working for some of the largest brands in the industry. This knowledge and expertise will provide invaluable support in ensuring RIMES remains the buy-side’s leading managed data services provider”. “RIMES’ approach to data management is unrivalled in the industry’, said Diarmuid O’Donovan. “It’s a truly exciting company with a lot to offer to the buy-side. I look forward to helping the company build on its success and deliver the highest levels of service and support to our clients”. With Mr. O’Donovan taking up the role of COO, Mitesh Modi moves to the position of CFO. Mr. Modi had been COO as RIMES since 2010. Prior to that, he held the position of COO and CFO at NewFinance Capital Asset Management. Mr. Modi has also held senior positions at Morgan Stanley and Merrill Lynch. He is a Chartered Accountant (UK) and holds a Bachelor of Economics and Accountancy degree from City University London. “Mitesh’s deep knowledge of RIMES’ business as well as his financial acumen make him highly qualified to take on the CFO role“, said Christian Fauvelais. “Drawing on his extensive business experience Mitesh will be instrumental in helping us chart a course to success in what is a very complex and fast-moving industry. I am eager to work with Diarmuid, Mitesh and rest of the RIMES executive team to continue to scale our highly innovative business for long term operational and financial success” Mr. Modi commented: “RIMES has built an exceptionally strong platform for growth, and its market proposition is unrivalled. While today’s markets are more volatile than ever, there are also huge opportunities for forward-thinking and agile companies like RIMES. I relish this chance to help RIMES achieve further growth and exploit fully the market opportunities on offer.’ #ends# About RIMES RIMES is a buy-side specialist that truly understands the data management and compliance challenges faced by its clients. It serves over 300 asset managers, owners and servicers in 40 countries including 60 of the 100 largest global asset managers and 9 of the 10 largest custodians by TAUM. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170508005575/en/ RIMES Technologies Al Ferrari marketing@rimes.com 02031707303 Meistgelesen Datum Meldung 08.05. Evotec-Aktie: Werden übermorgen Weichen gestellt? 08.05. Großer Rummel um Warren Buffett 08.05. Nordex: Durchbruch möglich! 08.05. Dax nach Macron-Sieg nur kurz auf Rekordhoch 08.05. Stromautobahnen sollen bis 2025 stehen weitere oft gelesene Nachrichten Werbung Weitere News von Business_Wire Datum Meldung 08:00 BUSINESS WIRE: Responsabili aziendali e IT: tutti invitati a trasformare la customer experience all'Axway IMAGINE SUMMIT 2017 08:00 BUSINESS WIRE: Axway IMAGINE SUMMIT 2017: Forum für Führungskräfte zum Thema Transformation der Customer Experience 04:35 BUSINESS WIRE: Il gruppo James Pascoe passa a Rimini Street per l'assistenza per le sue applicazioni SAP per otto marche di vendita al dettaglio 02:37 BUSINESS WIRE: AGCO weitet Leistungsangebot für Lenksysteme aus 00:09 BUSINESS WIRE: EnvisionTEC stellt die kostensparenden Verbrauchsmaterialien für Großformat-3D-Drucker vor Topthemen Datum Meldung 08:46 Eon halbiert zum Jahresstart Gewinn 08.05. Dax nach Macron-Sieg nur kurz auf Rekordhoch 08.05. Schlecker-Prozess: Zeuge beschreibt Situation vor Pleite 08.05. Air-Berlin-Großaktionärin Etihad setzt Übergangschef ein 08.05. Stromautobahnen sollen bis 2025 stehen weitere Topthemen Werbung Presseschau Datum Meldung 08:43 boerse.ARD.de Münchener Rück im Börsenglück 08:11 boerse.ARD.de Unerwartet starker Jahresstart der Commerzbank 08:00 boerse.ARD.de Dax: Das Rekordhoch bleibt nah 07:53 Rohstoffe: Ölpreise steigen leicht 08.05. boerse.ARD.de Dax geht nach Rekordhoch die Puste aus zur Presseschau Länderüberblick zu Länder & Regionen Weitere News zu... Wertpapieren: Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Derivate Branchen: Automobile Banken Chemie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleistungen Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherungen Weitere Branchen... Kommentare: Ralf Goerke Investmentecke Emittenten Themen: Marktberichte Wirtschaft & Politik Länder & Regionen Topthemen Panorama Geld & Vorsorge Werbung Das ATB Tagesgeldkonto - Transparenz für Ihr Geld |Advanzia-Tagesgeld mit 1,00% p.a.! |1,00% p.a. aufs Tagesgeld bei monatlicher Zinsgutschrift! Jetzt Wünsche erfüllen mit dem PrivatKredit der Degussa Bank. |Top Baufinanzierung bei der Degussa Bank |Bid & Ask Newsletter kostenlos lesen! Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Lehrreiche Webinare, informatives Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Werbung Pushverbindungen werden nach 20 Minuten automatisch getrennt. Verzögerungszeiten: Kurs, Bid/Ask realtime Kurs verzögert, Bid/Ask realtime +15 Min. +20 Min. etc. Schlusskurs oder Spotkurs Nie mehr ein Update dieser Seite verpassen, finanztreff.de RSS-Feeds abonnieren! Investmentecke Topthemen Marktberichte Insidertrades Empfehlungen Nachrichten Adhoc Wirtschaft & Politik Sport Suchen & Finden auf finanztreff.de Aktien Chartsignale Aktienvergleich Fonds Top Service Fonds ETF ETF-Vergleich ETC Anleihen Mittelstandsanleihen Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Indizes Indizes Deutschland DAX Realtime Devisen Crossrates Währungsrechner Rohstoffpreise Top-Nachrichten Musterdepot & Watchlist kostenlose Realtimekurse Planspiel Börse mobile Tools von finanztreff.de und vwd finanztreff.de mobil finanztreff.de iPhone App Wissenstests, Hilfe & Börsenlexikon auf finanztreff.de Hilfe Lexika: Börsenlexikon Fondslexikon Wissenstests: Aktien Fonds Zertifikate Hebelprodukte Über finanztreff.de Impressum Nutzungshinweise Kontakt Verzögerungszeiten Inhaltelizenzierung Mediadaten Jobs © 2017 vwd netsolutions GmbH part of the vwd.com vwdgroup.ch moneyspecial.de QuickChart Quicknews Umfrage Neu/Blog Empfehlen Neue Newsletter Aktualisieren Exklusives Angebot Diese Seite empfehlenschliessen Interessant, oder? Teilen Sie diese Seite auf Facebook, Google+ oder Twitter Aktuelle Umfrageschliessen Experten sehen ab der Frankreichwahl einen turbulenten Goldpreis, der sich aber langfristig nach oben stabilisieren wird. Rechnen Sie auch mit einem langfristigen Anstieg des Goldpreises? Ja, in unsicheren Zeiten ist das die beste Anlage. Nein, Gold wird grundsätzlich überbewertet. Jetzt abstimmen! Alle Umfragen ansehen Börse Stuttgart Anlegerclubschliessen Attraktive Preise zu gewinnen! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart verlost beim Gewinnspiel "Trade & Win" regelmäßig attraktive Preise. Außerdem profitieren Mitglieder von lehrreichen Live-Webinaren, einem informativen Anlegermagazin und vielem mehr. Jetzt kostenlos Mitglied werden
Dienstag, 09. Mai | 07:05 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: UNTERNEHMENSNEWS 12:40 | 08.05.2017 Business Wire News: RIMES Technologies Boosts Senior Team with Two New Appointments 08.05.2017 / 12:40 MITTEILUNG UEBERMITTELT VON BUSINESS WIRE. FUER DEN INHALT IST ALLEIN DAS BERICHTENDE UNTERNEHMEN VERANTWORTLICH. NEW YORK --(BUSINESS WIRE)--08.05.2017-- RIMES Technologies, the leading provider of managed data services for the buy-side, has today announced it has hired Diarmuid O'Donovan as its new Chief Operating Officer. Mitesh Modi, RIMES' former COO, takes up the position of Chief Financial Officer. Mr. O'Donovan has spent his entire career within the securities services and asset management industry, and joins RIMES from Legal & General Investment Management (LGIM), where in his role as Chief Data Officer he was responsible for delivering an enterprise-wide information management capability. Prior to working at LGIM, Mr. O'Donovan was Global Head of Data at UBS Asset Management where he was a senior member of the middle and back office management team responsible for pricing, benchmarks, corporate actions and data management. He also held several senior roles during a 10-year career at JPMorgan. Christian Fauvelais, CEO of RIMES, commented: 'Diarmuid's extensive experience of data-focused operations management makes him the perfect choice to be our new COO. Diarmuid brings with him unrivalled knowledge of buy-side data management, gained in his experience working for some of the largest brands in the industry. This knowledge and expertise will provide invaluable support in ensuring RIMES remains the buy-side's leading managed data services provider'. 'RIMES' approach to data management is unrivalled in the industry', said Diarmuid O'Donovan. 'It's a truly exciting company with a lot to offer to the buy-side. I look forward to helping the company build on its success and deliver the highest levels of service and support to our clients'. With Mr. O'Donovan taking up the role of COO, Mitesh Modi moves to the position of CFO. Mr. Modi had been COO as RIMES since 2010. Prior to that, he held the position of COO and CFO at NewFinance Capital Asset Management. Mr. Modi has also held senior positions at Morgan Stanley and Merrill Lynch. He is a Chartered Accountant (UK) and holds a Bachelor of Economics and Accountancy degree from City University London. 'Mitesh's deep knowledge of RIMES' business as well as his financial acumen make him highly qualified to take on the CFO role', said Christian Fauvelais. 'Drawing on his extensive business experience Mitesh will be instrumental in helping us chart a course to success in what is a very complex and fast-moving industry. I am eager to work with Diarmuid, Mitesh and rest of the RIMES executive team to continue to scale our highly innovative business for long term operational and financial success' Mr. Modi commented: 'RIMES has built an exceptionally strong platform for growth, and its market proposition is unrivalled. While today's markets are more volatile than ever, there are also huge opportunities for forward-thinking and agile companies like RIMES. I relish this chance to help RIMES achieve further growth and exploit fully the market opportunities on offer.' #ends# About RIMES RIMES is a buy-side specialist that truly understands the data management and compliance challenges faced by its clients. It serves over 300 asset managers, owners and servicers in 40 countries including 60 of the 100 largest global asset managers and 9 of the 10 largest custodians by TAUM. [CT] View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/ 20170508005575/en/ Kontakt: RIMES Technologies Al Ferrari marketing@rimes.com 02031707303 Ende der Pressemitteilung Emittent/Herausgeber: Business Wire Pressemitteilung via mecom Mediensatellit Schlagwort(e): Sonderthemen 08.05.2017 Veröffentlichung einer Pressemitteilung, übermittelt durch DGAP - ein Service der EQS Group AG. Für den Inhalt der Mitteilung ist der Emittent / Herausgeber verantwortlich. Die DGAP Distributionsservices umfassen gesetzliche Meldepflichten, Corporate News/Finanznachrichten und Pressemitteilungen. Medienarchiv unter http://www.dgap.de 570959  08.05.2017  Bookmarken NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 08:57 Uhr | 09.05.2017 ROUNDUP: Produktionsprobleme und ... 08:49 Uhr | 09.05.2017 Energiekonzern Enel setzt weiter ... 08:43 Uhr | 09.05.2017 Deutsche Anleihen: Verluste zum ... 08:41 Uhr | 09.05.2017 Druckmaschinenbauer Koenig & ... 08:40 Uhr | 09.05.2017 Ex-Premier Valls will bei Wahl ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min       Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video MOVES-JP Morgan Asset Management names new client advisor for EMEA sales t... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Mon May 8, 2017 | 6:01am EDT MOVES-JP Morgan Asset Management names new client advisor for EMEA sales team May 8 J.P. Morgan Asset Management, a unit of JP Morgan Chase & Co, appointed Tatyana Dachyshyn as an executive director and client advisor on the global liquidity EMEA sales team, effective immediately. Based in London, Dachyshyn will report to Jim Fuell, head of global liquidity sales, international, at J.P. Morgan Asset Management. Dachyshyn will be responsible for business development in Germany and Austria, the firm said. She was most recently director in global client development in securities finance at Commerzbank London. (Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News UK Labour leader Corbyn: I won't quit if I lose election LONDON, May 9 Jeremy Corbyn, leader of Britain's opposition Labour Party which is currently languishing behind the ruling Conservatives in opinion polls, says he will not quit as leader if he loses a national election next month. UPDATE 1-Zalando reports solid growth helped by male shoppers * More than 20 mln active customers at end of Q1 (Adds details) RPT-GLOBAL-MARKETS-Asia stocks, dollar subdued after French relief, S.Korea vote eyed * Asia ex-Japan slips, Nikkei slightly lower in lacklustre market MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 66° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sunshine and some clouds. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 88F. Winds WSW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Mainly clear early, then a few clouds later on. Low near 65F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: May 9, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 2 The Associated Press FILE - This Wednesday, March 29, 2017, file photo shows a sign outside the Comcast Center in Philadelphia. Comcast Corp. is reporting first-quarter profit of $2.57 billion on Thursday, April 27, 2017. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File) The Associated Press This April 1, 2015, file photo, shows a Charter Communications van in St. Louis.  (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File) Comcast, Charter to work together to rival wireless carriers Associated Press 13 hrs ago (…) +1  This April 1, 2015, file photo, shows a Charter Communications van in St. Louis.  (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File) The Associated Press The Associated Press FILE - This Wednesday, March 29, 2017, file photo shows a sign outside the Comcast Center in Philadelphia. Comcast Corp. is reporting first-quarter profit of $2.57 billion on Thursday, April 27, 2017. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File) Updated at 11:45 a.m. NEW YORK • Comcast and Charter have agreed to cooperate on upcoming cellphone services as both cable companies face growing threats from national wireless carriers such as AT&T and Verizon. The cable companies said that while they'll offer wireless services separately to customers, they will work together on behind-the-scenes matters like customer billing and device-ordering systems. They said the agreement will save money and help them compete with the national providers. As part of the deal, announced Monday, Comcast and Charter agreed that they wouldn't buy other wireless companies for one year, or make related deals without consulting each other first. It also includes restrictions on any transaction that would give another company a majority ownership or voting power in either Comcast or Charter. The deal comes amid speculation of impending consolidation in the wireless industry and has the effect of letting both companies develop wireless services to compete with existing wireless carriers without having to worry about also competing with each other. For the most part, Comcast and Charter aren't direct competitors, as their service territories don't overlap. The bigger threat comes from the likes of Verizon and AT&T, which are able to offer TV, internet and home phone services, along with wireless. To compete, Philadelphia-based Comcast expects to launch its own wireless plan , Xfinity Mobile, in the next several weeks. Charter, based in Stamford, Connecticut, expects to introduce its unnamed service next year. Both wireless services will lease Verizon's network. To reduce costs, Comcast and Charter will need to try to encourage customers to use Wi-Fi hotspots rather than cellular whenever possible. By working together, the two companies can explore way to let customers use each other's hotspots when they travel. Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Who's hired? Check our People in Business Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives Analysts at MoffettNathanson said in a research note that the Verizon lease lets each company market wireless service only in its cable service territory. But if either Comcast or Charter were to buy a wireless carrier, such as T-Mobile or Sprint, it would suddenly be able to sell service nationwide, including in the other cable company's region. The deal won't prohibit the companies from making a joint bid for a wireless carrier. "Neither company wants a future where they are adjacent in wireline but overlapping and competing in wireless," the research note said. "Either company acquiring T-Mobile or Sprint would have been an untenable situation." Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. +1  This April 1, 2015, file photo, shows a Charter Communications van in St. Louis.  (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File) The Associated Press Tags Wireless Commerce Economics Comcast Company View (…) comments Most popular If you have a minor health problem, don't expect Anthem to pay for your ER visit Schnucks names Peacock new president and chief operating officer Camping World CEO says Gander Mountain made a bad bet on guns Family booted from Delta flight and threatened with jail after refusing to give up toddler's seat Limited-access club planned for Southwest terminal Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Law firm says elevated levels of radioactivity found in four more Bridgeton homes Sinclair Broadcast to buy Tribune Media for about $3.9 billion A slide in egg sales pulls Post Holdings' second-quarter revenue lower Camping World CEO releases list of Gander Mountains that will remain open Target testing a restocking program for household essentials Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Give a shout out to your graduate in a full-color section of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and online at STLtoday.com. Subscribe today Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ConvaTec Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Earns Hold Rating from Peel Hunt Ergomed PLC (ERGO) Given New GBX 304 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus Derwent London Plc’s (DLN) Top pick Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Dalata Hotel Group Plc’s (DAL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Berenberg Bank ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc BT Group plc (BT.A) Given a GBX 400 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 4,580 Shares of CoreSite Realty Corp (COR) Chevron Co. (CVX) Upgraded at TheStreet Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Downgraded to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Pegasus Partners Ltd. Sells 86,807 Shares of Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Spire Inc (SR) Position Raised by Teachers Advisors LLC HighPoint Advisor Group LLC Has $7.765 Million Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Zebra Technologies Corp. (ZBRA) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Teachers Advisors LLC Acquires 9,267 Shares of Commercial Metals Company (CMC) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Sold by Hendley & Co. Inc. BOK Financial Co. (BOKF) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Strong-Buy Becker Capital Management Inc. Acquires 14,975 Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Carpetright plc’s (CPR) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Miragen Therapeutics, Inc. (MGEN) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Wedbush ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet ConvaTec Group PLC (LON:CTEC)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by stock analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. They presently have a GBX 310 ($4.00) target price on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc’s target price indicates a potential upside of 4.73% from the stock’s previous close. Several other brokerages have also recently issued reports on CTEC. HSBC Holdings plc reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 330 ($4.26) price objective on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Peel Hunt boosted their price objective on ConvaTec Group PLC from GBX 300 ($3.87) to GBX 380 ($4.91) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday. Numis Securities Ltd reissued a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 276 ($3.56) price objective on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 305 ($3.94) price objective on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada boosted their price objective on ConvaTec Group PLC from GBX 242 ($3.12) to GBX 278 ($3.59) and gave the company a “sector perform” rating in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. ConvaTec Group PLC presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of GBX 314 ($4.05). ConvaTec Group PLC (LON:CTEC) opened at 293.60 on Thursday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 283.08 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 251.93. ConvaTec Group PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 213.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 312.90. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/convatec-group-plc-ctec-rating-reiterated-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. About ConvaTec Group PLC ConvaTec Group Plc is a medical product and technology company. The Company focuses on therapies for the management of chronic conditions, including products used for advanced chronic and acute wound care, ostomy care, continence and critical care and infusion devices used in the treatment of diabetes and other conditions. Receive News & Ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rolls-Royce Holding PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CT Financial Advisors LLC Has $260,000 Stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Liberum Capital Reiterates Hold Rating for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (RR) Northstar Group Inc. Has $1.356 Million Position in Facebook Inc (FB) Facebook Inc (FB) Shares Bought by Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC F&V Capital Management LLC Has $87 Million Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Triangle Securities Wealth Management Has $2.545 Million Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Has $775,000 Position in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Lau Associates LLC Raises Stake in AT&T Inc. (T) Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc (ITCI) Shares Bought by Macquarie Group Ltd. Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Earns Hold Rating from Peel Hunt Ergomed PLC (ERGO) Given New GBX 304 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus Derwent London Plc’s (DLN) Top pick Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Dalata Hotel Group Plc’s (DAL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Berenberg Bank ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc BT Group plc (BT.A) Given a GBX 400 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 4,580 Shares of CoreSite Realty Corp (COR) Chevron Co. (CVX) Upgraded at TheStreet Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Downgraded to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Pegasus Partners Ltd. Sells 86,807 Shares of Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Spire Inc (SR) Position Raised by Teachers Advisors LLC Liberum Capital Reiterates Hold Rating for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (RR) May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (LON:RR)‘s stock had its “hold” rating restated by investment analysts at Liberum Capital in a research report issued on Thursday. They presently have a GBX 670 ($8.65) price target on the stock. Liberum Capital’s price target would suggest a potential downside of 21.50% from the company’s current price. A number of other research analysts also recently commented on RR. Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 920 ($11.88) price objective on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “underweight” rating and set a GBX 480 ($6.20) price objective on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. BNP Paribas reissued an “underperform” rating and issued a GBX 560 ($7.23) target price on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC to a “buy” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from GBX 743 ($9.59) to GBX 1,030 ($13.30) in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 740 ($9.55) target price on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating, two have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 697.60 ($9.01). Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (LON:RR) opened at 845.00 on Thursday. The firm has a 50 day moving average of GBX 792.20 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 726.51. Rolls-Royce Holding PLC has a one year low of GBX 588.00 and a one year high of GBX 875.50. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 27th will be issued a dividend of GBX 7.10 ($0.09) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 0.95%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 27th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Liberum Capital Reiterates Hold Rating for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (RR)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/liberum-capital-reiterates-hold-rating-for-rolls-royce-holding-plc-rr.html. In other news, insider Ruth Cairnie acquired 255 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of GBX 760 ($9.81) per share, with a total value of £1,938 ($2,502.26). Also, insider Kevin Smith acquired 377 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 701 ($9.05) per share, with a total value of £2,642.77 ($3,412.23). Over the last ninety days, insiders have purchased 967 shares of company stock valued at $722,057. Rolls-Royce Holding PLC Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Smiths Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smiths Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Shire PLC (SHP) Smiths Group plc’s (SMIN) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG Spirent Communications Plc’s (SPT) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at N+1 Singer Sanderson Group plc (SND) Rating Reiterated by N+1 Singer CardConnect Corp (CCN) to Release Earnings on Wednesday 52,509 Shares in Hill International Inc (HIL) Acquired by Norges Bank Norges Bank Takes Position in Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Aldebaran Financial Inc. Raises Position in General Electric Company (GE) Norges Bank Invests $442,000 in Obalon Therapeutics Inc (OBLN) Renaissance Technologies LLC Maintains Position in Novogen Limited (NVGN) Bridgeline Digital Inc (BLIN) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Ilika plc (IKA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Numis Securities Ltd Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Rating Reiterated by Credit Suisse Group AG Hess Midstream Partners LP (HESM) Earns Neutral Rating from Analysts at Citigroup Inc Zacks Investment Research Lowers Vascular Biogenics Ltd (VBLT) to Sell VCA Inc (WOOF) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research RAIT Financial Trust (RAS) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Shawbrook Group PLC’s (SHAW) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt Farmland Partners Inc (FPI) Position Boosted by State Street Corp State Street Corp Buys 215 Shares of RealNetworks Inc (RNWK) Smiths Group plc’s (SMIN) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Smiths Group plc (LON:SMIN) in a research note published on Wednesday. They currently have a GBX 1,750 ($22.60) price target on the stock. SMIN has been the topic of several other research reports. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a buy rating and set a GBX 1,670 ($21.56) price objective on shares of Smiths Group plc in a report on Thursday, January 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an overweight rating and set a GBX 1,612 ($20.81) price objective on shares of Smiths Group plc in a report on Friday, January 27th. Numis Securities Ltd restated a buy rating and set a GBX 1,810 ($23.37) price objective on shares of Smiths Group plc in a report on Monday, March 20th. Credit Suisse Group AG raised their price objective on Smiths Group plc from GBX 1,600 ($20.66) to GBX 1,730 ($22.34) and gave the stock an outperform rating in a report on Friday, March 24th. Finally, BNP Paribas raised their price objective on Smiths Group plc from GBX 1,500 ($19.37) to GBX 1,550 ($20.01) and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Friday, February 10th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Smiths Group plc currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 1,582.92 ($20.44). Smiths Group plc (LON:SMIN) opened at 1653.00 on Wednesday. Smiths Group plc has a 1-year low of GBX 1,028.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 1,685.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 1,614.11 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 1,498.78. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/smiths-group-plcs-smin-buy-rating-reiterated-at-deutsche-bank-ag.html. The company also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 28th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th were given a GBX 13.55 ($0.17) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 0.85%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, April 6th. In other news, insider Chris O’Shea bought 4,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 4th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of GBX 1,630 ($21.05) per share, with a total value of £73,350 ($94,706.26). Smiths Group plc Company Profile Smiths Group plc is a technology company. The Company operates in five divisions: John Crane, Smiths Medical, Smiths Detection, Smiths Interconnect and Flex-Tek. The John Crane division offers mechanical seals, seal support systems, engineered bearings and power transmission couplings, among others. The Smiths Medical division offers infusion systems, vascular access (including safety needles), patient airway and temperature management equipment, and specialty devices in areas of in vitro fertilization, diagnostics and emergency patient transport. Receive News & Ratings for Smiths Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smiths Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance J Sainsbury plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for J Sainsbury plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Shore Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) The Sage Group plc (SGE) Rating Reiterated by Citigroup Inc HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Shire PLC (SHP) Smiths Group plc’s (SMIN) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG Spirent Communications Plc’s (SPT) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at N+1 Singer Sanderson Group plc (SND) Rating Reiterated by N+1 Singer CardConnect Corp (CCN) to Release Earnings on Wednesday 52,509 Shares in Hill International Inc (HIL) Acquired by Norges Bank Norges Bank Takes Position in Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Aldebaran Financial Inc. Raises Position in General Electric Company (GE) Norges Bank Invests $442,000 in Obalon Therapeutics Inc (OBLN) Renaissance Technologies LLC Maintains Position in Novogen Limited (NVGN) Bridgeline Digital Inc (BLIN) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Ilika plc (IKA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Numis Securities Ltd Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Rating Reiterated by Credit Suisse Group AG Hess Midstream Partners LP (HESM) Earns Neutral Rating from Analysts at Citigroup Inc Zacks Investment Research Lowers Vascular Biogenics Ltd (VBLT) to Sell VCA Inc (WOOF) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research RAIT Financial Trust (RAS) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Shawbrook Group PLC’s (SHAW) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt Shore Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Shore Capital reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of J Sainsbury plc (LON:SBRY) in a research report report published on Wednesday morning. SBRY has been the subject of a number of other reports. BNP Paribas restated an outperform rating and set a GBX 255 ($3.29) price target on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Citigroup Inc restated a neutral rating and set a GBX 260 ($3.36) price target on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a research note on Friday, January 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an underweight rating and set a GBX 200 ($2.58) price target on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. AlphaValue restated an add rating and set a GBX 295 ($3.81) price target on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a sell rating and set a GBX 205 ($2.65) price target on shares of J Sainsbury plc in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. J Sainsbury plc has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 256 ($3.31). J Sainsbury plc (LON:SBRY) opened at 268.50 on Wednesday. J Sainsbury plc has a 12 month low of GBX 211.50 and a 12 month high of GBX 282.30. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 265.57 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 255.61. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/shore-capital-reaffirms-buy-rating-for-j-sainsbury-plc-sbry.html. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 7th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 11th will be issued a dividend of GBX 6.60 ($0.09) per share. This represents a yield of 2.36%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This is a positive change from J Sainsbury plc’s previous dividend of $3.60. In other J Sainsbury plc news, insider Michael Andrew Coupe sold 86,095 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 259 ($3.34), for a total value of £222,986.05 ($287,909.68). Insiders have purchased a total of 129 shares of company stock worth $34,268 in the last 90 days. About J Sainsbury plc J Sainsbury plc is engaged in grocery-related retailing and retail banking. The Company’s segments include Retailing; Financial services, and Property investments. The Retailing segment is engaged in the operation of supermarkets and convenience. The Financial services segment includes the operations of Sainsbury’s Bank plc (Sainsbury’s Bank). Receive News & Ratings for J Sainsbury plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for J Sainsbury plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hess Midstream Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hess Midstream Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bridgeline Digital Inc (BLIN) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Ilika plc (IKA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Numis Securities Ltd Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Rating Reiterated by Credit Suisse Group AG Hess Midstream Partners LP (HESM) Earns Neutral Rating from Analysts at Citigroup Inc Zacks Investment Research Lowers Vascular Biogenics Ltd (VBLT) to Sell VCA Inc (WOOF) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research RAIT Financial Trust (RAS) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Shawbrook Group PLC’s (SHAW) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt Farmland Partners Inc (FPI) Position Boosted by State Street Corp State Street Corp Buys 215 Shares of RealNetworks Inc (RNWK) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Purchases 33,728 Shares of Global Net Lease Inc (GNL) Bovis Homes Group plc (BVS) Given Buy Rating at Liberum Capital FinnCap Boosts Capital Drilling Ltd (CAPD) Price Target to GBX 109 Zacks Investment Research Downgrades OpGen Inc (OPGN) to Sell Ascent Resources Plc (AST) Receives Buy Rating from Northland Securities Macquarie Increases Pearson plc (PSON) Price Target to GBX 790 Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reaffirms Buy Rating for Saga PLC (SAGA) Arista Networks Inc (ANET) Given a $160.00 Price Target by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Analysts Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Horizon Global Corp Raised by Seaport Global Securities (HZN) Wedbush Weighs in on LGI Homes Inc’s Q3 2017 Earnings (LGIH) Hess Midstream Partners LP (HESM) Earns Neutral Rating from Analysts at Citigroup Inc May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Citigroup Inc initiated coverage on shares of Hess Midstream Partners LP (NASDAQ:HESM) in a report published on Tuesday. The brokerage issued a neutral rating and a $28.00 price target on the stock. HESM has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Morgan Stanley initiated coverage on shares of Hess Midstream Partners in a research report on Monday, May 1st. They set a weight rating and a $27.00 target price for the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc assumed coverage on shares of Hess Midstream Partners in a report on Monday, May 1st. They issued a buy rating and a $32.00 price target for the company. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Hess Midstream Partners in a report on Monday, May 1st. They issued an overweight rating and a $30.00 price target for the company. Shares of Hess Midstream Partners (NASDAQ:HESM) opened at 25.35 on Tuesday. Hess Midstream Partners has a 12 month low of $24.22 and a 12 month high of $26.78. The company’s 50 day moving average is $25.70 and its 200 day moving average is $25.70. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/hess-midstream-partners-lp-hesm-earns-neutral-rating-from-analysts-at-citigroup-inc.html. In related news, General Counsel Timothy B. Goodell purchased 12,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 10th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $23.00 per share, with a total value of $287,500.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the general counsel now owns 12,500 shares in the company, valued at approximately $287,500. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, CFO Jonathan C. Stein purchased 8,700 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 10th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $23.00 per share, with a total value of $200,100.00. Following the acquisition, the chief financial officer now owns 8,700 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $200,100. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders acquired 267,100 shares of company stock valued at $6,143,300. Hess Midstream Partners Company Profile Hess Midstream Partners LP is a fee-based, traditional master limited partnership formed to own, operate, develop and acquire a set of midstream assets to provide services to Hess and third-party crude oil and natural gas producers. The Company’s assets are primarily located in the Bakken and Three Forks shale plays in the Williston Basin area of North Dakota (collectively referred as the Bakken). Receive News & Ratings for Hess Midstream Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hess Midstream Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Saga PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Saga PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ascent Resources Plc (AST) Receives Buy Rating from Northland Securities Macquarie Increases Pearson plc (PSON) Price Target to GBX 790 Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reaffirms Buy Rating for Saga PLC (SAGA) Arista Networks Inc (ANET) Given a $160.00 Price Target by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Analysts Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Horizon Global Corp Raised by Seaport Global Securities (HZN) Wedbush Weighs in on LGI Homes Inc’s Q3 2017 Earnings (LGIH) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for PPL Corp Raised by Analyst (PPL) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Regal Beloit Corp (RBC) Increased by Oppenheimer Holdings Brokers Issue Forecasts for Resolute Energy Corp’s Q3 2017 Earnings (REN) Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Issued By Oppenheimer Holdings (SBH) Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Vetr Inc. Downgrades AbbVie Inc (ABBV) to Buy DZ Bank AG Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Hugo Boss Ag Spon (BOSSY) Scotiabank Reaffirms “Sector Perform” Rating for Dream Industrial Real Estate Invest Trst (DIR.UN) AES Corp (AES) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Pernod Ricard (PDRDY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Macquarie AB SKF (SKFRY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research HAVAS (HAVSF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Aritzia Inc (ATZ) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reaffirms Buy Rating for Saga PLC (SAGA) May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Saga PLC (LON:SAGA)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. They currently have a GBX 220 ($2.84) target price on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc’s price objective points to a potential upside of 4.36% from the stock’s current price. SAGA has been the subject of several other research reports. Peel Hunt reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 250 ($3.23) price objective on shares of Saga PLC in a research note on Sunday, January 15th. Credit Suisse Group AG started coverage on shares of Saga PLC in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. They set a “neutral” rating and a GBX 200 ($2.58) price objective for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 215 ($2.78) target price on shares of Saga PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Beaufort Securities reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Saga PLC in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd reiterated an “add” rating and set a GBX 235 ($3.03) target price on shares of Saga PLC in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 224.17 ($2.89). Shares of Saga PLC (LON:SAGA) opened at 212.50 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 207.65 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 196.08. Saga PLC has a one year low of GBX 175.00 and a one year high of GBX 227.38. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be given a dividend of GBX 5.80 ($0.07) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. This is a positive change from Saga PLC’s previous dividend of $2.70. This represents a yield of 2.84%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/goldman-sachs-group-inc-reaffirms-buy-rating-for-saga-plc-saga.html. In other Saga PLC news, insider Jonathan Hill sold 24,683 shares of Saga PLC stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 208 ($2.69), for a total transaction of £51,340.64 ($66,288.75). About Saga PLC Saga plc is a provider of services for the customers aged 50 and over. The Company operates through three segments: Insurance, Travel, and Emerging Businesses and Central Costs. Insurance segment consists of general insurance products, such as Motor insurance, Home insurance and Other insurance. Travel segment primarily consists of the operation and delivery of package tours and cruise holiday products. Receive News & Ratings for Saga PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Saga PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Man Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Man Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Lowers Melco Resorts & Entertainment Ltd (MLCO) to Hold Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy NorthWestern Corp (NWE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Mueller Water Products, Inc. (MWA) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Man Group Plc (EMG) Given “Outperform” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) PT Raised to GBX 260 at Barclays PLC Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for AMN Healthcare Services, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AMN) Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Brookfield Renewable Partners LP Issued By National Bank Financial (BEP) SunTrust Banks Comments on bluebird bio Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BLUE) Aberdeen Asset Management plc (ADN) Stock Rating Lowered by Numis Securities Ltd Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give AstraZeneca plc (AZN) a GBX 3,900 Price Target AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC – (ADAP) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Weighs in on Curtiss-Wright Corp.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (CW) Analysts Issue Forecasts for Continental Resources, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (CLR) Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc (ITCI) Downgraded by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services to “Neutral” Needham & Company LLC Increases Instructure Inc (INST) Price Target to $33.00 Credit Suisse Group AG Begins Coverage on Elevate Credit Inc (ELVT) Targa Resources Corp (TRGP) Upgraded at Seaport Global Securities Angie's List Inc (ANGI) Cut to Hold at Loop Capital Man Group Plc (EMG) Given “Outperform” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed their outperform rating on shares of Man Group Plc (LON:EMG) in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. They currently have a GBX 195 ($2.52) price target on the investment management company’s stock. A number of other analysts also recently issued reports on EMG. Citigroup Inc reiterated a buy rating on shares of Man Group Plc in a report on Friday, January 6th. BNP Paribas reissued a neutral rating and issued a GBX 120 ($1.55) price objective on shares of Man Group Plc in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. dropped their price objective on shares of Man Group Plc from GBX 155 ($2.00) to GBX 150 ($1.94) and set an overweight rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Liberum Capital lifted their price objective on shares of Man Group Plc from GBX 125 ($1.61) to GBX 148 ($1.91) and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc lifted their price objective on shares of Man Group Plc from GBX 140 ($1.81) to GBX 160 ($2.07) and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 154.23 ($1.99). Man Group Plc (LON:EMG) opened at 156.50 on Tuesday. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 147.94 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 133.03. Man Group Plc has a 12 month low of GBX 102.50 and a 12 month high of GBX 157.70. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/man-group-plc-emg-given-outperform-rating-at-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 20th will be paid a dividend of GBX 3.62 ($0.05) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 20th. This is a boost from Man Group Plc’s previous dividend of $3.43. This represents a dividend yield of 2.52%. Man Group Plc Company Profile Man Group plc is the holding company for the Man group of companies and affiliated entities (the Group). The Company operates in the alternative investment management sector. The Company has a geographically diverse investor base. It distributes to private investors through a network of over 4,000 intermediaries, and manages its institutional relationships directly. Receive News & Ratings for Man Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Man Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Spending at Merchants on U.S. Cards Up 7.0% in 2016 The Nilson Report Releases Purchase Volume Data for Credit, Debit, and Prepaid Cards Purchase Volume on U.S. Cards “Consumers are choosing credit cards over debit cards to gain rewards from banks and other issuers.” CARPINTERIA, CA (PRWEB) May 08, 2017 Credit, debit, and prepaid cards issued in the U.S. generated $5.648 trillion in purchase volume in 2016, up 7.0% over 2015, according to The Nilson Report, the leading card and mobile payment trade publication. American Express, Discover, Mastercard, and Visa credit cards topped $3 trillion for the first time, generating a combined $3.059 trillion in spending at merchants, up 8.0% over 2015. Debit and prepaid cards with those brands as well as the brands of EFT networks Star, Pulse, Nyce, Interlink, Accel, and others combined to generate $2.589 trillion in purchase volume, up 5.8%. Credit cards increased their market share of purchase volume over debit and prepaid cards to 53.64%, up from 45.84% in 2015. It was the fifth year in a row in which credit cards gained market share. “Consumers are choosing credit cards over debit cards to gain rewards from banks and other issuers,” said David Robertson, Publisher of The Nilson Report. JPMorgan Chase, the largest issuer of consumer and commercial credit, debit (including EFT network), and prepaid cards since 2008, generated $861.30 billion in purchase volume, remaining the top issuer. American Express remained the largest issuer based on combined credit card purchase volume. Wells Fargo overtook Bank of America to become the largest issuer based on debit and prepaid purchase volume. Wells Fargo remained the largest issuer based on signature debit purchase volume, and overtook Bank of America to become the largest based on PIN debit purchase volume. The Bancorp Bank remained the largest prepaid card issuer. About The Nilson Report Now in its 46th year of publication, The Nilson Report is the most respected source of news and analysis of the global card and mobile payment industries. It does not accept paid advertising of any kind. It carries no advertisements, no articles written by vendors, and no sponsored content. The by-subscription-only newsletter provides statistics on issuers and acquirers of credit, debit, and prepaid cards not found in any other trade journal. It also presents concise news and updates on technology, personnel, and products. The full report on U.S. Card Spending at Merchants, which appears in the current issue of The Nilson Report, is available by contacting us at info(at)nilsonreport(dot)com and requesting Issue 1108. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pirimicarb Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Next PostNext Potassium Fluoride Sales Market 2017 –Application, Trends, Growth, Opportunities Worldwide and Forecast To 2022 Search Recent Posts 2017 Global Air Quality Monitoring Devices Sales Market 2022 Trend & Forecast Report 2017 Global Air Quality Monitoring Devices Sales Market 2022 Trend & Forecast Report Global Wearable Payment Market Report 2020 with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends at Growth of CAGR 59.44% Delray Beach, FL Author Publishes Novel New Zealand Author Publishes Spiritual Book RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Essilor International SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Essilor International SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hurricane Energy PLC (HUR) Given Buy Rating at FinnCap Smith & Nephew plc (SN) Given New GBX 1,280 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Innogy SE (IGY) a €36.50 Price Target Kingfisher plc (KGF) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Essilor International SA (EI) PT Set at €130.00 by Credit Suisse Group AG Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Vital Therapies Inc (VTL) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.00 Per Share Hudson Technologies, Inc. to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.14 Per Share, B. Riley Forecasts (HDSN) Humana Inc (HUM) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $3.29 Per Share Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc Increased by Wedbush (ICPT) FBR & Co Increases Sunstone Hotel Investors Inc (SHO) Price Target to $16.00 KEYW Holding Corp. Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.01) Per Share (KEYW) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Universal Logistics Holdings Inc (ULH) to “Hold” West Corp (WSTC) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday JPMorgan Chase & Co. Trims Vedanta Resources plc (VED) Target Price to GBX 700 Weatherly International plc’s (WTI) “Speculative Buy” Rating Reiterated at RFC Ambrian Severn Trent Plc (SVT) PT Raised to GBX 2,400 Numis Securities Ltd Reaffirms Add Rating for St. James's Place plc (STJ) Secure Trust Bank Plc (STB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital Essilor International SA (EI) PT Set at €130.00 by Credit Suisse Group AG May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Essilor International SA (EPA:EI) has been given a €130.00 ($141.30) target price by stock analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. EI has been the subject of a number of other reports. Morgan Stanley set a €113.00 ($122.83) price objective on Essilor International SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €118.00 ($128.26) price objective on Essilor International SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Essilor International SA in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Jefferies Group LLC set a €136.00 ($147.83) price objective on Essilor International SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc set a €132.00 ($143.48) price objective on Essilor International SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the stock. Essilor International SA has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of €120.50 ($130.98). Essilor International SA (EPA:EI) opened at 120.25 on Monday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is €114.78 and its 200 day moving average price is €107.93. Essilor International SA has a 52-week low of €93.41 and a 52-week high of €124.55. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Essilor International SA (EI) PT Set at €130.00 by Credit Suisse Group AG” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/essilor-international-sa-ei-pt-set-at-130-00-by-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. About Essilor International SA Essilor International SA, formerly Essilor International Compagnie Generale D’Optique SA, is an ophthalmic optics company. The Company designs, manufactures and markets a range of lenses to improve and protect eyesight. It also develops and markets equipment for prescription laboratories, and instruments and services for eye care professionals. Receive News & Ratings for Essilor International SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Essilor International SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Severn Trent Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Severn Trent Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Trims Vedanta Resources plc (VED) Target Price to GBX 700 Weatherly International plc’s (WTI) “Speculative Buy” Rating Reiterated at RFC Ambrian Severn Trent Plc (SVT) PT Raised to GBX 2,400 Numis Securities Ltd Reaffirms Add Rating for St. James's Place plc (STJ) Secure Trust Bank Plc (STB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital Wilmington PLC (WIL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by N+1 Singer adidas AG (ADS) Rating Reiterated by DZ Bank AG El Pollo LoCo Holdings Inc to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.20 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (LOCO) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for MacroGenics Inc Lifted by Analyst (MGNX) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for NN, Inc. Lowered by Analyst (NNBR) Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) PT Set at €102.00 by Warburg Research Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Siemens AG (SIE) a €135.00 Price Target Siemens AG (SIE) PT Set at €125.00 by Barclays PLC E.On Se (EOAN) PT Set at €7.75 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Redrow plc (RDW) Independent Research GmbH Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target CSI Compressco LP (CCLP) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Volkswagen AG (VOW3) PT Set at €155.00 by Warburg Research Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates €45.00 Price Target for Salzgitter AG (SZG) Salzgitter AG (SZG) PT Set at €22.00 by Commerzbank Ag Severn Trent Plc (SVT) PT Raised to GBX 2,400 May 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Severn Trent Plc (LON:SVT) had its target price lifted by equities research analysts at Royal Bank of Canada from GBX 2,300 ($29.70) to GBX 2,400 ($30.99) in a report issued on Thursday. The brokerage currently has an “underperform” rating on the stock. Royal Bank of Canada’s target price would suggest a potential upside of 1.14% from the company’s previous close. A number of other analysts also recently commented on SVT. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 2,190 ($28.28) price target on shares of Severn Trent Plc in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Macquarie reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a GBX 2,570 ($33.18) price target on shares of Severn Trent Plc in a research report on Friday, April 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Severn Trent Plc in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 2,300 ($29.70) price target on shares of Severn Trent Plc in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc downgraded Severn Trent Plc to a “reduce” rating and decreased their price target for the company from GBX 2,330 ($30.08) to GBX 2,200 ($28.41) in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. Severn Trent Plc has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 2,301.43 ($29.72). Severn Trent Plc (LON:SVT) opened at 2373.00 on Thursday. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 2,379.40 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 2,280.46. Severn Trent Plc has a 52-week low of GBX 2,047.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 2,526.00. WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/07/severn-trent-plc-svt-pt-raised-to-gbx-2400.html. About Severn Trent Plc Severn Trent Plc treats and provides water and removes wastewater in the United Kingdom and internationally. The Company provides clean water and wastewater services through its businesses, Severn Trent Water and Severn Trent Business Services. It operates through two segments: Regulated Water and Waste Water, and Business Services. Receive News & Ratings for Severn Trent Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Severn Trent Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Redrow plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Redrow plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Redrow plc (RDW) Independent Research GmbH Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target CSI Compressco LP (CCLP) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Volkswagen AG (VOW3) PT Set at €155.00 by Warburg Research Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates €45.00 Price Target for Salzgitter AG (SZG) Salzgitter AG (SZG) PT Set at €22.00 by Commerzbank Ag Novadaq Technologies Inc. to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.25) Per Share, William Blair Forecasts (NVDQ) OneMain Holdings Inc (OMF) Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.83 Per Share OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.07 Per Share Timmins Gold Corp. (TMM) Rating Reiterated by Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Reiterates Buy Rating for Whitecap Resources Inc. (WCP) Uni Select Inc (UNS) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Whitecap Resources Inc. (WCP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Trilogy Energy Corp (TET) Price Target Lowered to C$7.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Trilogy Energy Corp’s (TET) Hold Rating Reiterated at TD Securities Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc (BW) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Senior plc (SNR) Desjardins Brokers Reduce Earnings Estimates for Allied Properties Real Estate Investment (AP) Blueprint Medicines Corp (BPMC) Downgraded by TheStreet NuVasive, Inc. (NUVA) Raised to “B” at TheStreet Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Redrow plc (RDW) May 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several brokerages have updated their recommendations and price targets on shares of Redrow plc (LON: RDW) in the last few weeks: 5/4/2017 – Redrow plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a GBX 548 ($7.08) price target on the stock. 4/26/2017 – Redrow plc had its price target raised by analysts at Peel Hunt from GBX 650 ($8.39) to GBX 675 ($8.72). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/24/2017 – Redrow plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. 4/18/2017 – Redrow plc had its price target raised by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from GBX 515 ($6.65) to GBX 666 ($8.60). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/7/2017 – Redrow plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 4/6/2017 – Redrow plc was upgraded by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. to an “overweight” rating. They now have a GBX 600 ($7.75) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 500 ($6.46). 4/5/2017 – Redrow plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Peel Hunt. They now have a GBX 650 ($8.39) price target on the stock. 4/4/2017 – Redrow plc was upgraded by analysts at Liberum Capital to a “buy” rating. They now have a GBX 561 ($7.24) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 415 ($5.36). 3/30/2017 – Redrow plc had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 558 ($7.20) price target on the stock. 3/29/2017 – Redrow plc had its price target raised by analysts at Peel Hunt from GBX 620 ($8.01) to GBX 650 ($8.39). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/28/2017 – Redrow plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 3/23/2017 – Redrow plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 3/23/2017 – Redrow plc had its price target raised by analysts at Canaccord Genuity from GBX 540 ($6.97) to GBX 545 ($7.04). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Redrow plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 3/22/2017 – Redrow plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 415 ($5.36) price target on the stock. Redrow plc (LON:RDW) opened at 579.50 on Monday. Redrow plc has a 1-year low of GBX 100.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 592.28. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 534.20 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 461.13. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Friday, May 5th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 23rd were issued a dividend of GBX 6 ($0.08) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.28%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 23rd. Redrow PLC is engaged in residential housing development. The Company is engaged in constructing homes throughout England and Wales. The Company’s operations are focused on housebuilding. Its product range is focused on traditional family housing in its regional businesses and apartment schemes in Greater London. Receive News & Ratings for Redrow plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Redrow plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apptio Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apptio Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blueprint Medicines Corp (BPMC) Downgraded by TheStreet NuVasive, Inc. (NUVA) Raised to “B” at TheStreet AltaCorp Capital Upgrades Trican Well Service Ltd (TCW) to Outperform Molina Healthcare, Inc. (MOH) Rating Increased to B at TheStreet Sientra Inc (SIEN) Short Interest Update Short Interest in Apptio Inc (APTI) Declines By 8.6% Ascent Capital Group Inc (ASCMA) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday BNP Paribas SA (BNP) Given a €63.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts BNP Paribas SA (BNP) Given a €73.40 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Morgan Stanley Reiterates “€3.00” Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Kering (PP) a €290.00 Price Target LHC Group, Inc. (LHCG) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada STMicroelectronics NV (STM) PT Set at €14.00 by Baader Bank Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Rating Lowered to Buy at Vetr Inc. Biogen Inc (BIIB) Upgraded to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by MKM Partners Northland Securities Reiterates Buy Rating for Motif Bio PLC (MTFB) Cormark Weighs in on Kinross Gold Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (K) Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Yamana Gold Inc. Issued By Cormark (YRI) Brokers Issue Forecasts for Twilio Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (TWLO) Short Interest in Apptio Inc (APTI) Declines By 8.6% May 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Apptio Inc (NASDAQ:APTI) was the target of a large drop in short interest in the month of April. As of April 13th, there was short interest totalling 1,108,373 shares, a drop of 8.6% from the March 31st total of 1,212,617 shares. Based on an average daily volume of 265,815 shares, the short-interest ratio is currently 4.2 days. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of APTI. State Street Corp purchased a new stake in shares of Apptio during the fourth quarter valued at $1,061,000. Symmetry Peak Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Apptio during the third quarter valued at $380,000. HBK Investments L P purchased a new stake in shares of Apptio during the third quarter valued at $868,000. UBS Oconnor LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Apptio during the third quarter valued at $1,583,000. Finally, Jabre Capital Partners S.A. purchased a new stake in shares of Apptio during the third quarter valued at $434,000. A number of research analysts have commented on the stock. Barclays PLC cut their target price on shares of Apptio to $22.00 in a research report on Friday, February 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Apptio from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their target price for the company from $16.00 to $18.00 in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Royal Bank of Canada raised shares of Apptio from a “sector perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $24.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $29.00 target price on shares of Apptio in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $23.00. Apptio (NASDAQ:APTI) opened at 13.86 on Monday. Apptio has a 12 month low of $10.77 and a 12 month high of $24.60. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $12.14 and a 200-day moving average of $15.74. Apptio (NASDAQ:APTI) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The technology company reported ($0.08) earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.12) by $0.04. The firm earned $43.90 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $42.46 million. The firm’s revenue was up 19.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business earned ($0.31) EPS. On average, equities analysts predict that Apptio will post ($0.43) earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/07/short-interest-in-apptio-inc-apti-declines-by-8-6.html. Apptio Company Profile Apptio, Inc is a provider of technology business management (TBM) solutions. The Company’s cloud-based platform and software as a service (SaaS) applications enable information technology (IT) leaders to analyze, optimize and plan technology investments, and benchmark the financial and operational performance against peers. Receive News & Ratings for Apptio Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apptio Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Watts Water Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Watts Water Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokers Offer Predictions for Watts Water Technologies Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (WTS) Brokers Issue Forecasts for Watts Water Technologies Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (WTS) Amplify Snack Brands Inc (BETR) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday American Renal Associates Holdings Inc (ARA) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Persimmon plc (PSN) Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Dr Pepper Snapple Group’s (DPS) Hold Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Cut to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Energen Co. (EGN) Upgraded to “C-” at TheStreet Ford Motor Company (F) Receives Buy Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Buy Rating for Continental Building Products Inc (CBPX) North American Energy Partners Inc.(USA) (NOA) Rating Reiterated by National Bank Financial Kellogg Company (K) Rating Increased to B+ at TheStreet Allied Properties Real Estate Investment (AP) Upgraded to Outperform Market Weight at National Bank Financial $15.46 Billion in Sales Expected for United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) This Quarter Analysts Set The Carlyle Group LP (CG) Price Target at $17.80 Brokerages Set MGIC Investment Corp. (MTG) Target Price at $11.69 Big Yellow Group plc (BYG) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Just Energy Group Inc (JE) Receives $8.90 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokers Issue Forecasts for Watts Water Technologies Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (WTS) May 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Watts Water Technologies Inc (NYSE:WTS) – Investment analysts at KeyCorp dropped their Q2 2017 earnings estimates for shares of Watts Water Technologies in a report released on Thursday. KeyCorp analyst J. Hammond now anticipates that the technology company will earn $0.84 per share for the quarter, down from their prior forecast of $0.85. KeyCorp also issued estimates for Watts Water Technologies’ FY2017 earnings at $2.95 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $3.30 EPS. A number of other research analysts have also recently commented on the stock. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. restated a “hold” rating on shares of Watts Water Technologies in a research note on Thursday. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Watts Water Technologies from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 13th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc assumed coverage on shares of Watts Water Technologies in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $66.00 price target for the company. Finally, TheStreet cut shares of Watts Water Technologies from a “b” rating to a “c” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $61.80. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/07/brokers-issue-forecasts-for-watts-water-technologies-incs-q2-2017-earnings-wts.html. Shares of Watts Water Technologies (NYSE:WTS) opened at 65.90 on Monday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $61.43 and its 200 day moving average price is $64.08. Watts Water Technologies has a 52 week low of $54.22 and a 52 week high of $71.05. Watts Water Technologies (NYSE:WTS) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 4th. The technology company reported $0.65 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.60 by $0.05. Watts Water Technologies had a return on equity of 12.51% and a net margin of 6.02%. The firm had revenue of $347.20 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $343.79 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.57 earnings per share. Watts Water Technologies’s revenue for the quarter was up .9% compared to the same quarter last year. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Welch & Forbes LLC raised its stake in Watts Water Technologies by 70.2% in the third quarter. Welch & Forbes LLC now owns 21,758 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $1,411,000 after buying an additional 8,975 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Watts Water Technologies by 66.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 46,308 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $3,002,000 after buying an additional 18,548 shares during the last quarter. State of Wisconsin Investment Board raised its stake in Watts Water Technologies by 7.5% in the third quarter. State of Wisconsin Investment Board now owns 185,220 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $12,010,000 after buying an additional 12,867 shares during the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in Watts Water Technologies during the fourth quarter valued at $1,454,000. Finally, BlackRock Inc. raised its stake in Watts Water Technologies by 40.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 21,148 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $1,371,000 after buying an additional 6,062 shares during the last quarter. 81.74% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. In other news, General Counsel Kenneth Robert Lepage sold 10,147 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.00, for a total transaction of $659,555.00. Following the completion of the sale, the general counsel now owns 39,102 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,541,630. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Elie Melhem sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $61.75, for a total transaction of $61,750.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 30,039 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,854,908.25. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 1.40% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Watts Water Technologies Watts Water Technologies, Inc is a supplier of products and solutions that manage and conserve the flow of fluids and energy into, through and out of buildings in the residential and commercial markets. The Company, through its subsidiary, Watts Regulator Co, is engaged in manufacturing products and systems focused on the control, conservation and quality of water, and safety of the people using it. Receive News & Ratings for Watts Water Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Watts Water Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 21,012 +5.34 +0.03% Nasdaq 6,103 +1.90 +0.03% S&P 500 2,399 +0.09 +0.00% 3:06 A.M. ET Commerzbank rises 1.4% after first-quarter earnings report 3:05 A.M. ET Updated Veteran investors on trading in the time of Trump — how to cut through the uncertainty 3:05 A.M. ET Updated Eastspring’s Andrew Cormie on investing in the time of Trump: ‘Have the courage to step into the market’ 3:04 A.M. ET Updated Eaton Vance veteran Lew Piantedosi on investing in the time of Trump: ‘Without risk, there’s no reward’ 3:04 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.3% higher at 12,734.01 3:03 A.M. ET Updated PineBridge veteran Michael Kelly on investing in a time of Trump: ‘Don’t fixate on some magical rule’ 3:03 A.M. ET Pandora shares rise 4% after quarterly results 3:03 A.M. ET Updated Private-equity titan Guy Hands on investing in a time of Trump: ‘The most difficult environment I have ever seen’ 3:02 A.M. ET Updated Jack Bogle on how to invest in a time of Trump: ‘Be realistic’ 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.4% higher at 5,403.61 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Goldman enamored with stocks in these tech juggernauts 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,306.47 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 394.85 2:59 A.M. ET Zalando profit jumps on a 23% rise in revenue 2:58 A.M. ET German industrial output slips, but beats views 2:57 A.M. ET Hiscox to set up new European unit due to Brexit 2:56 A.M. ET Micro Focus disappointed by HPE's falling revenue 2:55 A.M. ET Updated Why ‘this is the end of the European rally’ in stocks, says Saxo Bank 2:13 A.M. ET William Hill on track to meet expectations 2:12 A.M. ET Japanese overall wages fall for 1st time since May Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release BD Announces Offerings of $2.25 Billion of Common Stock and $2.25 Billion of Depositary Shares Representing Interests in Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock By Published: May 7, 2017 6:58 p.m. ET Share FRANKLIN LAKES, N.J., May 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) BDX, -1.50% announced today that it has commenced registered offerings of $2.25 billion of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, and $2.25 billion of depositary shares, each representing a 1/20th interest in its mandatory convertible preferred stock, par value $1.00 per share, Series A. Pursuant to the offerings, BD intends to grant the underwriters an option to purchase from BD up to an additional $225 million of common stock and up to an additional $225 million of depositary shares.   BD intends to use the proceeds from the offerings to finance a portion of the cash consideration payable in connection with BD's previously announced acquisition of C. R. Bard, Inc. ("Bard") and to pay related fees and expenses. The acquisition is expected to close in the fall of 2017. The closings of these offerings are not conditioned on each other or on the closing of the acquisition. Each depositary share entitles the holder of such depositary share to a proportional fractional interest in the rights and preferences of the mandatory convertible preferred stock, including conversion, dividend, liquidation and voting rights, subject to the terms of the deposit agreement. Unless previously converted or redeemed, on or around May 1, 2020, each then outstanding share of mandatory convertible preferred stock will automatically convert into a number of shares of BD's common stock based on the applicable conversion rate, and each depositary share will automatically convert into a number of shares of common stock equal to a proportionate fractional interest in such shares of common stock. The conversion rates, dividend rate and other terms of the mandatory convertible preferred stock will be determined at the time of pricing of the offering of the depositary shares. Currently, no public market exists for the depositary shares. BD intends to apply to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "BDXA." The joint book-running managers for the offering of common stock are Citigroup; J.P. Morgan; Morgan Stanley; Wells Fargo Securities; BNP PARIBAS; MUFG; and Barclays, and the co-managers are Scotiabank; BTIG; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; ING; Loop Capital Markets; and The Williams Capital Group, L.P.  The joint book-running managers for the offering of depositary shares are Citigroup; J.P. Morgan; Morgan Stanley; MUFG; BNP PARIBAS; Barclays; and Wells Fargo Securities, and the co-managers are Standard Chartered Bank; Scotiabank; US Bancorp; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; ING; Loop Capital Markets; and The Williams Capital Group, L.P.  You may obtain a preliminary prospectus supplement for either offering by contacting Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 (tel:800-831-9146); J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, toll-free: (866) 803-9204, email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, United States, Attention: Prospectus Dept.; MUFG Securities Americas Inc. by Toll-free Prospectus Request Hotline: (877) 649-6848, email: Prospectus@us.sc.mufg.jp; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attn: Equity Syndicate, 375 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10152, by telephone (800) 326-5897, or by email at cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com. About BD BD is a global medical technology company that is advancing the world of health by improving medical discovery, diagnostics and the delivery of care. BD leads in patient and health care worker safety and the technologies that enable medical research and clinical laboratories. The company provides innovative solutions that help advance medical research and genomics, enhance the diagnosis of infectious disease and cancer, improve medication management, promote infection prevention, equip surgical and interventional procedures, and support the management of diabetes. The company partners with organizations around the world to address some of the most challenging global health issues. BD has nearly 50,000 associates across 50 countries who work in close collaboration with customers and partners to help enhance outcomes, lower health care delivery costs, increase efficiencies, improve health care safety and expand access to health. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains certain estimates and other "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Forward looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as "will", "expect", "outlook" "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "see," "will," "would," "target," or other similar words, phrases or expressions and variations or negatives of these words.  Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain, such as statements regarding BD's ability to consummate the financings on the terms described in this press release or at all and the consummation of the Bard acquisition and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are based on the current expectations of BD management and are not predictions of actual performance. These statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties regarding BD and Bard's respective businesses and the proposed acquisition, and actual results may differ materially.  These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, (i) the ability of the parties to successfully complete the proposed acquisition on anticipated terms and timing, including obtaining required shareholder and regulatory approvals, anticipated tax treatment, unforeseen liabilities, future capital expenditures, revenues, expenses, earnings, synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition, losses, future prospects, business and management strategies for the management, expansion and growth of the new combined company's operations and other conditions to the completion of the acquisition, (ii) risks relating to the integration of Bard's operations, products and employees into BD and the possibility that the anticipated synergies and other benefits of the proposed acquisition will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected timeframe, (iii) the outcome of any legal proceedings related to the proposed acquisition, (iv) access to available financing including for the refinancing of BD's or Bard's debt on a timely basis and reasonable terms, (v) the ability to market and sell Bard's products in new markets, including the ability to obtain necessary regulatory product registrations and clearances, (vi) the loss of key senior management or other associates; the anticipated demand for BD's and Bard's products, including the risk of future reductions in government healthcare funding, changes in reimbursement rates or changes in healthcare practices that could result in lower utilization rates or pricing pressures, (vii) the impact of competition in the medical device industry, (viii) the risks of fluctuations in interest or foreign currency exchange rates, (ix) product liability claims, (x) difficulties inherent in product development, including the timing or outcome of product development efforts, the ability to obtain regulatory approvals and clearances and the timing and market success of product launches, (xi) risks relating to fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and other sourced products and the ability to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relationships, (xii) successful compliance with governmental regulations applicable to BD, Bard and the combined company, (xiii) changes in regional, national or foreign economic conditions, (xiv) uncertainties of litigation, and (xv) other factors discussed in BD's and Bard's respective filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The forward-looking statements in this press release speak only as of date of this announcement.  BD and Bard undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, except as required by applicable laws or regulations. BD Monique Dolecki, Investor Relations – (201) 847-5378 Kristen Cardillo, Corporate Communications – (201) 847-5657 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bd-announces-offerings-of-225-billion-of-common-stock-and-225-billion-of-depositary-shares-representing-interests-in-mandatory-convertible-preferred-stock-300452845.html SOURCE BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References BDX -2.78 -1.50% Most Popular This is why American tourists don’t want to travel to Cuba Apple’s stock surged to another record after Buffett nearly tripled his stake Gundlach makes bearish call on stock market as S&P 500, Nasdaq hit records U.S. may soon expand electronics ban to all European flights Why a T-Mobile Merger Could Happen Soon MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Becton Dickinson & Co. U.S.: NYSE: BDX $182.62 -2.78 (-1.50%) Volume 2.3M Open $184.29 High $184.80 Low $182.35 P/E Ratio 30.21 Div Yield 1.6 Market Cap 39.5B
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance PepsiCo Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Expect Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) to Announce $1.05 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp (WAB) Will Announce Earnings of $0.94 Per Share Brokerages Anticipate Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) to Post $1.78 EPS $1.41 Billion in Sales Expected for Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Will Announce Earnings of $1.40 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) Will Post Earnings of $2.14 Per Share Metro, Inc. (MRU) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Carter's, Inc. (CRI) Will Post Earnings of $0.71 Per Share Brokerages Set CSRA Inc (CSRA) Price Target at $33.82 $0.91 Earnings Per Share Expected for BIO-TECHNE Corp (TECH) This Quarter Time Warner Inc (TWX) Receives $100.19 Average Price Target from Analysts Zacks: Brokerages Expect Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Will Announce Earnings of $1.29 Per Share Brokerages Set YY Inc (YY) Price Target at $55.74 Brokerages Set StoneMor Partners L.P. (STON) Target Price at $12.00 Analysts Set Statoil ASA (STO) Price Target at $17.88 AquaVenture Holdings Ltd (WAAS) Receives $27.00 Average PT from Brokerages Analysts Expect Berry Global Group Inc (BERY) to Announce $0.82 Earnings Per Share Textron Inc. (TXT) Receives $52.75 Average PT from Brokerages $1.71 Earnings Per Share Expected for ManpowerGroup Inc. (MAN) This Quarter Varonis Systems Inc (VRNS) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Will Announce Earnings of $1.40 Per Share May 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages forecast that PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) will post $1.40 earnings per share for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Five analysts have made estimates for PepsiCo’s earnings, with the lowest EPS estimate coming in at $1.34 and the highest estimate coming in at $1.44. PepsiCo reported earnings of $1.35 per share in the same quarter last year, which would indicate a positive year over year growth rate of 3.7%. The company is expected to issue its next earnings results on Thursday, July 6th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that PepsiCo will report full-year earnings of $5.13 per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from $5.09 to $5.19. For the next financial year, analysts expect that the firm will post earnings of $5.56 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $5.45 to $5.65. Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share calculations are a mean average based on a survey of research analysts that that provide coverage for PepsiCo. PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.94 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.91 by $0.03. The company earned $12.05 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $11.98 billion. PepsiCo had a net margin of 10.74% and a return on equity of 56.16%. PepsiCo’s quarterly revenue was up 1.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.89 EPS. Several research firms recently weighed in on PEP. Vetr upgraded shares of PepsiCo from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $125.54 price target for the company in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc restated a “hold” rating and set a $120.00 price target on shares of PepsiCo in a research report on Monday, January 9th. BMO Capital Markets restated a “buy” rating and set a $115.00 price target on shares of PepsiCo in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. CLSA restated an “outperform” rating on shares of PepsiCo in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of PepsiCo in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $125.00 price target for the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating, fourteen have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. PepsiCo has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $120.35. PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP) traded up 0.23% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $113.22. 3,046,064 shares of the stock were exchanged. PepsiCo has a 52 week low of $98.50 and a 52 week high of $114.61. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $112.49 and its 200 day moving average is $107.14. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be issued a $0.805 dividend. This represents a $3.22 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.84%. This is an increase from PepsiCo’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.75. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 31st. PepsiCo’s dividend payout ratio is presently 66.01%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/07/zacks-brokerages-anticipate-pepsico-inc-pep-will-announce-earnings-of-1-40-per-share.html. In other news, EVP Cynthia Trudell sold 9,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $109.57, for a total value of $986,130.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 38,739 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,244,632.23. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, COO Vivek Sankaran sold 2,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $110.22, for a total transaction of $220,440.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now directly owns 73,595 shares in the company, valued at $8,111,640.90. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 44,343 shares of company stock worth $4,850,480. Insiders own 0.33% of the company’s stock. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in PEP. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of PepsiCo by 1.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 63,651,479 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,663,170,000 after buying an additional 1,115,697 shares during the last quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its stake in shares of PepsiCo by 21.1% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 21,642,802 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,354,088,000 after buying an additional 3,773,486 shares during the last quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. increased its stake in shares of PepsiCo by 2.2% in the fourth quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. now owns 15,671,152 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,639,677,000 after buying an additional 340,666 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of PepsiCo during the fourth quarter worth about $1,492,411,000. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its stake in shares of PepsiCo by 2.2% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 8,028,947 shares of the company’s stock worth $873,308,000 after buying an additional 173,958 shares during the last quarter. 70.43% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About PepsiCo PepsiCo, Inc is a global food and beverage company. The Company’s portfolio of brands includes Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Quaker and Tropicana. The Company operates through six segments: Frito-Lay North America (FLNA), Quaker Foods North America (QFNA), North America Beverages (NAB), Latin America, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa (ESSA), and Asia, Middle East and North Africa (AMENA). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on PepsiCo (PEP) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for PepsiCo Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Leadership Search Search WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: May 9 marketsWall Street’s ‘Fear Index’ Has Hit a Two-Decade Low Fortune 500Anti-Pipeline Protestors Shut Down Chase Banks in Seattle JapanIMF Warns Asian Countries to Act Now Before Aging Populations ‘Tax’ Growth The Comcast Center building in Philadelphia, Penn., on Dec. 3, 2009.  Bradley C. Bower—Bloomberg/Getty Images Telecommunications Comcast and Charter to Announce Wireless Partnership, Source Says Reuters May 07, 2017 Comcast Corp (cmcsk) and Charter Communications (chtr) will announce a wireless partnership as soon as Monday, according to a source familiar with the matter. The deal will bar either company from entering into a material transaction for a year without the other company's consent, the source said, which would prevent Charter from immediately tying up with Verizon Communications (verizon.communications). The agreement will allow the companies to cut costs and share technology expertise, the source added, asking not to be named because the matter is private. The partnership is aimed at cutting the significant costs of entering the wireless market, as well as speeding up entry. J.P. Morgan Chase & Co (jpyyl) analysts wrote in January that building a wireless business could cost Comcast hundreds of millions of dollars annually in the first few years, potentially cutting as much as 5 cents to 10 cents off earnings per share in 2017. Representatives for Comcast and Charter declined to comment. A representative for Verizon could not be reached immediately for comment. Comcast in April became the first major U.S. cable provider to enter the highly competitive wireless market, announcing a wireless service with an unlimited data plan. The service will launch in coming weeks, the source said. For more on Comcast, watch Fortune's video: Comcast 's service will launch on Verizon's airwaves as part of a 2011 agreement between the two companies. It will allow customers to switch automatically to Comcast 's Wi-Fi hotspots from 4G LTE. Comcast is moving into wireless as cable companies seek to add more services to reduce customer churn, or attrition, as younger viewers shun high-priced subscriptions in favor of cheaper online options. Rival Charter has said it will introduce a mobile service in 2018. In January, Reuters reported Verizon was interested in exploring a combination with Charter as part of a long list of acquisition targets, but no proposal had been made for a tie-up between the two companies. Speculation over a combination of the companies underscores the pressure the nation's largest wireless carrier faces to make a deal in the wake of AT&T's (t) planned $85.4 billion takeover of Time Warner (twx), Verizon and other carriers also face a saturated smartphone market. The Wall Street Journal first reported the partnership, without giving further details. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Technology Comcast, Charter to announce wireless partnership on Monday: source Add to ... By David Shepardson and Anjali Athavaley Reuters Published Sunday, May 07, 2017 9:14PM EDT Last updated Sunday, May 07, 2017 11:31PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Comcast Corp and Charter Communications Inc will announce a wireless partnership on Monday, according to a source familiar with the matter, as the cable providers prepare to enter a highly competitive and oversaturated market for mobile service in the United States. The partnership is aimed at cutting the significant costs of entering the wireless market, as well as speeding up entry, the source said. The deal will bar either company from entering into a material transaction for a year without the other company's consent, the source said. That would prevent either company from tying up with a wireless carrier immediately on its own. In January, Reuters reported Verizon Communications Inc was interested in exploring a combination with Charter as part of a long list of acquisition targets, but no proposal had been made for a tie-up between the two companies. Analysts and investors have also speculated that Comcast could buy a U.S. carrier, such as T-Mobile US Inc or Sprint Corp, as its ambitions grow in the wireless market. At a Lions Gate Entertainment Corp investor conference in January, John Malone, whose Liberty Broadband Corp is Charter's largest stakeholder, raised the possibility that major cable companies could get together and buy T-Mobile. Monday's agreement between Comcast and Charter will allow the companies to cut costs and share technology expertise, as well as offer customers benefits such as seamless connection between their Wi-Fi hotspots, the source added, asking not to be named because the matter is private. JPMorgan Chase & Co analysts wrote in January that building a wireless business could cost Comcast hundreds of millions of dollars annually in the first few years, potentially cutting as much as 5 cents to 10 cents off earnings per share in 2017. Representatives for Comcast and Charter declined to comment. Representatives for Verizon and T-Mobile could not be reached immediately for comment. Comcast in April gave new details about its plans for a wireless service, which will launch on Verizon's airwaves as part of a 2011 agreement between the two companies. The service will allow customers to switch automatically to Comcast's Wi-Fi hotspots from 4G LTE. It will launch in coming weeks, the source said. Comcast is moving into wireless as cable companies seek to add more services to reduce customer churn, or attrition, as younger viewers shun high-priced subscriptions in favor of cheaper online options. Rival Charter has said it will introduce a mobile service in 2018. The Wall Street Journal first reported the partnership, without giving further details. (Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington and Olivia Oran and Anjali Athavaley in New York; Editing by Sandra Maler and Randy Fabi) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   S-NSprint Corp Latest Price$7.76 0.00 (0.00%) CCS-NCentury Communities Inc Latest Price$27.20 0.00 (0.00%) CCZ-NComcast Holdings Corp Latest Price$50.10 0.00 (0.00%) CMCSA-QComcast Corp Latest Price$39.20 0.00 (0.00%) JPM-NJPMorgan Chase & Co Latest Price$87.10 0.00 (0.00%) VZ-NVerizon Communications Inc Latest Price$46.63 0.00 (0.00%) Updated April 19 9:30 AM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Reuters AG United States of America Sprint Nextel Corporation Charter Communications Inc. Lions Gate Entertainment Inc. Comcast Corporation Verizon Communications Inc. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever News Homes inundated as Ottawa River floods News Man believed to be 147 years old laid to rest in Indonesia Arts Alec Baldwin says Trump refused SNL invite Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Ways in which your finances are tied to the housing market Sports Raptors star Kyle Lowry says he hasn’t thought about his future Technology Ostrich-like robot balances itself as it runs News White House shifts blame to Obama over Flynn News Reporters barred from Kushner Companies' event in China Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Here’s the good news about the housing market right now Life Twin sisters give birth to boys on same day Report on Business How improv skills can be used in the workplace ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor New rule proposed to boost transparency around funds with embedded fees Life Wineries move into the sustainability movement Most popular John Doyle: There’s a target on Stephen Colbert’s back and it’s not going away May 9: Your daily horoscope Opposition denounce Defence Minister Sajjan, make case for non-confidence How a call to Canada from Jared Kushner started a scramble on NAFTA Everything you need to know about the B.C. election platforms X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 23 mins S&P 500 2,399.38 +0.09 (+0.00%) Dow 30 21,012.28 +5.34 (+0.03%) Nasdaq 6,102.66 +1.90 (+0.03%) Watch Now Yahoo Finance's complete coverage of Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Shareholders Meeting Comcast, Charter to announce wireless partnership on Monday -source Reuters May 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share (Adds context) By David Shepardson and Anjali Athavaley May 7 (Reuters) - Comcast Corp and Charter Communications Inc will announce a wireless partnership on Monday, according to a source familiar with the matter, as the cable providers prepare to enter a highly competitive and oversaturated market for mobile service in the United States. The partnership is aimed at cutting the significant costs of entering the wireless market, as well as speeding up entry, the source said. The deal will bar either company from entering into a material transaction for a year without the other company's consent, the source said. That would prevent either company from tying up with a wireless carrier immediately on its own. In January, Reuters reported Verizon Communications Inc was interested in exploring a combination with Charter as part of a long list of acquisition targets, but no proposal had been made for a tie-up between the two companies. Analysts and investors have also speculated that Comcast could buy a U.S. carrier, such as T-Mobile US Inc or Sprint Corp, as its ambitions grow in the wireless market. At a Lions Gate Entertainment Corp investor conference in January, John Malone, whose Liberty Broadband Corp is Charter's largest stakeholder, raised the possibility that major cable companies could get together and buy T-Mobile. Monday's agreement between Comcast and Charter will allow the companies to cut costs and share technology expertise, as well as offer customers benefits such as seamless connection between their Wi-Fi hotspots, the source added, asking not to be named because the matter is private. JPMorgan Chase & Co analysts wrote in January that building a wireless business could cost Comcast hundreds of millions of dollars annually in the first few years, potentially cutting as much as 5 cents to 10 cents off earnings per share in 2017. Representatives for Comcast and Charter declined to comment. Representatives for Verizon and T-Mobile could not be reached immediately for comment. Comcast in April gave new details about its plans for a wireless service, which will launch on Verizon's airwaves as part of a 2011 agreement between the two companies. The service will allow customers to switch automatically to Comcast's Wi-Fi hotspots from 4G LTE. It will launch in coming weeks, the source said. Comcast is moving into wireless as cable companies seek to add more services to reduce customer churn, or attrition, as younger viewers shun high-priced subscriptions in favor of cheaper online options. Rival Charter has said it will introduce a mobile service in 2018. The Wall Street Journal first reported the partnership, without giving further details. (Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington and Olivia Oran and Anjali Athavaley in New York; Editing by Sandra Maler and Randy Fabi) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next This Wireless Provider Has the Fastest Network in the Country (and It's Not Verizon) -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool This ultra-thin $20 case adds wireless charging to any iPhone BGR News Comcast launches new WiFi service as connected devices grow Reuters John Oliver Explains Why Net Neutrality Is in Trouble Under Trump Newsweek Comcast and Charter reach operational agreement on joint wireless efforts: Source CNBC United Airlines apologizes after sending woman to San Francisco instead of Paris Business Insider Sally Yates and Ted Cruz get into heated battle over Trump's immigration ban Business Insider Warren Buffett’s one-word answer for why he hasn’t purchased Amazon shares CNBC With eye on millennials, Coach buys Kate Spade Reuters Buffett: 'Everything in valuation gets back to interest rates' Yahoo Finance Video Disney and JOLTS — What you need to know in markets on Tuesday Yahoo Finance How to delete your data from your old devices Yahoo Finance JAMIE DIMON: There is a 'national catastrophe' and 'we should be ringing the alarm bells' Business Insider Here's how much Nvidia will make off the Nintendo Switch Yahoo Finance Anthem argues for 60 days to save merger with balky Cigna Reuters What to Watch in the Markets Tuesday, May 9 Yahoo Finance Video Sally Yates says she warned White House that Flynn could be 'blackmailed' by Russians Mike000427: A lot of Hillary Clinton comments in here, really shows you guys don't understand any of this. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 803
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Five Things You Need to Know to Start Your Day Get caught up on what's moving markets in Asia. by Luke Kawa @LJKawa More stories by Luke Kawa May 7, 2017, 6:10 PM EDT Publicis's Levy Says France Took Enormous Risk on Macron Want to receive this post in your inbox every morning? Sign up here. Macron wins, China’s whopping deleveraging bill, and Gulf stocks tank. Here are some of the things people in markets are talking about. Macron Beats Le Pen  Centrist Emmanuel Macron has won the French presidential runoff, projected to capture roughly 65 percent of the vote to far-right candidate Marine Le Pen's 35 percent, suggesting the populist electoral wave seen over the past year has hit a roadblock. The victor, who pledged to fight against "deepening divisions" in French society, must now deal with double-digit unemployment in one of Europe's biggest economies. The euro gained only marginally against most other currencies as the results poured in. This election wasn’t the only one that suggests populism may have hit an intermediate peak: Angela Merkel’s Christian Democrats also won a state vote in northern Germany, besting the incumbent Social Democratic candidate. $453 Billion  That’s how much value Chinese stocks and bonds have lost since mid-April amid the government’s renewed efforts to crack down on financial leverage. JPMorgan Asset Management suggested that China’s leaders will only recalibrate their policies in the event that stocks retreat another 10 percent or the yuan “cracks under pressure.” The latter looks unlikely, however, with signs that capital controls continue to be effective. Foreign exchange reserves rose by more than expected to $3.03 trillion in April, their third consecutive advance.  Bloodbath in Gulf Stocks  Gulf stocks were taken to the woodshed after Brent crude broke below $50 per barrel last week and couldn’t make it back above that threshold on Friday. All major equity indexes in the oil-heavy region declined on Sunday, with the Kuwait Stock Exchange Index tumbling 2.8 percent. U.S. shale drillers’ renaissance is seen as offsetting OPEC’s production curbs. One incrementally positive sign for black gold: Iran’s oil minister said the nation will go along with whatever decision OPEC makes at its May 25 meeting in Vienna, adding that all signs point to a “renewal of the deal” to cap output. However, there’s also a big bet in markets that West Texas Intermediate falls below $39 per barrel by mid-July.  All-Time Highs for U.S. Stocks The S&P 500 Index posted its first record close since March 1 to end last week amid a bounce-back in beleaguered commodity stocks. April’s non-farm payroll reports released on Friday showed jobs growth of 211,000, surpassing the consensus estimate, while the unemployment rate fell to 4.4 percent, the lowest since May 2007. Over the weekend, Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc. posted quarterly profits that fell short of analysts’ estimates amid disappointing results in its insurance businesses. Indian Bank Shakeups The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government announced the appointment of seven new chief executive officers for the nation’s state-controlled banks, which account for the lion’s share of loans. The government also empowered the Reserve Bank of India to help resolve issues with non-performing loans at the nation’s lenders, a key prerequisite for reviving credit growth. This enhancement of authority for the RBI may give Governor Urjit Patel the necessary tools to finish the mission started by Raghuram Rajan, his predecessor. Recently, a top government adviser said there would be no need to set up a bad bank to absorb toxic assets. What we’ve been reading  This is what caught our eye over the past day. Sweden's anti-Trump fiscal policy delivers economic miracle. FX traders are losing faith in the greenback. Buffett says he blew it on Google. How Iran is getting out ahead of potential U.S. economic sanctions. The Godfather of passive investing says markets would fail in a world without active. Senate Republicans embrace some parts of Obamacare in health-care bill rewrite. Your winner of the 2017 Kentucky Derby defied the naysayers. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read The Long, Hard, Unprecedented Fall of Sears Buffett Confronts Search for Next Big Thing After Missed Chances Sinclair Buys Tribune in $3.9 Billion Deal, Creating TV Goliath The Kushner Project Touted in China Is in Trouble at Home Chinese Tycoons Plant Money Management Flags on Wall Street Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
Columbus menu News News Announcements Breaking News Funding Channels Channels 3D Printing Cloud Storage Dev & Design Ecommerce Ecosystems Gadgets Marketing Mobile Productivity Reports & Rankings Sharing Economy Wearables Cities Cities Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boise Boston Charleston Chicago Dallas DC Denver Kansas City Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami New York City Pittsburgh Portland ME San Diego San Francisco Seattle Events Events SXSW 2017 Events Startup of the Year Tech.Co Events INNOVATE! & CELEBRATE Industry Events Ecosystem Ecosystem Accelerator Coworking spaces Hackathon Incubator Jobs Resources Resources Books Finance Healthy Entrepreneur Productivity Tips & How To’s News Announcements Breaking News Funding Channels 3D Printing Cloud Storage Dev & Design Ecommerce Ecosystems Gadgets Marketing Mobile Productivity Reports & Rankings Sharing Economy Wearables Cities Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boise Boston Charleston Chicago Dallas DC Denver Kansas City Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami New York City Pittsburgh Portland ME San Diego San Francisco Seattle Events SXSW 2017 Events Startup of the Year Tech.Co Events INNOVATE! & CELEBRATE Industry Events Ecosystem Accelerator Coworking spaces Hackathon Incubator Jobs Resources Books Finance Healthy Entrepreneur Productivity Tips & How To’s jobs This Columbus Food Truck Founder Exemplifies the Power of Networking Columbus Startups & Apps Tishin Donkersley @TishinD May 8, 2017 5:50 pm 0 Shares With no business plan or working capital, it can be hard to build a business. However a driven work ethic, unending passion, and some family recipes, Lisa and Vincente Gutierrez opened their food truck business, Dos Hermanos Taco Truck, and rolled right into entrepreneurship. The couple met at a restaurant where Lisa was the manager and Vincente was the line cook. Together they had dreams of owning their own business and creating jobs. On a whim, they decided to buy a food truck from their friend, borrowed pots and pans from friends and family, and launched their food truck with recipes from Vincente’s family from Oaxaca, Mexico. “In 2012, we just opened the business and the community supported us and loved the food,” Lisa said. As their business began to grow, Lisa needed to build her entrepreneurial skills and find ways to expand the business. Lisa turned to the Columbus Economic & Community Development Institute (ECDI). The non-profit economic development organization helped provide Lisa with a place to park their truck, access to a prep kitchen, and offered affordable classes to help market the business. “I had no idea about mobile food vending, how to write a business plan, social media or how to make a logo,” Lisa said. “They had a women’s business center attached and I got my business hat on!” In 2015, Lisa was accepted to the Entrepreneur Exchange Program, funded by the SBA ScaleUp America initiative. This nine-month program is a community-focused initiative where business firms can grow by leveraging, networking, and complimenting the existing resources and expertise in their areas. Through the program, Lisa was able to leverage her networking opportunities to expand their business that included two food carts and became vendors at sport stadiums and local hot spots. “The ECDI made our business credible. We were noticed by the North Market and they wanted to bring in authentic Mexican cuisine – we were one of three businesses chosen. [Most importantly,] I knew having that restaurant in the market would break the cycle of not being able to create jobs,” Lisa said. Through heavy social media marketing, word-of-mouth and expansion, Dos Hermanos became a recognizable brand. “We are in the Ohio State stadium serving tacos on game days for football and soccer, and serve as a pop-up restaurant at JPMorgan Chase’s McCoy Center. Being in front of these large crowds and companies make us credible,” Lisa said. When it was finally time to get a loan to expand her business, the network she’d developed in the community was helpful. “Just by talking to the small business bankers and connecting with Chase it had really helped our small business grow,” Lisa said. While their dreams of owning a business and creating jobs are coming to fruition, there are always unexpected twists and turns as an entrepreneur. “I was surprised by how much it took to run the business. I was the cashier and taking the orders and I couldn’t foresee myself not being on the truck however, as we stated to grow I couldn’t be everywhere. I needed to let go and put people in different roles, and they were amazing. The strength in our staff and empowering them has allowed us to continue to grow the business. [Each day I say] wow! I’m surrounded by a bunch of talented people,” Lisa said. This article is part of a Startup Week content series brought to you by CHASE for BUSINESS. Startup Week is celebration of entrepreneurs in cities around the globe. CHASE for BUSINESS is everything a business needs in one place, from expert advice to valuable products and services. Find business news, stories, insights and expert tips all in one place at Chase.com/forbusiness. Read the rest of our Startup Week series. Delicious photos courtesy of Dos Hermanos  Read more about the value of networking here on Tech.Co Tags: columbus, Columbus Startup Week, female founder, Startup, startup week, Startups Did you like this article? No Yes Get more delivered to your inbox just like it! Sign Up! Sorry about that. Try these articles instead! Tishin Donkersley Tishin is a technology journalist and correspondent. She has written for TechCrunch, Demand Studios and Fitness, was the former Chief Editor of AZ Tech Beat and has regular network segments on local Phoenix affiliate stations. She's a veteran to CES and has covered many areas of technology ranging from 3D printing and game development to sport tech and funding. 0 Shares -   -   Leave a Reply Cancel Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Submit About Buy the Book Contributor FAQ Services Get Involved Got a News Tip? Startups Advertise Contact Us Subscribe Jobs in Tech Shop
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Credit Suisse to Cut Up to 35 Asia Equities Jobs by June by Cathy Chan @chan_cat More stories by Cathy Chan May 8, 2017, 11:40 PM EDT May 9, 2017, 2:22 AM EDT Cuts come after trading revenue slumped in first quarter Firm is seeking to reduce equities unit balance sheet in Asia Tidjane Thiam, chief executive officer of Credit Suisse, speaks during a Bloomberg Television interview in Hong Kong. Photographer: Anthony Kwan/Bloomberg Credit Suisse Group AG is cutting as many as 35 positions at its equities business in Asia after the unit’s revenue slumped, a person with knowledge of the matter said. The firm is mainly culling trading, sales, prime brokerage and research positions in the region, according to the person, who asked not to be identified discussing private information. The latest round of reductions, which started about two months ago, will be completed by June, the person said. Credit Suisse is shaking up a markets business that was singled out as unprofitable and suffering from “ significantly reduced client activity” by Chief Executive Officer Tidjane Thiam when reporting first-quarter earnings last month. Equities trading revenue dropped 16 percent in Asia-Pacific in the quarter, stung by a slump in derivatives sales. A Credit Suisse spokesman declined to comment on the cuts. The Zurich-based bank is also seeking the shrink the Asian equities unit’s balance sheet, excluding derivatives, by 15 percent to 18 percent to free up capital it can use elsewhere, the person said. Several global investment banks cut the size of their Asian equities units last year or exited the business entirely amid volatile trading commissions. Chinese markets in particular have been going through boom-bust periods since 2015 that have made the business tough to predict. Rankings Drop Credit Suisse lost its position as the second-biggest bank in Asia-Pacific equities by revenue to Morgan Stanley last year, research firm Coalition said in March. Swiss competitor UBS Group AG remained at the top of the rankings and Credit Suisse shared the No. 3 position with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co., according to Coalition. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Thiam said at a press conference in Hong Kong last month that the bank has been restructuring its Asian equities business, adding that the process would continue in the second quarter. Among senior executives at the unit to leave this year are Donald Lee, the former co-head of cash equities for Asia-Pacific, and Matt Pecot, who ran prime services in the region. In March, Credit Suisse appointed derivatives veteran Ken Pang to run the regional global markets business, succeeding Ali Naqvi. Credit Suisse is in the second year of a turnaround plan which involves cutting back its securities operation while expanding in wealth management, especially in Asia. Last month, the bank announced it will boost its capital through a share sale worth 4 billion Swiss francs ($4 billion), after abandoning an earlier plan for an initial public offering of its Swiss banking unit. The Asian operation, which Thiam gave increased independence after taking over as CEO to reflect the region’s growth potential, has failed to meet his expectations. In December, Credit Suisse announced plans to cut an additional 1 billion Swiss francs of costs after lowering profit targets for the Asian division and for the international wealth-management operation. Credit Suisse last month hired two senior executives from Deutsche Bank AG, Neil Hosie and Patrick Kelly, for its equities business in Asia. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read The Long, Hard, Unprecedented Fall of Sears Buffett Confronts Search for Next Big Thing After Missed Chances Sinclair Buys Tribune in $3.9 Billion Deal, Creating TV Goliath The Kushner Project Touted in China Is in Trouble at Home Chinese Tycoons Plant Money Management Flags on Wall Street Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Credit Suisse said to plan cutting up to 35 Asia equities jobs The firm is believed to be mainly culling trading, sales, prime brokerage and research positions in Asia.PHOTO: AFP Published2 hours ago Updated2 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/46iD Copy HONG KONG (BLOOMBERG) - Credit Suisse Group is cutting as many as 35 positions at its equities business in Asia after the unit's revenue slumped, a person with knowledge of the matter said. The firm is mainly culling trading, sales, prime brokerage and research positions in the region, according to the person, who asked not to be identified. The latest round of reductions, which started about two months ago, will be completed by June, the person said. Credit Suisse is shaking up a markets business that was singled out as unprofitable and suffering from "significantly reduced client activity" by chief executive officer Tidjane Thiam when reporting first-quarter earnings last month. Equities trading revenue dropped 16 per cent in Asia-Pacific in the quarter, stung by a slump in derivatives sales. A Credit Suisse spokesman declined to comment on the cuts. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up The Zurich-based bank is also seeking the shrink the Asian equities unit's balance sheet, excluding derivatives, by 15 per cent to 18 per cent to free up capital it can use elsewhere, the person said. Several global investment banks cut the size of their Asian equities units last year or exited the business entirely amid volatile trading commissions. Chinese markets in particular have been going through boom-bust periods since 2015 that have made the business tough to predict. Credit Suisse lost its position as the second-biggest bank in Asia-Pacific equities by revenue to Morgan Stanley last year, research firm Coalition said in March. Swiss competitor UBS Group remained at the top of the rankings and Credit Suisse shared the No 3 position with Goldman Sachs Group and JPMorgan Chase & Co, according to Coalition. Thiam said at a press conference in Hong Kong last month that the bank has been restructuring its Asian equities business, adding that the process would continue in the second quarter. Among senior executives at the unit to leave this year are Donald Lee, the former co-head of cash equities for Asia-Pacific, and Matt Pecot, who ran prime services in the region. In March, Credit Suisse appointed derivatives veteran Ken Pang to run the regional global markets business, succeeding Ali Naqvi. The Asian operation, which Thiam gave increased independence after taking over as CEO to reflect the region's growth potential, has failed to meet his expectations. In December, Credit Suisse announced plans to cut an additional 1 billion Swiss francs of costs after lowering profit targets for the Asian division and for the international wealth-management operation. Credit Suisse last month hired two senior executives from Deutsche Bank, Neil Hosie and Patrick Kelly, for its equities business in Asia. Topics:  BANKS AND FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS JOB CUTS More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/46iD Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content Merck_A125676_20170501_300x200 Women are at higher risk for anaemia housead_2016oct29_354x235.jpg SPH deepens foray in content marketing with BrandInsider relaunch ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Worthington Industries Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Worthington Industries Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ramsey Quantitative Systems Takes Position in USANA Health Sciences, Inc. (USNA) Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) Stake Decreased by Investment Partners Ltd. OH ADV Tailored Brands Inc (TLRD) Stake Lowered by Goelzer Investment Management Inc. Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Shares Bought by Goelzer Investment Management Inc. Lincoln National Corp Purchases 58 Shares of First Financial Bancorp (FFBC) Karp Capital Management Corp Invests $56.514 Million in Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp (NTT) FedEx Co. (FDX) Rating Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc. Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. Everbridge Inc (EVBG) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS 5,882 Shares in InterDigital, Inc. (IDCC) Acquired by Ramsey Quantitative Systems 4,553 Shares in Fair Isaac Co. (FICO) Acquired by Ramsey Quantitative Systems RB Capital Management LLC Has $433,000 Stake in Leidos Holdings, Inc. (LDOS) RB Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Microsemi Co. (MSCC) Guaranty Bancorp (GBNK) is Patriot Financial Partners GP LP’s 2nd Largest Position Patriot Financial Partners GP LP Has $3,445,000 Stake in Porter Bancorp, Inc. (PBIB) Green Bancorp Inc (GNBC) Shares Bought by Patriot Financial Partners GP LP Versartis Inc (VSAR) Stake Held by NF Trinity Capital Hong Kong Ltd National Grid plc (NGG) Shares Sold by Allegis Investment Advisors LLC $4 Billion in Sales Expected for PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC) This Quarter CompX International Inc. (CIX) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) Stake Decreased by Investment Partners Ltd. OH ADV May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Investment Partners Ltd. OH ADV cut its stake in Worthington Industries, Inc. (NYSE:WOR) by 16.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 7,854 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 1,529 shares during the period. Investment Partners Ltd. OH ADV’s holdings in Worthington Industries were worth $354,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Worthington Industries during the third quarter valued at approximately $6,569,000. First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. boosted its stake in shares of Worthington Industries by 1.7% in the third quarter. First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. now owns 7,566 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $363,000 after buying an additional 127 shares during the period. Capital One National Association boosted its stake in shares of Worthington Industries by 22.8% in the third quarter. Capital One National Association now owns 24,858 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,193,000 after buying an additional 4,614 shares during the period. Huntington National Bank boosted its stake in shares of Worthington Industries by 21.7% in the third quarter. Huntington National Bank now owns 47,622 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $2,287,000 after buying an additional 8,500 shares during the period. Finally, Investment Partners Ltd. OH ADV boosted its stake in shares of Worthington Industries by 99.1% in the third quarter. Investment Partners Ltd. OH ADV now owns 18,654 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $896,000 after buying an additional 9,287 shares during the period. 54.27% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Worthington Industries, Inc. (NYSE:WOR) traded down 0.19% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $42.49. The company had a trading volume of 205,140 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $45.22 and its 200-day moving average price is $49.39. The stock has a market cap of $2.71 billion, a PE ratio of 13.27 and a beta of 1.29. Worthington Industries, Inc. has a 12 month low of $34.21 and a 12 month high of $62.44. Worthington Industries (NYSE:WOR) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, March 29th. The industrial products company reported $0.55 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.64 by $0.09. The company had revenue of $703.40 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $717.26 million. Worthington Industries had a return on equity of 21.45% and a net margin of 7.08%. Worthington Industries’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.46 earnings per share. Equities research analysts forecast that Worthington Industries, Inc. will post $3.17 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 29th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 15th will be paid a $0.20 dividend. This represents a $0.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.88%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 13th. Worthington Industries’s payout ratio is presently 25.64%. WARNING: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/worthington-industries-inc-wor-stake-decreased-by-investment-partners-ltd-oh-adv.html. Several analysts have recently commented on WOR shares. Zacks Investment Research raised Worthington Industries from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $53.00 target price for the company in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Macquarie raised Worthington Industries from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “sell” rating and set a $45.00 price objective on shares of Worthington Industries in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their price objective on Worthington Industries from $48.00 to $46.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. About Worthington Industries Worthington Industries, Inc is a metals manufacturing company, focused on value-added steel processing and manufactured metal products. The Company’s segments include Steel Processing, Pressure Cylinders, Engineered Cabs and Other. The Steel Processing segment buys coils of steel from integrated steel mills and mini-mills, and also toll processes steel for steel mills, end users, service centers and other processors. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WOR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Worthington Industries, Inc. (NYSE:WOR). Receive News & Ratings for Worthington Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Worthington Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Gap Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gap Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 18,548 Shares in Newfield Exploration Co. (NFX) Acquired by Teza Capital Management LLC 8,218 Shares in J2 Global Inc (JCOM) Acquired by Teza Capital Management LLC Teza Capital Management LLC Acquires New Stake in Gap Inc (GPS) Teza Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Aramark (ARMK) Intrust Bank NA Raises Stake in Core Laboratories (CLB) Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC Lowers Stake in Rio Tinto plc (RIO) 14,442 Shares in Regency Centers Corp (REG) Acquired by Teza Capital Management LLC Teza Capital Management LLC Raises Stake in AGNC Investment Corp (AGNC) Rudolph Technologies Inc (RTEC) Shares Sold by Intrust Bank NA Vantiv Inc (VNTV) Shares Bought by Intrust Bank NA Lee Enterprises, Incorporated (LEE) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.13 EPS LSC Communications Inc (LKSD) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.42 EPS Analysts Set $40.00 Price Target for Albireo Pharma, Inc. (ALBO) Intercept Pharmaceuticals (ICPT) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact East West Bancorp (EWBC) Share Price Peoples Financial Services Corp (PFIS) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Astronics Co. (ATRO) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Short Interest in Orthofix International NV (OFIX) Declines By 8.1% Meet Group Inc (MEET) Shares Sold by Acrospire Investment Management LLC Alliance Holdings GP, L.P. (AHGP) Shares Sold by Acrospire Investment Management LLC Teza Capital Management LLC Acquires New Stake in Gap Inc (GPS) May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Teza Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Gap Inc (NYSE:GPS) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm acquired 28,724 shares of the apparel retailer’s stock, valued at approximately $698,000. Several other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of GPS. Affinity Investment Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Gap during the first quarter valued at $4,938,000. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its stake in Gap by 10.2% in the first quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 699,510 shares of the apparel retailer’s stock valued at $16,991,000 after buying an additional 64,574 shares during the last quarter. World Asset Management Inc increased its stake in Gap by 9.4% in the first quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 26,770 shares of the apparel retailer’s stock valued at $650,000 after buying an additional 2,294 shares during the last quarter. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc purchased a new stake in Gap during the first quarter valued at $211,000. Finally, Swiss National Bank increased its stake in Gap by 27.9% in the first quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 847,231 shares of the apparel retailer’s stock valued at $20,579,000 after buying an additional 184,900 shares during the last quarter. 57.87% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Gap Inc (NYSE:GPS) traded down 0.04% during trading on Monday, reaching $26.32. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 4,681,257 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $24.53 and its 200-day moving average is $24.84. The stock has a market cap of $10.52 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.57 and a beta of 0.99. Gap Inc has a 52-week low of $17.00 and a 52-week high of $30.74. Gap (NYSE:GPS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The apparel retailer reported $0.51 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.51. Gap had a net margin of 4.33% and a return on equity of 32.19%. The company had revenue of $4.43 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $4.39 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.57 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that Gap Inc will post $1.99 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 26th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, April 5th were given a $0.23 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, April 3rd. This represents a $0.92 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.50%. Gap’s payout ratio is 55.09%. WARNING: “Teza Capital Management LLC Acquires New Stake in Gap Inc (GPS)” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/teza-capital-management-llc-acquires-new-stake-in-gap-inc-gps.html. GPS has been the subject of several analyst reports. Jefferies Group LLC set a $34.00 price target on Gap and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday. Wolfe Research restated an “outperform” rating and set a $32.00 price target on shares of Gap in a research note on Friday, April 28th. TheStreet upgraded Gap from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 20th. Vetr cut Gap from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $24.84 price objective for the company. in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Gap from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their price objective for the stock from $21.00 to $24.00 in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twenty-five have given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $25.12. In other Gap news, insider Andi Owen sold 38,278 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $23.97, for a total transaction of $917,523.66. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 30,778 shares in the company, valued at $737,748.66. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Robert J. Fisher sold 500,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $24.58, for a total transaction of $12,290,000.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 8,867,728 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $217,968,754.24. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 30.00% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Gap Company Profile The Gap, Inc (Gap Inc) is an apparel retail company. The Company offers apparel, accessories and personal care products for men, women and children under the Gap, Banana Republic, Old Navy, Athleta and Intermix brands. Its products are available to customers online through Company-owned Websites and through the use of third-parties that provide logistics and fulfillment services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GPS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Gap Inc (NYSE:GPS). Receive News & Ratings for Gap Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gap Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Essent Group Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Essent Group Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Acrospire Investment Management LLC Sells 2,100 Shares of Burlington Stores Inc (BURL) Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Shares Sold by Acrospire Investment Management LLC Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Takes Position in Heartland Financial USA Inc (HTLF) Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Buys New Stake in Aircastle Limited (AYR) Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Buys New Position in State National Companies Inc (SNC) 5,673 Shares in Methode Electronics Inc. (MEI) Acquired by Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Invests $260,000 in TRI Pointe Group Inc (TPH) Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Takes Position in Innoviva Inc (INVA) 5,362 Shares in On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) Acquired by Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Purchases Shares of 5,042 Bank Of The Ozarks Inc (OZRK) Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Invests $281,000 in Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) Ebix Inc (EBIX) Shares Sold by Affinity Investment Advisors LLC 7,526 Shares in Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) Acquired by Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Buys New Stake in New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Decreases Stake in Wabash National Co. (WNC) Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Invests $297,000 in EXACT Sciences Co. (EXAS) Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) Shares Bought by Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Golub Capital BDC Inc (GBDC) Receives $19.50 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set American International Group Inc (AIG) Target Price at $65.22 Sealed Air Corp (SEE) Receives $51.63 Consensus PT from Analysts 7,526 Shares in Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) Acquired by Affinity Investment Advisors LLC May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Affinity Investment Advisors LLC bought a new stake in Essent Group Ltd (NYSE:ESNT) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund bought 7,526 shares of the financial services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $272,000. Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Peregrine Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Essent Group during the third quarter valued at $34,017,000. State Street Corp boosted its position in Essent Group by 57.1% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 2,138,526 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $69,221,000 after buying an additional 777,132 shares during the period. Norges Bank acquired a new position in Essent Group during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $21,161,000. Bamco Inc. NY acquired a new position in Essent Group during the third quarter valued at approximately $16,080,000. Finally, American Century Companies Inc. boosted its position in Essent Group by 20.5% in the first quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 2,623,677 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $94,898,000 after buying an additional 445,823 shares during the period. 85.37% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Essent Group Ltd (NYSE:ESNT) traded down 3.26% during trading on Monday, hitting $34.76. The stock had a trading volume of 1,139,010 shares. The company has a market cap of $3.25 billion, a PE ratio of 13.32 and a beta of 1.19. Essent Group Ltd has a 52 week low of $19.57 and a 52 week high of $39.50. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $36.69 and a 200-day moving average price of $33.34. Essent Group (NYSE:ESNT) last posted its earnings results on Friday, May 5th. The financial services provider reported $0.72 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.69 by $0.03. Essent Group had a net margin of 48.58% and a return on equity of 17.85%. The company had revenue of $127.60 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $126.70 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.52 earnings per share. Essent Group’s quarterly revenue was up 24.5% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that Essent Group Ltd will post $2.94 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “7,526 Shares in Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) Acquired by Affinity Investment Advisors LLC” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/7526-shares-in-essent-group-ltd-esnt-acquired-by-affinity-investment-advisors-llc.html. Several research analysts recently commented on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Essent Group from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $39.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Friday, April 21st. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $40.00 price target on shares of Essent Group in a research note on Friday, April 28th. BTIG Research reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Essent Group in a research note on Sunday, February 12th. Barclays PLC boosted their price target on Essent Group from $40.00 to $43.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Monday. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Essent Group from a “sell” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $39.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $36.29. About Essent Group Essent Group Ltd. is a private mortgage insurance company. The Company is engaged in offering private mortgage insurance and reinsurance for mortgages secured by residential properties located in the United States. Its products and services include mortgage insurance, contract underwriting, and Bermuda-based insurance and reinsurance. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ESNT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Essent Group Ltd (NYSE:ESNT). Receive News & Ratings for Essent Group Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Essent Group Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Solar Senior Capital Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Senior Capital Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Solar Senior Capital Ltd (SUNS) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.35 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Set $6.55 Price Target for Pure Cycle Co. (PCYO) Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.04 EPS -$0.28 Earnings Per Share Expected for AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc (ACRX) This Quarter Brokerages Anticipate Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) to Announce $0.54 Earnings Per Share Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Raises Stake in Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Exactech, Inc. (EXAC) Stake Held by Teton Advisors Inc. MSG Networks Inc (MSGN) Shares Sold by Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Decreases Position in IDEX Co. (IEX) Teton Advisors Inc. Raises Position in Modine Manufacturing Co. (MOD) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Has $180.537 Million Position in National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Position Maintained by Teton Advisors Inc. Gabelli Funds LLC Boosts Position in CNH Industrial NV (CNHI) Gabelli Funds LLC Sells 23,000 Shares of Dana Inc (DAN) Teton Advisors Inc. Has $5,208,000 Stake in Internap Corp (INAP) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Lowers Position in Myers Industries, Inc. (MYE) Teton Advisors Inc. Continues to Hold Position in SJW Group (SJW) Teton Advisors Inc. Has $4,428,000 Stake in HC2 Holdings Inc (HCHC) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Lowers Position in Post Holdings Inc (POST) PetroChina Company Limited (PTR) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Solar Senior Capital Ltd (SUNS) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.35 Per Share May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages expect Solar Senior Capital Ltd (NASDAQ:SUNS) to announce $0.35 earnings per share for the current quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Two analysts have made estimates for Solar Senior Capital’s earnings. Solar Senior Capital posted earnings per share of $0.36 in the same quarter last year, which would suggest a negative year-over-year growth rate of 2.8%. The company is expected to announce its next earnings results on Tuesday, August 1st. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Solar Senior Capital will report full-year earnings of $1.41 per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.40 to $1.42. For the next year, analysts expect that the company will post earnings of $1.43 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.41 to $1.45. Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share averages are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side research analysts that cover Solar Senior Capital. Solar Senior Capital (NASDAQ:SUNS) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The asset manager reported $0.35 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.35. The firm had revenue of $7.50 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.96 million. Solar Senior Capital had a return on equity of 7.94% and a net margin of 52.81%. Several research analysts have issued reports on SUNS shares. Maxim Group reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $18.50 price objective on shares of Solar Senior Capital in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Solar Senior Capital from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Friday. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $17.88. Shares of Solar Senior Capital (NASDAQ:SUNS) traded up 0.45% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $17.85. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 34,058 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average of $17.93 and a 200-day moving average of $16.97. Solar Senior Capital has a 12 month low of $15.06 and a 12 month high of $18.46. The company also recently disclosed a monthly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be issued a dividend of $0.117 per share. This represents a $1.40 annualized dividend and a yield of 7.87%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, May 16th. Solar Senior Capital’s dividend payout ratio is 120.51%. In other news, insider Michael S. Gross acquired 14,438 shares of Solar Senior Capital stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were purchased at an average price of $17.57 per share, with a total value of $253,675.66. Following the acquisition, the insider now owns 231,608 shares in the company, valued at $4,069,352.56. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. 7.50% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Ares Management LLC purchased a new position in Solar Senior Capital during the third quarter valued at about $3,745,000. Clough Capital Partners L P increased its position in Solar Senior Capital by 14.9% in the fourth quarter. Clough Capital Partners L P now owns 335,378 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $5,514,000 after buying an additional 43,378 shares in the last quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC increased its position in Solar Senior Capital by 27.7% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 131,647 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $2,164,000 after buying an additional 28,535 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Solar Senior Capital by 74.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 312,388 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $5,063,000 after buying an additional 133,409 shares in the last quarter. Finally, UBS Group AG increased its position in Solar Senior Capital by 37.8% in the third quarter. UBS Group AG now owns 298,854 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $4,845,000 after buying an additional 82,041 shares in the last quarter. 28.01% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Solar Senior Capital Ltd (SUNS) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.35 Per Share” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/solar-senior-capital-ltd-suns-expected-to-post-earnings-of-0-35-per-share.html. About Solar Senior Capital Solar Senior Capital Ltd. is a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified management investment company. The Company’s investment objective is to seek to maximize current income consistent with the preservation of capital. The Company seeks to achieve its investment objective by directly and indirectly investing in senior loans, including first lien, unitranche, and second lien debt instruments, made to private middle-market companies whose debt is rated below investment grade, which it refers to collectively as senior loans. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Solar Senior Capital (SUNS) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Solar Senior Capital Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Senior Capital Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Credit Suisse Group AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Credit Suisse Group AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News World Asset Management Inc Boosts Position in Koninklijke Philips NV (PHG) Altra Industrial Motion Corp (AIMC) Position Lowered by Connable Office Inc. Trust Co. of Virginia VA Takes Position in Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) World Asset Management Inc Has $1.658 Million Position in Korea Electric Power Co. (KEP) Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Position Maintained by Staley Capital Advisers Inc. Masonite International Corp (DOOR) Stake Held by Connable Office Inc. Morse Asset Management Inc Buys New Stake in Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) World Asset Management Inc Has $1.923 Million Stake in Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) Connable Office Inc. Has $295,000 Position in Cabot Corp (CBT) Connable Office Inc. Has $284,000 Stake in United Fire Group, Inc. (UFCS) World Asset Management Inc Acquires 1,765 Shares of Manulife Financial Co. (MFC) West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. (WST) Stake Decreased by Connable Office Inc. World Asset Management Inc Acquires 2,045 Shares of Infosys Ltd (INFY) Manchester United PLC (MANU) Stake Held by Connable Office Inc. HD Supply Holdings Inc (HDS) Shares Sold by Connable Office Inc. Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Receives GBX 1,604.53 Average Target Price from Brokerages RPM International Inc. (RPM) Receives $59.25 Average Target Price from Analysts US Foods Holding Corp (USFD) Receives $28.61 Average Price Target from Brokerages Kosmos Energy Ltd (KOS) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Gildan Activewear (GIL) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Study Finds World Asset Management Inc Has $1.923 Million Stake in Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet World Asset Management Inc increased its stake in Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) by 2.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 129,553 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 3,475 shares during the period. World Asset Management Inc’s holdings in Credit Suisse Group AG were worth $1,923,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of CS. Allianz Asset Management AG acquired a new position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the fourth quarter worth approximately $38,160,000. Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG by 137.4% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 4,022,688 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $57,565,000 after buying an additional 2,328,530 shares during the period. Dodge & Cox acquired a new position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the fourth quarter worth approximately $13,496,000. Eaton Vance Management raised its position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG by 93.4% in the third quarter. Eaton Vance Management now owns 1,946,441 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $25,576,000 after buying an additional 939,896 shares during the period. Finally, Quadrature Capital Ltd raised its position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG by 3,150.2% in the fourth quarter. Quadrature Capital Ltd now owns 586,960 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $8,394,000 after buying an additional 568,901 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 2.25% of the company’s stock. Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) traded down 1.70% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $14.81. The stock had a trading volume of 4,117,466 shares. Credit Suisse Group AG has a one year low of $10.01 and a one year high of $16.17. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $14.87 and its 200 day moving average price is $14.78. The firm’s market capitalization is $30.86 billion. Credit Suisse Group AG also was the target of unusually large options trading on Friday. Stock traders acquired 18,730 call options on the stock. This is an increase of 943% compared to the average daily volume of 1,795 call options. Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The financial services provider reported $0.31 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.24 by $0.07. The business had revenue of $5.51 billion during the quarter. Credit Suisse Group AG had a negative return on equity of 4.12% and a negative net margin of 27.07%. Analysts forecast that Credit Suisse Group AG will post $1.08 EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared an annual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Wednesday, May 10th will be issued a dividend of $0.7042 per share. The ex-dividend date is Monday, May 8th. This represents a yield of 4.6%. Credit Suisse Group AG’s payout ratio is currently -21.43%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/world-asset-management-inc-has-1-923-million-stake-in-credit-suisse-group-ag-cs.html. A number of brokerages have recently commented on CS. Citigroup Inc reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Credit Suisse Group AG in a report on Friday, January 27th. Macquarie lowered Credit Suisse Group AG from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Credit Suisse Group AG in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Morgan Stanley upgraded Credit Suisse Group AG from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods upgraded Credit Suisse Group AG from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $16.00. About Credit Suisse Group AG Credit Suisse Group AG (Credit Suisse) is a financial services company. The Company’s segments include Swiss Universal Bank, International Wealth Management, Asia Pacific, Global Markets, Investment Banking & Capital Markets, Strategic Resolution Unit and Corporate Center. It offers a range of private banking and wealth management solutions to its clients in its Swiss Universal Bank, International Wealth Management and Asia Pacific divisions. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS). Receive News & Ratings for Credit Suisse Group AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Credit Suisse Group AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Encana Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Encana Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Encana Corp (ECA) CEO Douglas James Suttles Acquires 1,000 Shares EQ Inc (EQ) Insider Tyler Hanson Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock EQ Inc (EQ) Insider Tyler Hanson Sells 96,000 Shares of Stock Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Shares Bought by Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Stake Held by Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $4.126 Million Position in Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Cuts Position in Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) American Assets Investment Management LLC Has $1.288 Million Position in Macerich Co (MAC) Van Berkom & Associates Inc. Has $5,272,000 Position in Ctrip.Com International Ltd (CTRP) W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Stake Held by Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. 8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD) Shares Bought by Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Shares Bought by Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $4.126 Million Position in Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Cuts Position in Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) Van Berkom & Associates Inc. Has $5,272,000 Position in Ctrip.Com International Ltd (CTRP) American Assets Investment Management LLC Has $1.288 Million Position in Macerich Co (MAC) Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. (JKHY) Shares Bought by Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. Snyder's-Lance Inc (LNCE) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) Issues Earnings Results Arconic Inc (ARNC) Receives $25.59 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Encana Corp (ECA) CEO Douglas James Suttles Acquires 1,000 Shares May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) (TSE:ECA) CEO Douglas James Suttles bought 1,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 4th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $10.34 per share, for a total transaction of $10,340.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 73,212 shares in the company, valued at approximately $757,012.08. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Douglas James Suttles also recently made the following trade(s): On Thursday, March 9th, Douglas James Suttles acquired 1,000 shares of Encana Corp stock. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $10.37 per share, with a total value of $10,370.00. On Thursday, February 23rd, Douglas James Suttles acquired 2,000 shares of Encana Corp stock. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $11.36 per share, with a total value of $22,720.00. Shares of Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) traded up 1.64% on Monday, hitting $11.14. The stock had a trading volume of 5,175,162 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average is $11.14 and its 200 day moving average is $11.67. Encana Corp has a one year low of $5.89 and a one year high of $13.85. The stock’s market cap is $10.84 billion. Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The oil and gas company reported $0.11 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.03 by $0.08. Encana Corp had a negative net margin of 40.77% and a positive return on equity of 1.79%. The firm had revenue of $1.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $789.49 million. During the same quarter last year, the business earned ($0.15) earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that Encana Corp will post $0.35 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 15th will be given a dividend of $0.015 per share. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, June 13th. This represents a $0.06 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.54%. Encana Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently -3.97%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/encana-corp-eca-ceo-douglas-james-suttles-acquires-1000-shares.html. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Lone Pine Capital LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Encana Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $245,230,000. FMR LLC raised its stake in shares of Encana Corp by 739.9% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 20,771,231 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $243,813,000 after buying an additional 18,298,176 shares during the period. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Encana Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $113,848,000. Contrarius Investment Management Ltd purchased a new stake in shares of Encana Corp during the third quarter worth about $60,448,000. Finally, Guardian Capital LP purchased a new stake in shares of Encana Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $53,700,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 64.57% of the company’s stock. ECA has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. GMP Securities restated a “hold” rating and issued a $13.25 target price on shares of Encana Corp in a research note on Friday, March 31st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “strong-buy” rating on shares of Encana Corp in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. TD Securities cut Encana Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Vetr upgraded Encana Corp from a “sell” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $16.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, Desjardins restated a “hold” rating and set a $13.75 target price on shares of Encana Corp in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating, thirteen have issued a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $13.83. About Encana Corp Encana Corporation is an energy producer that is focused on developing its multi-basin portfolio of natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids (NGLs) producing plays. The Company’s operations also include the marketing of natural gas, oil and NGLs. All of its reserves and production are located in North America. Receive News & Ratings for Encana Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Encana Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Worthington Industries Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Worthington Industries Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Crawford Investment Counsel Inc. Has $281,000 Stake in Sun Communities Inc (SUI) Carnick & Kubik Group LLC Cuts Stake in People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Liberty Global plc – Class C (LBTYK) Stake Raised by Swiss National Bank Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) Shares Sold by Smith Asset Management Group LP Smith Asset Management Group LP Acquires 54,830 Shares of A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) Main Street Capital Co. (MAIN) Earns Hold Rating from FBR & Co Darling Ingredients’ (DAR) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (PBH) Coverage Initiated at DA Davidson Equity Commonwealth (EQC) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Profire Energy (PFIE) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Omeros (OMER) Getting Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Study Shows Encana Corp (ECA) CEO Douglas James Suttles Acquires 1,000 Shares EQ Inc (EQ) Insider Tyler Hanson Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock EQ Inc (EQ) Insider Tyler Hanson Sells 96,000 Shares of Stock Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Shares Bought by Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Stake Held by Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $4.126 Million Position in Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Cuts Position in Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) American Assets Investment Management LLC Has $1.288 Million Position in Macerich Co (MAC) Van Berkom & Associates Inc. Has $5,272,000 Position in Ctrip.Com International Ltd (CTRP) Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) Shares Sold by Smith Asset Management Group LP May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Smith Asset Management Group LP cut its position in Worthington Industries, Inc. (NYSE:WOR) by 25.8% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 29,530 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 10,280 shares during the period. Smith Asset Management Group LP’s holdings in Worthington Industries were worth $1,332,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Tyers Asset Management LLC purchased a new stake in Worthington Industries during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $110,000. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. purchased a new stake in Worthington Industries during the third quarter valued at approximately $130,000. Riverhead Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Worthington Industries by 218.2% in the third quarter. Riverhead Capital Management LLC now owns 2,800 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $134,000 after buying an additional 1,920 shares in the last quarter. Flinton Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in Worthington Industries during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $134,000. Finally, LS Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in Worthington Industries by 5.1% in the third quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 2,837 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 138 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 54.27% of the company’s stock. Worthington Industries, Inc. (NYSE:WOR) traded down 0.19% on Monday, reaching $42.49. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 205,140 shares. Worthington Industries, Inc. has a 12-month low of $34.21 and a 12-month high of $62.44. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $45.22 and its 200-day moving average price is $49.39. The stock has a market cap of $2.71 billion, a PE ratio of 13.27 and a beta of 1.29. Worthington Industries (NYSE:WOR) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, March 29th. The industrial products company reported $0.55 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.64 by $0.09. Worthington Industries had a return on equity of 21.45% and a net margin of 7.08%. The firm had revenue of $703.40 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $717.26 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.46 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 8.7% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts expect that Worthington Industries, Inc. will post $3.17 EPS for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 29th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 15th will be given a dividend of $0.20 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 13th. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.88%. Worthington Industries’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 25.64%. WARNING: This story was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/worthington-industries-inc-wor-shares-sold-by-smith-asset-management-group-lp.html. WOR has been the subject of several recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Worthington Industries from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $53.00 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Jefferies Group LLC upgraded Worthington Industries from an “underperform” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $45.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Macquarie upgraded Worthington Industries from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their price target on Worthington Industries from $48.00 to $46.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Worthington Industries Company Profile Worthington Industries, Inc is a metals manufacturing company, focused on value-added steel processing and manufactured metal products. The Company’s segments include Steel Processing, Pressure Cylinders, Engineered Cabs and Other. The Steel Processing segment buys coils of steel from integrated steel mills and mini-mills, and also toll processes steel for steel mills, end users, service centers and other processors. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WOR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Worthington Industries, Inc. (NYSE:WOR). Receive News & Ratings for Worthington Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Worthington Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunge Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Asset Management Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $24.723 Million Stake in Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc (PTLA) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Raises Stake in athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $26.123 Million Position in TIM Participacoes SA (TSU) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $27.215 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Maintains Position in Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Buys 112,062 Shares of Solaredge Technologies Inc (SEDG) TESARO Inc (TSRO) Position Cut by Handelsbanken Fonder AB Handelsbanken Fonder AB Purchases 21,496 Shares of First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Continues to Hold Position in Aramark (ARMK) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Acquires New Position in Weibo Corp (WB) Fibria Celulose SA (FBR) Stake Cut by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Handelsbanken Fonder AB Purchases New Position in Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Takes Position in Momo Inc (MOMO) Wayfair Inc (W) Insider Sells $73,125.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Vereit Inc (VER) Insider Buys 10,000 Shares of Stock Arnold Klassen Purchases 10,000 Shares of Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd (KL) Stock Talen Energy Corp (TLN) Debt Trading 1.3% Higher Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Hope Bancorp Inc (HOPE) to Announce $0.33 Earnings Per Share Analysts Anticipate Plug Power Inc (PLUG) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.07 Per Share Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $27.215 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Pictet Asset Management Ltd. increased its stake in Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) by 1.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 343,364 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after buying an additional 5,438 shares during the period. Pictet Asset Management Ltd. owned approximately 0.25% of Bunge worth $27,215,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of BG. Sunbelt Securities Inc. acquired a new position in Bunge during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $144,000. Sciencast Management LP acquired a new position in Bunge during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $208,000. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. acquired a new position in Bunge during the first quarter valued at approximately $212,000. Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. boosted its position in Bunge by 846.2% in the first quarter. Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. now owns 2,952 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $234,000 after buying an additional 2,640 shares during the period. Finally, Stephens Inc. AR boosted its position in Bunge by 6.2% in the third quarter. Stephens Inc. AR now owns 4,070 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $241,000 after buying an additional 237 shares during the period. 78.49% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) traded up 0.69% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $70.01. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,537,887 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $9.83 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.58 and a beta of 1.04. Bunge Ltd has a 12 month low of $56.69 and a 12 month high of $82.66. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $77.60 and a 200 day moving average price of $72.57. Bunge (NYSE:BG) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The basic materials company reported $0.35 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.68 by $0.33. Bunge had a return on equity of 10.38% and a net margin of 1.58%. The firm had revenue of $11.12 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.96 billion. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.41 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 24.7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Bunge Ltd will post $6.12 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 19th will be paid a dividend of $0.42 per share. This represents a $1.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.40%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 17th. Bunge’s dividend payout ratio is 37.75%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $27.215 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/pictet-asset-management-ltd-has-27-215-million-stake-in-bunge-ltd-bg.html. Several research analysts recently commented on BG shares. Zacks Investment Research cut Bunge from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $85.00 price target on Bunge and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut Bunge from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $88.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Monday, March 20th. BMO Capital Markets reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Bunge in a research note on Friday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Bunge from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $70.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $76.14. In other Bunge news, insider David Kabbes sold 593 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.95, for a total transaction of $47,410.35. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 5,507 shares in the company, valued at $440,284.65. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, CEO Soren Schroder sold 12,532 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.01, for a total transaction of $1,002,685.32. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 69,140 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,531,891.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 1.27% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Bunge Company Profile Bunge Limited is an agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm field to consumer foods. The Company operates through five segments: Agribusiness, Edible Oil Products, Milling Products, Sugar and Bioenergy, and Fertilizer. Its Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business involved in the purchase, storage, transport, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG). Receive News & Ratings for Bunge Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Getty Realty Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Getty Realty Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Renaissance Group LLC Invests $343,000 in At Home Group Inc (HOME) Maiden Holdings, Ltd. (MHLD) Shares Bought by Renaissance Group LLC Renaissance Group LLC Purchases 13 Shares of Deluxe Co. (DLX) Renaissance Group LLC Acquires Shares of 14,422 Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Orchid Island Capital (ORC) Share Price Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Very Likely to Affect Royal Gold (RGLD) Stock Price Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Affect Dow Chemical (DOW) Stock Price OMNOVA Solutions (OMN) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.11 General Finance (GFN) Earning Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Somewhat Critical Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Fly Leasing (FLY) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect ONEOK (OKE) Share Price Insider Buying: SunCoke Energy Partners LP (SXCP) Major Shareholder Purchases 46,198 Shares of Stock Rockwell Automation (ROK) Insider Theodore D. Crandall Sells 3,563 Shares Pinnacle West Capital Co. (PNW) CFO James R. Hatfield Sells 10,000 Shares InfraREIT Inc (HIFR) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.03 EPS Infineon Technologies AG (IFNNY) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Communications Systems, Inc. (JCS) Posts Earnings Results Hyatt Hotels Co. (H) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.49 EPS Motorola Solutions Inc (MSI) Announces Earnings Results LCI Industries (LCII) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.05 EPS Renaissance Group LLC Acquires Shares of 14,422 Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Renaissance Group LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Getty Realty Corp. (NYSE:GTY) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund acquired 14,422 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock, valued at approximately $364,000. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of GTY. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan raised its position in Getty Realty Corp. by 1.7% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 5,838 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $140,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System raised its position in Getty Realty Corp. by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System now owns 46,009 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1,173,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the last quarter. James Investment Research Inc. raised its position in Getty Realty Corp. by 0.5% in the first quarter. James Investment Research Inc. now owns 56,450 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1,426,000 after buying an additional 280 shares during the last quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System raised its position in Getty Realty Corp. by 2.8% in the first quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 10,963 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $277,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. raised its position in Getty Realty Corp. by 2.5% in the third quarter. Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 16,678 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $399,000 after buying an additional 409 shares during the last quarter. 56.64% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Getty Realty Corp. (NYSE:GTY) traded down 0.78% on Monday, hitting $25.30. 103,639 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $874.70 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.55 and a beta of 0.51. Getty Realty Corp. has a 12-month low of $19.44 and a 12-month high of $26.71. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $25.75 and its 200-day moving average price is $24.99. Getty Realty Corp. (NYSE:GTY) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, March 1st. The real estate investment trust reported $0.43 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.41 by $0.02. Getty Realty Corp. had a net margin of 43.33% and a return on equity of 12.35%. The company earned $29.70 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24 million. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.68 earnings per share. Getty Realty Corp.’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Getty Realty Corp. will post $1.08 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 6th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 22nd will be given a $0.28 dividend. This represents a $1.12 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.43%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, June 20th. Getty Realty Corp.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 75.68%. WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/renaissance-group-llc-acquires-shares-of-14422-getty-realty-corp-gty.html. Several research analysts have recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Getty Realty Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $28.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their price objective on shares of Getty Realty Corp. from $16.00 to $20.00 and gave the company an “underweight” rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. About Getty Realty Corp. Getty Realty Corp. is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company specializes in the ownership, leasing and financing of convenience store and gasoline station properties. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s 829 properties were located in 23 states across the United States and Washington, District of Columbia. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GTY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Getty Realty Corp. (NYSE:GTY). Receive News & Ratings for Getty Realty Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Getty Realty Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
