Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aviva plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canaccord Genuity Upgrades Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGH) to “Buy” Jefferies Group Weighs in on Cabot Corp’s Q3 2017 Earnings (CBT) Paul Emery Bourque Acquires 50,000 Shares of ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Stock Joshua Aron Wylie Sells 36,274 Shares of Blackbird Energy Inc (BBI) Stock Insider Buying: Ascendant Resources Inc (ASND) Director Buys C$19,600.00 in Stock Christopher Michael Heath Buys 200,000 Shares of Morgan Stanley Commodity Related Equity Index Final Settlement Value (CXV) Stock Stephen Cotton Sells 4,415 Shares of Aqua Metals Inc (AQMS) Stock Frederick W. Driscoll Sells 3,000 Shares of Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Stock Antonio Ciciretto Purchases 10,000 Shares of TeraGo Inc. (TGO) Stock Barry Lee James Acquires 1,895 Shares of AutoCanada Inc. (ACQ) Stock Veracyte Inc (VCYT) Chairman Sells $45,450.00 in Stock Insider Selling: ORBCOMM Inc (ORBC) CEO Sells $13,504.01 in Stock Insider Selling: PHI Inc. (PHIIK) Insider Sells $89,182.50 in Stock Vetr Inc. Lowers Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) to Buy First Internet Bancorp (INBK) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research SENIOR GBP0.10 (SNIRF) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical’s (RARE) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at Tudor Pickering D-Box Technologies Inc. (DBO) Insider Sells C$16,400.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Absolute Software (ABT) Insider Purchases C$13,191.15 in Stock Aviva plc (AV) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their overweight rating on shares of Aviva plc (LON:AV) in a research note published on Wednesday morning. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a GBX 589 ($7.40) target price on the stock. Other research analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Barclays PLC restated a buy rating and set a GBX 515 ($6.47) target price on shares of Aviva plc in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a buy rating and set a GBX 525 ($6.60) target price on shares of Aviva plc in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Royal Bank of Canada boosted their target price on shares of Aviva plc from GBX 520 ($6.54) to GBX 540 ($6.79) and gave the company an outperform rating in a research report on Friday, March 17th. HSBC Holdings plc restated a hold rating and set a GBX 500 ($6.28) target price on shares of Aviva plc in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG restated a buy rating and set a GBX 515 ($6.47) target price on shares of Aviva plc in a research report on Monday, December 19th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of GBX 528.07 ($6.64). Aviva plc (LON:AV) opened at 523.00 on Wednesday. The stock’s market cap is GBX 21.22 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 515.29 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 473.97. Aviva plc has a 12 month low of GBX 290.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 570.50. WARNING: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/aviva-plc-av-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In related news, insider Adrian Montague bought 9,303 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 9th. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 535 ($6.72) per share, with a total value of £49,771.05 ($62,550.02). Also, insider Andrew Briggs sold 6,562 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 530 ($6.66), for a total transaction of £34,778.60 ($43,708.18). In the last quarter, insiders acquired 9,363 shares of company stock valued at $5,007,647. Aviva plc Company Profile Aviva plc is the holding company of the Aviva Group. The Company provides customers with long-term insurance and savings, general and health insurance, and fund management products and services. The Company’s segments include UK & Ireland; France; Poland; Italy, Spain and Other; Canada; Asia, and Aviva Investors. Receive News & Ratings for Aviva plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Stocks Stocks Dow 30 NASDAQ 100 IQ 100 Sectors JPMorgan: A Le Pen loss will be a win for European equities Leslie Shaffer | @LeslieShaffer1 15 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Pascal Le Segretain | Getty Images Marine Le Pen If far right French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen loses the election, it will spur a "significant" surge of inflows into European stocks, JPMorgan said in a note Monday. How significant? JPMorgan estimated that a Le Pen loss will see at least 10 percent of assets under management flow back into the region's stock markets. It noted that since the beginning of 2016, around $100 billion has flowed out of the segment, according to EPFR data, marking up a loss of nearly 10 percent of assets under management. "We believe that these flows at least could come back into the region, should political uncertainty fade, in addition to any potential new net inflows," JPMorgan said. Some opinion polls have shown that Le Pen, leader of the far right, anti-European Union, anti-immigrant National Front party, could be a top pick in the first round of voting in France's presidential election on April 23. A healthy majority of analysts and experts believe Le Pen, who wants to pull France out of the euro zone, won't win the second round of voting on May 7 if she makes it past the first. But fears abound over a potential dark horse Le Pen victory, in line with political surprises such as Brexit and Donald Trump's U.S. presidential win. That's spurred concerns of a potential French exit from the euro zone, dubbed Frexit, and even a possible breakup of the bloc. While JPMorgan noted that any "Le Pen loss" lap of inflows was likely to boost the euro, it didn't expect that would weigh on European stocks, which have benefited from a weaker currency. "We think a stronger euro would not be an impediment for regional equities and, in fact, believe the euro will turn positively correlated to euro zone equities, no matter the election outcome," it said. It noted that the euro is typically seen as a vote of confidence in the region. JPMorgan viewed a victory by either of the other two front-runners, Francois Fillon and Emmanuel Macron, as likely to spur a market rally. "Both are in favor of lower taxes, reduced public spending, and improved EU integration and are supportive of free trade,' it said. "France ranks poorly on many fiscal and growth metrics and could benefit from ambitious structural reforms." But the bank noted that while it considered a Le Pen victory unlikely, it wasn't out of the realm of possibility. JPMorgan considered a Le Pen win and euro zone breakup fears would have a similar impact on markets as the 2011-12 European debt crisis, when around 20-25 percent of assets under management flowed out of European equities. If Le Pen wins, JPMorgan estimated that Eurozone equities could potentially fall nearly 20 percent, with the potential for a 10 percent earnings projection downgrade from its base case. It also estimated the euro would fall to $0.98, compared with current levels of around $1.0860 The bank's base case is for the euro to rise to $1.15 by year-end following a Macron or Fillon victory. —Craig Dale contributed to this article. —By CNBC.Com's Leslie Shaffer; Follow her on Twitter @LeslieShaffer1 Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Leslie ShafferSenior Writer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change EUR/USD ---
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1: Original content, revamped apps, more Beats, live events & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: A spring iPad event now seems unlikely, but that 10.5-inch iPad is probably still real Trending in Apple Opinion: The new low-cost iPad is further evidence of a new approach to Apple’s pricing Trending in Apple What’s next for Siri: Apple’s advantage for its Echo/Google Home competitor Trending in Apple Comment: I’m wondering whether even Apple could pull off smart glasses we’d actually want to wear Trending in Apple Roundup: Here’s everything we currently know about the new iPads coming this year Yesterday AAPL: 140.88 0.24 Analyst: Higher iPhone 8 price to help control high demand for new camera features & design, offset BOM Greg Barbosa - Mar. 27th 2017 1:28 pm PT @gregbarbosa iPhone 8 Lytro iPhone PRO JPMorgan View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit A new analysis shared today by Business Insider from JP Morgan’s Rod Hall shows further proof that an iPhone ‘supercycle’ is imminent. A larger than normal amount of users on older generation models are expected to finally upgrade to Apple’s newest device later this year. In Hall’s analysis today, he believes the new iPhone 8 is expected to have a higher price point helping to curb some of the device’s inevitable high demand. Hall believes features like wireless charging, a larger display, and improved camera tech will convince those lagging behind to finally upgrade. Hall’s analysis is that Apple will be pushing for a higher priced iPhone to capitalize on the users who have waited to upgrade. JP Morgan’s current estimates show the average age of iPhones currently in use is 6.4 quarters old, roughly about a year and half. The current iPhone 7 starts at $649, and depending on size and capacity reaches up to $969. Hall’s predicted “iPhone Pro” will roughly cost $65 more than the iPhone 7 to produce. With a much higher selling price and minimal increased production cost, Apple has the potential to increase its smartphone profit margin. He believes the “iPhone Pro” will account for 41% of the total iPhone shipments in this year’s Q4. Hall expects the iPhone Pro, with 5.85-inch screen to have: an “edge-to edge” OLED display a new camera that enables focusing of pictures after they’ve been taken a front-facing 3D scanner for facial recognition and effects wireless charging potential removal of fingerprint sensing a glass front and back The analysis also shared how Apple would be able to increase the display size without increasing the phone’s actual size. The 5.5-inch Plus sized device may see an increase in display size, but Hall believes Apple held off increasing the display size on the standard 4.7-inch devices for 2017. We’ve discussed KGI’s report on the ‘revolutionary’ front camera, but the idea of re-focusing pictures after they’ve been taken is a recent resurrection. In a book released years ago, Adam Lashinsky explained that Jobs made an effort to meet Lytro’s CEO. Lytro, a photography company, is best known for their light field cameras that allow images to have their focal points re-fixed after the photos have been taken. Hall’s analysis today seems to revive an idea we haven’t heard of in quite some time. Introducing a new camera that follows Lytro’s technology, might mean Apple has the chance to remove the second camera introduced with the iPhone 7 Plus. The introduction of Portrait Mode on the 7 Plus shows just how much Apple can do with software and a new Lytro-like camera module would fall in line with that. While he believes Apple may be putting a focus on the iPhone Pro, he also expects updated versions of the current iPhone 7 and 7 Plus models. In his expectations he lists: wireless charging, a glass front and back, potentially improved camera, and maybe 3D scanning. Greg Barbosa @gregbarbosa Greg Barbosa is the Product Manager at Electrek, 9to5Google, 9to5Mac, and 9to5Toys and a writer for 9to5Mac. Favorite Gear iPhone 7 Plus, 128GB (Jet Black) Peel iPhone 7 Plus Case 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (2.9GHz i7, 16GB RAM, Radeon Pro 460, 1TB storage) Guides iPhone 8 View THe Guide Lytro View THe Guide iPhone PRO View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TSLA SQ Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Apple (AAPL) sets new all-time highs >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Snap Inc (SNAP) and United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) AAPL and SNAP get on analysts' good side, while UAL is fed to the Twitter mob over leggings Mar 27, 2017, 7:59 am EDT  |  By Karl Utermohlen, InvestorPlace Writer Get AAPL alerts: Submit     View All   Monday could see the stock markets mired in red ink again as global and domestic traders alike continue to digest not just the failure of House Republicans to push their first major bill — healthcare reform — forward, but also an unrelenting current of new developments in the ongoing investigation between the Trump campaign and the Russian government. This morning, the spotlight moves to Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Snap Inc (NYSE:SNAP), which have some new analyst optimism to boast, as well as United Continental Holdings Inc (NYSE:UAL) … which right now likely wishes it could duck back into the shadows. Here’s what you need to know heading into Monday’s trading: Apple Inc. (AAPL) Apple is on the receiving end of a pair of wins — one on the analyst front, and one in the courts. JPMorgan Chase, which already has an “Overweight” rating on AAPL stock, raised its price target from $142 to $165, implying roughly 18% upside from current prices. The catalyst? JPMorgan sees high pent-up replacement demand at the same time Apple is gearing up to launch a 10th-anniversary iPhone. From analyst Rod Hall: “Our F2018 unit forecast moves up to 260m units from our prior 245m estimate. We also take a detailed look at OLED supply to Apple and conclude that this should not be a limiting factor but probably will keep Apple from making two OLED models. Multiple iPhone “Pro” features including 3D facial scanning, a glass heavy design, and a structured-light-enabled camera look likely to us and should drive users to upgrade phones that are older, on average, than they have been for four years.” JPMorgan also upped its earnings estimates on AAPL from to $11.74 per share in calendar year 2018. Also, over the weekend, a court overturned a 2016 ruling that said Apple violated patent designs of China’s Shenzhen Baili — a now-defunct company that “barely existed” when it sued Apple over the design of its iPhone 6. While Apple faced an early injunction, it has been able to sell phones during the case, and thus the court victory, while encouraging, likely has no serious financial implications. AAPL shares still are threatening to open Monday’s trading lower, along with the rest of the market. United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) United Continental is in hot PR water after refusing to let two passengers on a plane. Two girls traveling from Denver to Minneapolis were wearing leggings when they were refused entry onto a plane. The incident itself was fairly calm, and a group behind the girls even offered clothes to help cover one of the girls to meet compliance. However, social media went ballistic when someone who witnessed the event tweeted it out. United’s initial response was that the company “shall have the right to refuse passengers who are not properly clothed,” though later on, the airline updated its response to note that the policy had to do with a specific perks program. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/3-stocks-to-watch-on-monday-apple-inc-aapl-snap-inc-snap-and-united-continental-holdings-inc-ual/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Now Tencent’s TSLA Stake Is a BIG Buy Signal AMD Gears Up for War Apple Watch Series 3 Could Cut the Cord 3 Bank Stocks You Should Buy on Dips How Much Will AAPL Fall If iPhone 8 Flops? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Right Now The 10 Best ETFs to Buy for the Rest of 2017 3 Bank Stocks to Buy on the Dip 3 Unusual ETFs That Beat the Market 3 ‘Blood in the Streets’ Trades to Make NOW Most Popular The 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Right Now 3 ‘Blood in the Streets’ Trades to Make NOW The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter The 10 Best ETFs to Buy for the Rest of 2017 7 Small-Cap Stocks That Serve Up Big Dividends 3 Bank Stocks to Buy on the Dip Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance St. James's Place plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for St. James's Place plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc. (CVGI) Receives Consensus Rating of “” from Analysts Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (HSII) Given $25.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Given $20.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Achaogen (AKAO) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Golub Capital BDC Inc (GBDC) Upgraded to Outperform at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Insider Buying: Tandy Leather Factory, Inc. (TLF) Director Purchases $193,192.00 in Stock Issuer Direct Corp (ISDR) Major Shareholder Sells $281,080.20 in Stock Anglo American plc (AAL) Insider Purchases £9,189.28 in Stock Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) Shares Bought by Barings LLC Norges Bank Invests $36,989,000 in PAREXEL International Co. (PRXL) Norges Bank Purchases New Position in Life Storage Inc (LSI) Norges Bank Takes Position in Weingarten Realty Investors (WRI) Norges Bank Purchases Shares of 1,580,791 NIC Inc. (EGOV) Norges Bank Invests $37,949,000 in Webster Financial Co. (WBS) 6,666 Shares in Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Acquired by Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Xactly Corp (XTLY) Receives $17.94 Average PT from Brokerages G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. (GIII) Updates FY18 Earnings Guidance Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in DiamondRock Hospitality Company (DRH) St. James's Place plc (STJ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated their overweight rating on shares of St. James's Place plc (LON:STJ) in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a GBX 1,167 ($14.41) price target on the stock. A number of other brokerages also recently commented on STJ. Shore Capital reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of St. James's Place plc in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Numis Securities Ltd downgraded shares of St. James's Place plc to a hold rating and set a GBX 1,065 ($13.15) price target on the stock. in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Panmure Gordon reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 1,274 ($15.73) price target on shares of St. James's Place plc in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Peel Hunt reissued an add rating and issued a GBX 1,175 ($14.51) price target on shares of St. James's Place plc in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Barclays PLC boosted their price target on shares of St. James's Place plc from GBX 1,097 ($13.55) to GBX 1,116 ($13.78) and gave the company an overweight rating in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 1,136.29 ($14.03). Shares of St. James's Place plc (LON:STJ) opened at 1052.00 on Tuesday. St. James's Place plc has a 52 week low of GBX 521.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 1,126.44. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 5.51 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 1,079.59 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 1,005.83. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/st-jamess-place-plc-stj-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a dividend of GBX 20.67 ($0.26) per share. This is an increase from St. James's Place plc’s previous dividend of $12.33. This represents a yield of 1.96%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. In related news, insider David Bellamy sold 407 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 989 ($12.21), for a total transaction of £4,025.23 ($4,971.26). St. James's Place plc Company Profile St. James’s Place plc is a United Kingdom-based company, which provides wealth management advice, investment management and related services to businesses and individuals across the United Kingdom. The Company’s segments include Life business, Unit Trust business, Distribution business and Other. The Company’s Life business segment offers pensions, protection and investment products through its life assurance subsidiaries. Receive News & Ratings for St. James's Place plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for St. James's Place plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In CityView appoints Ochs as IR head and SVP March 22, 2017 By Iris Dorbian Los Angeles-based CityView, an investment management and development firm focused on urban multifamily real estate in the Western and Southwestern U.S., has hired George L. Ochs as a senior vice president and head of investor relations. Previously, Ochs was a managing director at JPMorgan Asset Management. PRESS RELEASE LOS ANGELES–(BUSINESS WIRE)–CityView, an investment management and development firm focused on urban multifamily real estate in the Western and Southwestern United States, announced today that George L. Ochs has joined the firm as Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Ochs will be responsible for continuing to develop and expand CityView’s relationships with the institutional investor community. “We could not be more fortunate to attract someone of George’s caliber to the CityView team,” said Sean Burton, Chief Executive Officer of CityView. “George will be instrumental in strengthening our existing relationships with pension funds, insurance companies and other institutional investors, and work to significantly broaden this base through his network of contacts and experience. This is an opportune time for George to be joining us as there is increasing interest from institutions looking to invest in the multifamily real estate asset class.” Before joining CityView, Ochs was a managing director at JPMorgan Asset Management where he worked in real estate portfolio management, client relationship management and business development across the United States, Europe and the Middle East for almost 20 years. Before JPMorgan, Ochs was a senior vice president at Prudential Financial where he managed the redevelopment of the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey. Ochs holds an Executive Master’s degree from the University of Colorado Denver. Also, Ochs serves as a trustee and chairs the Investment Committee for the Pension Boards – United Church of Christ. He will be based in CityView’s Los Angeles headquarters. “CityView is one of the most active multifamily developers working in densely populated areas on the West coast, Colorado and Texas,” said Ochs. “They have an uncanny ability to source attractive investment opportunities while working closely with the local communities to ensure that each project not only provides much needed housing, but also serves to enhance the neighborhood. I am very excited to join such a successful, dynamic team and be integral to introducing them to a much wider investor base across the U.S.” About CityView CityView is a premier developer and investment management firm focused on urban residential real estate in the Western and Southwestern United States. CityView targets multifamily housing ventures in metropolitan markets which are often overlooked due to the complexity of the transaction and other development challenges. At the center of the firm’s success is its strong professional team which possesses unparalleled expertise in real estate, development, operations and finance. CityView’s investors include some of the largest and most sophisticated public pension plans and financial institutions in the country. CityView was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in Los Angeles. The firm has regional offices in San Francisco and San Antonio, Texas. For more information, please see www.cityview.com. Take your pick! Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.  Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts CD&R-backed Brand and Odyssey-backed Safway to merge by Iris Dorbian Private Equity Jobs of the Week: IAC, StepStone, Barings are hiring by Eamon Murphy Providence Equity to sell PADI for $700 mln: Dow Jones by Luisa Beltran Marlin Equity racks up $3.25 bln for two funds by Iris Dorbian Carlyle acquires Arctic Glacier from H.I.G. by Iris Dorbian Oak Hill Capital to buy Checkers Drive-In Restaurants for $525 mln by Luisa Beltran EQT Mid Market US to acquire Innovyze from Stantec by Iris Dorbian Big data firm Quantexa attracts $3.3 mln by Iris Dorbian © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 March 2017 by Military News Evolent Health, Inc. Announces Launch of Secondary Public Offering of Class A Common Stock WASHINGTON, March 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Evolent Health, Inc. (NYSE: EVH), a company providing an integrated value-based care platform to the nation's leading health systems and physician organizations ("Evolent Health"), today announced the launch of an underwritten secondary public offering of 7,500,000 shares of its Class A common stock to be sold by UPMC, certain affiliates of TPG Global, LLC ("TPG"), The Advisory Board Company and Ptolemy Capital, LLC (together, the "Selling Stockholders"). The underwriters have a 30-day option period to purchase up to 1,125,000 additional shares of Class A common stock from the Selling Stockholders. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Goldman, Sachs & Co. are acting as joint book-running managers and underwriters for the offering.  Neither Evolent Health nor any of its directors, officers or other stockholders is offering any shares of Class A common stock in the offering. Evolent Health will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of Class A common stock by the Selling Stockholders, including from any exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares from the Selling Stockholders. A registration statement (including a base prospectus) relating to these securities has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and has become effective. Before you invest, you should read the base prospectus in that registration statement and other documents filed with the SEC for more complete information about Evolent Health and this offering. You may obtain these documents free of charge by visiting EDGAR on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The offering will be made only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus.  Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the final prospectus supplement, when available, and the accompanying base prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or Goldman, Sachs & Co., Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, or by telephone at (866) 471-2526, facsimile at (212) 902-9316, or email at prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of, these shares of Class A common stock in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. About Evolent Health Evolent Health partners with leading health systems to drive value-based care transformation. By providing clinical, analytical and financial capabilities, Evolent Health helps physicians and health systems achieve superior quality and cost results. Evolent Health's approach breaks down barriers, aligns incentives and powers a new model of care delivery resulting in meaningful alignment between providers, payers, physicians and patients. Forward-Looking Statements – Cautionary Language Certain statements made in this press release and in other written or oral statements made by us or on our behalf are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 ("PSLRA").  A forward-looking statement is a statement that is not a historical fact and, without limitation, includes any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain words like: "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "estimate," "aim," "predict," "potential," "continue," "plan," "project," "will," "should," "shall," "may," "might" and other words or phrases with similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance.  In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, trends in our businesses, prospective services, future performance or financial results and the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings.  We claim the protection afforded by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the PSLRA.  These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events.  Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from the results contained in the forward-looking statements.  Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements.  Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 and other documents filed with the SEC include risk factors that could affect our businesses and financial performance.  Moreover, we operate in a rapidly changing and competitive environment.  New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors. Further, it is not possible to assess the effect of all risk factors on our businesses or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.  Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results.  In addition, we disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date of this press release. SOURCE Evolent Health, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattention, base, Books, commission, Companies, company, Environment, Health, Health Care/Hospitals, Legal, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, Nation, Offerings, private Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Perrigo Completes Divestiture Of Tysabri® Royalty Stream For Up To $2.85 Billion Next PostNext Houston Livestock Show And Rodeo™ Celebrates Record-Breaking Attendance Of More Than 2.6 Million Fans At The 2017 Show Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special 270 Tips to Stop Overpaying Your Taxes (Free Book Offer) Home | Street Talk Tags: Snap | IPO | analyst | coverage Wall Street Is Suddenly Bullish On Snap (Dreamstime/Snap Inc.) Monday, 27 Mar 2017 12:40 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Snap! The maker of Snapchat is enjoying a sudden rush of love from sell-side analysts. Banks including Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co. on Monday issued a raft of 'buy' or 'neutral' ratings on newly-listed Snap Inc. stock. The recommendations follow the expiration of a waiting period that prevented underwriters on the company's $3.1 billion initial public offering earlier this month from publishing research immediately after the listing. Snap stock has since dipped to $23 a share -- below its $24 first-day opening price and an initial 'pop' to $27 a share -- after analysts at firms including Cantor Fitzgerald LP and Pivotal Research Group LLC published downbeat commentary and 'sell' recommendations. The fresh reports take a far more positive view of the photo-messaging application's ability to generate revenue. Including the new targets, 41 percent of Wall Street analysts now rate Snap stock as a 'buy,' while 38 percent have it at 'neutral,' and 21 percent say it's a 'sell,' according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The average price target is $23.67 -- or essentially unchanged from today's level. RBC Capital Markets LLC analyst Mark Mahaney is the most bullish, mainly due to Snap's strong mobile presence. He expects the stock to trade at $31 over the next year.: "Snap has become an innovation leader -- for both consumers and advertisers – in arguably the single fastest advertising medium today -- Mobile. It has also emerged as one of the leading Media Platforms for Millennials. We believe that if it sustains its current level of innovation, it can sustain premium growth for a long time and scale to profitability." Goldman Sachs Group Inc. analyst Heath Terry says Snap offers nearly a 20 percent return over the next 12 months, and is a chance to by "a venture stage investment in the public markets." His price target sits at $27:  "While this clearly carries a higher risk profile, we believe it also comes with higher reward potential. With Snap’s large, valuable, and highly engaged user base generating ad inventory and the monetization path in mobile now well worn, we believe the potential for outperformance as the company continues to innovate against the growing mobile opportunity outweighs those early stage risks." Morgan Stanley's Brian Nowak also issued a buy rating with a $28 price target. He's optimistic on the shares due to the firm's potential to generate a lot of ad revenue: "We believe Snap's millennial audience and differentiated online video ad inventory are in demand by advertisers, and Snap’s growing direct ad sales efforts, recently opened advertising [for third parties], and continued ad unit innovation will pull ad dollars toward their platform." Citigroup Inc. analyst Mark May also issued a buy rating and says the stock will trade up to $27 over the next 12 months due to engagement. He believes the firm could reach more than $13 billion in revenue by 2024: "While user growth and audience scale may remain modest compared with Facebook, the low rate of monetization currently and the high rate of engagement and penetration of Snapchat’s product within its core 13-24 age demo should enable significant revenue growth and margin leverage. " Cowen Group Inc. analyst John Blackledge called Snap a "leading social and messaging service" that should send shares to $26 over the next year: "We expect Daily Active Users to grow 14 percent  annually between 2017 and 2022 coupled with rising advertising monetization of the platform to drive revenue growth and higher incremental margins over time. " © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Snap! The maker of Snapchat is enjoying a sudden rush of love from sell-side analysts. Banks including Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co. on Monday issued a raft of 'buy' or 'neutral' ratings on newly-listed Snap Inc. stock. The... Snap, IPO, analyst, coverage 588 Monday, 27 Mar 2017 12:40 PM 2017-40-27 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Yale's Shiller: Robots Should Be Taxed If They Take People's Jobs Sunday, 26 Mar 2017 | 23 comments Shiller's from Yale. Need we say anything more!Maybe we should go back and... Trump Tantrum Looms on Wall Street If Healthcare Effort Stalls Thursday, 23 Mar 2017 | 17 comments It might create doubt, because if Trump is unable to gain consensus on the... Sears Warns of 'Going Concern' Doubts Wednesday, 22 Mar 2017 | 17 comments I would be sympathetic except that Sears got on the ultra-liberal... Retirement Dreams Fizzle for Some with 'Obamacare' Repeal Wednesday, 22 Mar 2017 | 14 comments I say repeal Obamacare also! But we have been saving a LOT of money by... Trump Creates Office to Bring Business Ideas to Government Tuesday, 28 Mar 2017 | 11 comments Simple solution....convert governmental budgeting to one of ZERO BASED... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novartis AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novartis AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Given a $16.00 Price Target at Scotiabank RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Given a $51.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Given a $156.00 Price Target at Scotiabank ConocoPhillips (COP) Given a $53.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Given a $33.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Wolseley plc (WOS) Plans GBX 36.67 Dividend Card Factory PLC (CARD) to Issue GBX 6.30 Dividend Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) to Issue Dividend Increase – GBX 3.98 Per Share Scotiabank Reiterates $164.00 Price Target for Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Scotiabank Analysts Give Chevron Co. (CVX) a $114.00 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Rice Energy Inc (RICE) a $30.00 Price Target NewCastle Gold Ltd (NCA) Given a C$1.50 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 3,600 Shares ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Director Paul Emery Bourque Purchases 100,000 Shares Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Novartis AG (NVS) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Novartis AG (NYSE:NVS)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reiterated by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report released on Thursday. Several other brokerages have also commented on NVS. Vetr lowered shares of Novartis AG from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $71.49 price target on the stock. in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Liberum Capital started coverage on shares of Novartis AG in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. They issued a “buy” rating on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Novartis AG from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Barclays PLC started coverage on shares of Novartis AG in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. They issued an “underweight” rating on the stock. Finally, Berenberg Bank lowered shares of Novartis AG from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating, five have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $85.87. Novartis AG (NYSE:NVS) opened at 74.37 on Thursday. The firm has a market cap of $176.56 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.56 and a beta of 0.73. Novartis AG has a 52-week low of $66.93 and a 52-week high of $83.58. The company’s 50 day moving average is $75.53 and its 200 day moving average is $74.26. Novartis AG (NYSE:NVS) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The company reported $1.12 EPS for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.12. Novartis AG had a net margin of 13.80% and a return on equity of 15.37%. The firm had revenue of $12.32 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $12.44 billion. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.14 EPS. Novartis AG’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts forecast that Novartis AG will post $4.70 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed an annual dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 3rd. Investors of record on Friday, March 3rd were issued a dividend of $2.327 per share. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 1st. Novartis AG’s dividend payout ratio is currently 82.14%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Novartis AG (NVS) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/novartis-ag-nvs-rating-reiterated-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. increased its stake in shares of Novartis AG by 14.2% in the third quarter. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 159,785 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,617,000 after buying an additional 19,849 shares during the period. Advisory Services Network LLC increased its stake in shares of Novartis AG by 8.8% in the third quarter. Advisory Services Network LLC now owns 5,268 shares of the company’s stock valued at $416,000 after buying an additional 425 shares during the period. Hilton Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Novartis AG by 191.3% in the third quarter. Hilton Capital Management LLC now owns 14,056 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,110,000 after buying an additional 9,231 shares during the period. First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division increased its stake in shares of Novartis AG by 3.5% in the third quarter. First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division now owns 4,758 shares of the company’s stock valued at $376,000 after buying an additional 161 shares during the period. Finally, Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Novartis AG during the third quarter valued at about $658,000. 9.82% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Novartis AG Novartis AG is a holding company, which provides healthcare solutions. The Company is engaged in the research, development, manufacturing and marketing of a range of healthcare products led by pharmaceuticals. The Company’s segments include Innovative Medicines, Sandoz, Alcon and Corporate activities. Receive News & Ratings for Novartis AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novartis AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Wall Street Is Suddenly Bullish On Snap But will it last more than 24 hours? by Julie Verhage @julieverhage More stories by Julie Verhage and Drew Singer @Drew_Singer More stories by Drew Singer March 27, 2017, 8:58 AM EDT Drexel Hamilton Analyst Explains His 'Buy' Rating on Snap Snap! The maker of Snapchat is enjoying a sudden rush of love from sell-side analysts. Banks including Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co. on Monday issued a raft of 'buy' or 'neutral' ratings on newly-listed Snap Inc. stock. The recommendations follow the expiration of a waiting period that prevented underwriters on the company's $3.1 billion initial public offering earlier this month from publishing research immediately after the listing. Snap stock has since dipped to $23 a share -- below its $24 first-day opening price and an initial 'pop' to $27 a share -- after analysts at firms including Cantor Fitzgerald LP and Pivotal Research Group LLC published downbeat commentary and 'sell' recommendations. The fresh reports take a far more positive view of the photo-messaging application's ability to generate revenue. Including the new targets, 41 percent of Wall Street analysts now rate Snap stock as a 'buy,' while 38 percent have it at 'neutral,' and 21 percent say it's a 'sell,' according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The average price target is $23.67 -- or essentially unchanged from today's level. RBC Capital Markets LLC analyst Mark Mahaney is the most bullish, mainly due to Snap's strong mobile presence. He expects the stock to trade at $31 over the next year.: "Snap has become an innovation leader -- for both consumers and advertisers – in arguably the single fastest advertising medium today -- Mobile. It has also emerged as one of the leading Media Platforms for Millennials. We believe that if it sustains its current level of innovation, it can sustain premium growth for a long time and scale to profitability." Goldman Sachs Group Inc. analyst Heath Terry says Snap offers nearly a 20 percent return over the next 12 months, and is a chance to by "a venture stage investment in the public markets." His price target sits at $27:  "While this clearly carries a higher risk profile, we believe it also comes with higher reward potential. With Snap’s large, valuable, and highly engaged user base generating ad inventory and the monetization path in mobile now well worn, we believe the potential for outperformance as the company continues to innovate against the growing mobile opportunity outweighs those early stage risks." Morgan Stanley's Brian Nowak also issued a buy rating with a $28 price target. He's optimistic on the shares due to the firm's potential to generate a lot of ad revenue: "We believe Snap's millennial audience and differentiated online video ad inventory are in demand by advertisers, and Snap’s growing direct ad sales efforts, recently opened advertising [for third parties], and continued ad unit innovation will pull ad dollars toward their platform." Citigroup Inc. analyst Mark May also issued a buy rating and says the stock will trade up to $27 over the next 12 months due to engagement. He believes the firm could reach more than $13 billion in revenue by 2024: "While user growth and audience scale may remain modest compared with Facebook, the low rate of monetization currently and the high rate of engagement and penetration of Snapchat’s product within its core 13-24 age demo should enable significant revenue growth and margin leverage. " Cowen Group Inc. analyst John Blackledge called Snap a "leading social and messaging service" that should send shares to $26 over the next year: "We expect Daily Active Users to grow 14 percent  annually between 2017 and 2022 coupled with rising advertising monetization of the platform to drive revenue growth and higher incremental margins over time. " Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tesla Model 3 Ramp Up Aims to Crush BMW and Mercedes These Charts Show Alarm Bells Ringing on the Trump Trade U.S. Travel Industry Fears a ‘Lost Decade’ Under Trump Lockheed’s $29 Billion Copter Poised to Win Pentagon’s Approval Risk Rout Eases as U.S. Stocks, Dollar Trim Losses: Markets Wrap Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 10 Reasons Bank of America Could Be the World's Most Perfect Stock Despite its recent run-up, Bank of America may still have a lot more to offer investors. Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) Mar 27, 2017 at 7:11AM During the height of the Great Recession, shareholders in bank stocks were taken for quite the ride. Bank of America (NYSE:BAC), which is one of the largest banks by deposits in the U.S., saw its shares dip by more than 90% from peak to trough. The company's acquisition of the troubled lender Countrywide Financial, coupled with numerous settlements with the Justice Department, really weighed on Bank of America's stock. However, times have changed, and BofA has done a complete 180. Since hitting its lows in 2009, Bank of America shares have rallied more than 500%, and practically all facets of the company's business are trending in a positive direction. In many ways -- 10 to be more precise -- Bank of America could be the world's most perfect stock. Image source: Bank of America. 1. Monetary tightening means more profit Arguably the biggest factor working in Bank of America's favor at the moment is the Federal Reserve's ongoing monetary tightening. Since Dec. 2015, the Fed has increased its federal funds target rate by 25 basis points on three occasions. Its latest increase pushed the fed funds target rate to a range of 0.75% to 1%. Banks with variable loans thrive when interest rates increase because it means an immediate boost to variable loan rates, while increases to savings account rates lag. This is a recipe for higher net interest income and net interest margin for Bank of America. In its fourth-quarter earnings presentation, Bank of America said that a further 100 basis point increase in short- and long-term lending rates would lead to $3.4 billion in added net interest income. 2. Cost-cutting improves flexibility Bank of America has done an exceptional job cutting its costs in order to operate more efficiently. A good chunk of these reduced costs resulted from branch closures. Before the financial crisis, B of A had more than 6,000 physical branches. By the third-quarter of 2016, its physical presence had reduced to a little more than 4,600 branches. The rise of mobile banking has allowed Bank of America to reduce some of the high overhead costs of maintaining a physical branch presence. For example, data released from JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) back in 2015 showed that depositing money with one of its tellers ($0.65) cost over 20 times more than a mobile banking transaction ($0.03). Though these figures may have changed a bit since 2015, and B of A's statistics could be a tad bit different that those of JPMorgan Chase, this gap is still an incentive for banks to cut their expenses by reducing their physical presence in favor of online and mobile banking. Image source: Bank of America. 3. Double-digit mobile banking growth Bank of America's Q4 presentation pointed out that it ranked as the top dog in mobile-banking functionality and digital-sales functionality in separate reports from Forrester Research. Digital sales now represent about 20% of Bank of America's total sales, and growth in active mobile users has actually accelerated in each of the past four quarters in percentage terms. In short, consumers crave convenience, and Bank of America has no qualms about providing that convenience since it's considerably cheaper over the long run. It's a win-win for everyone. 4. Litigation is in the rearview mirror Breathe a big sigh of relief long-term shareholders -- the litigation and settlements that Bank of America faced because of it or Countrywide's lending practices before and during the Great Recession are firmly in the rearview mirror. No bank took it on the chin more than BofA. A report released last year from national policy resource center Good Jobs First found that BofA paid $56 billion of the more than $160 billion in fines issued since 2010. These fines regularly weighed on the bank's bottom line, and it really constrained any type of reinvestment. With large settlements a thing of the past, Bank of America has thrived with a clearer outlook, higher net income, and the ability to reinvest in faster growing business segments. Image source: Getty Images. 5. Long-term debt declining Investors may not think about debt as being a problem for big banks, but it can be just as much of a financial constraint as in any other industry. At the end of 2009, Bank of America was lugging around $523 billion in debt on its balance sheet. According to its Q4 report, it's now reduced its long-term debt to just $217 billion. There's still work to do, and the fact that it's cutting costs and seeing higher net interest income as interest rates rise is helping. But falling long-term debt levels should reduce Bank of America's cost of funds and thereby increase its profitability. 6. Loan and deposit growth Let's not forget that the bread-and-butter growth engine for all banks, small and large, are their loan and deposit growth. While a bank the size of B of A isn't going to deliver double-digit loan and deposit growth, steady growth is nonetheless a good sign -- and that's exactly what we're seeing. Bank of America ended the fourth quarter with $1.26 trillion in deposits, up from just shy of $1.2 trillion in the fourth quarter of 2015, while total loans and leases, including non-U.S. consumer credit cards, rose to $916 billion from $897 billion in the prior-year period. To see both deposits and loans growing with interest rates on the rise is great news for BofA. Image source: Bank of America. 7. Credit quality remains high It's just not that Bank of America is making more loans, it's also seeing the quality of its loans improve as net charge-offs for both its consumer and commercial businesses have improved on a year-over-year basis. Commercial net charge-offs have fallen by nearly half -- $186 million in Q4 2015 to $105 million in Q4 2016 -- while consumer net charge-offs have dipped to $775 million from $958 million over the same period. Best of all, as the number of nonperforming loans and leases has fallen, it's reduced the need to set aside allowances for delinquent loans and leases, resulting in higher profitability.  8. It's well-capitalized Bank of America's reduced costs and improved net interest income, coupled with the fact that it retains more of its earnings each year than most other big banks, have led to a considerably better capitalized bank. Its tier 1 common tangible equity ratio has improved 80 basis points, to 11%, over the past year, and it has two times the coverage for annualized net charge-offs, meaning that it's safer than it's been in years. Image source: Getty Images. 9. Shareholders are getting more Bank of America's new-found success hasn't been lost on its management team. Its improved capital position and higher interest rates have allowed it to begin sharing the wealth with its patient shareholders. Since mid-2014, B of A has increased its quarterly dividend from $0.01 per quarter to $0.075 per quarter as of its latest payout. The possibility of the Trump administration deregulating the banking industry, including easing the Federal Reserve's veto power over big bank capital plans, could wind up pushing this payout even higher in the years to come. 10. Bank of America is still cheap Last but not least, Bank of America is still a fundamentally attractive bank, even after returning more than 500% from its March 2009 closing lows. Based on its $16.95 tangible book value (TBV) as of the end of Q4 2016, Bank of America is currently valued at 1.36 times its TBV. Historically, this is still on the inexpensive side for a major bank. It's also lower than many of B of A's banking peers. On an earnings basis, Wall Street is expecting the bank to earn $2.10 in earnings per share (EPS) in 2018, yet it's surpassed Wall Street's EPS consensus in each of the past seven quarters. This makes its forward P/E of 11 even more enticing. I may be biased as a long-term shareholder, but Bank of America may very well be the market's most perfect stock. Sean Williams owns shares of Bank of America. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) A Fool since 2010, and a graduate from UC San Diego with a B.A. in Economics, Sean specializes in the healthcare sector and investment planning. You'll often find him writing about Obamacare, marijuana, drug and device development, Social Security, taxes, retirement issues and general macroeconomic topics of interest. Follow @TMFUltraLong Article Info Mar 27, 2017 at 7:11AM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $23.57 up $0.54 (2.32%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $88.81 up $1.57 (1.80%) Read More The Staggering Cost of a Quarter-Point Interest-Rate Hike Why Bank of America Shares Are Down 5% Today The 4 Most Popular Bank Stocks Held by Hedge Funds Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Bank of America Stock? Which Bank Has the Best Dividend Stock? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 10 Reasons Bank of America Could Be the World's Most Perfect Stock @themotleyfool #stocks $BAC, $JPM
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance KAZ Minerals PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for KAZ Minerals PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Prothena Co. PLC (PRTA) Earns Buy Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Callaway Golf’s (ELY) “Positive” Rating Reiterated at Pacific Crest Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Affimed NV (AFMD) Alkermes Plc (ALKS) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Apple Inc. (AAPL) a $150.00 Price Target Langenberg & Company Upgrades OFS Capital Corp (OFS) to “Buy” Snap Inc (SNAP) Earns Neutral Rating from Analysts at Bank of America Corp Insteel Industries Inc (IIIN) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Sidoti Fulgent Genetics Inc (FLGT) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) Now Covered by Citigroup Inc Oil States International’s (OIS) Buy Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank Allscripts Healthcare Solutions Inc (MDRX) Rating Increased to Outperform at Wells Fargo & Co Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. (HALL) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Q2 2018 Earnings Estimate for Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings Inc Issued By DA Davidson (SPWH) John R. Baron Buys 7,000 Shares of Blackrock Capital Investment Corp (BKCC) Stock Henry L. Guy Purchases 4,200 Shares of Synalloy Co. (SYNL) Stock Zendesk Inc (ZEN) Insider Sells $48,706.28 in Stock Home Bancshares Inc (HOMB) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages KAZ Minerals PLC (KAZ) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet KAZ Minerals PLC (LON: KAZ) has recently received a number of price target changes and ratings updates: 3/24/2017 – KAZ Minerals PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc. 3/23/2017 – KAZ Minerals PLC had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. 3/17/2017 – KAZ Minerals PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from GBX 260 ($3.21) to GBX 350 ($4.32). They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 3/16/2017 – KAZ Minerals PLC was upgraded by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. to an “overweight” rating. 3/14/2017 – KAZ Minerals PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 100 ($1.24) price target on the stock. 2/27/2017 – KAZ Minerals PLC was downgraded by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc to a “reduce” rating. They now have a GBX 400 ($4.94) price target on the stock, down previously from GBX 440 ($5.43). 2/24/2017 – KAZ Minerals PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 2/20/2017 – KAZ Minerals PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc. 2/6/2017 – KAZ Minerals PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 370 ($4.57) price target on the stock. 2/3/2017 – KAZ Minerals PLC was upgraded by analysts at Morgan Stanley to an “equal weight” rating. They now have a GBX 380 ($4.69) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 300 ($3.71). 2/1/2017 – KAZ Minerals PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Canaccord Genuity. 1/27/2017 – KAZ Minerals PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 1/27/2017 – KAZ Minerals PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc. 1/26/2017 – KAZ Minerals PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 370 ($4.57) price target on the stock. 1/26/2017 – KAZ Minerals PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 100 ($1.24) price target on the stock. KAZ Minerals PLC (LON:KAZ) opened at 444.80 on Monday. The company’s 50 day moving average is GBX 523.90 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 373.73. The firm’s market cap is GBX 1.99 billion. KAZ Minerals PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 115.84 and a 52 week high of GBX 610.00. KAZ Minerals PLC is an investment holding company principally engaged in mining businesses. The Company operates through three segments. East Region Operations segment is mainly engaged in the mining, processing, marketing and sales of copper and other metals. Other metals include gold, silver and zinc concentrate, among others. Receive News & Ratings for KAZ Minerals PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for KAZ Minerals PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ArcelorMittal SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ArcelorMittal SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Liberty Sirius XM Group (LSXMK) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Herman Miller, Inc. (MLHR) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research BRP Inc (DOO) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank RXi Pharmaceuticals Corp (RXII) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Thursday One Group Hospitality Inc (STKS) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Mediwound Ltd (MDWD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Medtronic plc.’s (MDT) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Acerus Pharmaceuti (TRLPF) Receives “Buy” Rating from Roth Capital DS Smith plc (SMDS) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Receives $407.55 Average PT from Analysts Berenberg Bank Lowers Domino's Pizza Group PLC. (DOM) Price Target to GBX 400 Tandem Diabetes Care Inc (TNDM) Stock Rating Lowered by B. Riley Robinson PLC (RBN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap UniFirst Corp (UNF) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd (HOLI) Short Interest Update Greggs plc (GRG) Insider Raymond Reynolds Buys 2,684 Shares New York & Company, Inc. (NWY) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research John Laing Infrastructure Fund Ld (JLIF) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC La Quinta Holdings Inc (LQ) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc (HIK) ArcelorMittal SA (MT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of ArcelorMittal SA (NYSE:MT) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note released on Tuesday morning. According to Zacks, “Estimate for ArcelorMittal for first-quarter 2017 has been stable of late. ArcelorMittal has outperformed the Zacks categorized Steel-Producers industry over a year. The company should gain from its efforts to reduce debt, lower costs, expand capacity and improve efficiency. It is making a significant progress in its cost reduction initiatives under the Action 2020 program. Moreover, ArcelorMittal is looking to sell its non-core assets to focus on important operations and also expanding its advanced high strength steel product line. However, ArcelorMittal continues to contend with soft economic conditions in Europe and China and volatility in steel prices. Demand for steel remains weak in China. Moreover, cheap steel exports from China is still causing a problem.” Other analysts have also issued reports about the company. Commerzbank Ag raised ArcelorMittal SA from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a buy rating on shares of ArcelorMittal SA in a report on Friday, February 17th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a buy rating and issued a $10.50 price objective on shares of ArcelorMittal SA in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Bank of America Corp raised ArcelorMittal SA from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a report on Friday, February 10th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a neutral rating on shares of ArcelorMittal SA in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. ArcelorMittal SA has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $7.03. Shares of ArcelorMittal SA (NYSE:MT) opened at 8.29 on Tuesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $25.35 billion, a PE ratio of 13.37 and a beta of 2.06. ArcelorMittal SA has a 12-month low of $4.15 and a 12-month high of $9.37. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $8.73 and a 200 day moving average price of $7.48. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “ArcelorMittal SA (MT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/arcelormittal-sa-mt-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research.html. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Tide Point Capital Management LP increased its position in shares of ArcelorMittal SA by 85.1% in the fourth quarter. Tide Point Capital Management LP now owns 8,330,860 shares of the company’s stock valued at $60,815,000 after buying an additional 3,830,860 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of ArcelorMittal SA by 73.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,607,239 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33,868,000 after buying an additional 2,368,359 shares in the last quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP increased its position in shares of ArcelorMittal SA by 11,710.2% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 2,992,587 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,846,000 after buying an additional 2,967,248 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its position in shares of ArcelorMittal SA by 735.3% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 2,870,010 shares of the company’s stock valued at $20,951,000 after buying an additional 2,526,400 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Jane Street Group LLC increased its position in shares of ArcelorMittal SA by 2,925.5% in the third quarter. Jane Street Group LLC now owns 2,492,979 shares of the company’s stock valued at $15,058,000 after buying an additional 2,410,579 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 3.46% of the company’s stock. About ArcelorMittal SA ArcelorMittal SA is a Luxembourg- based holding company. It is an integrated steel and mining company. It operates through five segments: NAFTA; Europe; Brazil; Africa and Commonwealth of Independent States (ACIS) and Mining. The NAFTA segment produces flat, long and tubular products. The Brazil segment includes the flat operations of Brazil, and the long and tubular operations of Brazil and neighboring countries. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on ArcelorMittal SA (MT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for ArcelorMittal SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ArcelorMittal SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance First Defiance Financial - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Defiance Financial with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Peel Hunt Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Majestic Wine PLC (WINE) Dominion Diamond Corp (DDC) Earns Outperform Rating from Scotiabank BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Power Co. of Canada (POW) Earns “Sector Perform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc – (JAZZ) Downgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. P H Glatfelter Co (GLT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research HealthStream, Inc. (HSTM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell The Second Cup Ltd (SCU) Director Michael David Bregman Purchases 15,000 Shares Jan Telander Purchases 1,267,097 Shares of ProGreen US Inc (PGUS) Stock Trupanion Inc (TRUP) Insider Sells $50,610.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Cooper Companies Inc (COO) CEO Sells 1,871 Shares of Stock Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Director Sells $93,960.00 in Stock Robert Phillips Purchases 21,000 Shares of Bonavista Energy Corp (BNP) Stock Arca Biopharma Inc (ABIO) Director Purchases $64,750.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Genesis Land Development Corp. (GDC) Insider Purchases 150,000 Shares of Stock A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) CEO Sells $230,250.00 in Stock InfuSystem Holdings Inc (INFU) Director Buys $201,588.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Director Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Electrolux AB (ELUXY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research First Defiance Financial (FDEF) Stake Reduced by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Dimensional Fund Advisors LP reduced its stake in shares of First Defiance Financial (NASDAQ:FDEF) by 0.6% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 782,119 shares of the company’s stock after selling 4,458 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP owned about 0.09% of First Defiance Financial worth $39,685,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company purchased a new stake in First Defiance Financial during the third quarter valued at approximately $13,819,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in First Defiance Financial by 67.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 137,027 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,117,000 after buying an additional 54,952 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in First Defiance Financial during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,446,000. Siena Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in First Defiance Financial during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,361,000. Finally, BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its stake in First Defiance Financial by 3.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 695,852 shares of the company’s stock valued at $31,063,000 after buying an additional 24,143 shares during the period. 67.55% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of First Defiance Financial (NASDAQ:FDEF) opened at 48.03 on Monday. First Defiance Financial has a 1-year low of $34.80 and a 1-year high of $52.31. The stock has a market cap of $431.55 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.06 and a beta of 0.95. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $49.24 and a 200 day moving average of $46.76. First Defiance Financial (NASDAQ:FDEF) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, January 23rd. The company reported $0.81 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.76 by $0.05. First Defiance Financial had a net margin of 23.67% and a return on equity of 10.04%. Equities research analysts forecast that First Defiance Financial will post $3.37 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/first-defiance-financial-fdef-stake-reduced-by-dimensional-fund-advisors-lp.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of First Defiance Financial from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $57.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. First Defiance Financial Company Profile First Defiance Financial Corp. (First Defiance) is a unitary thrift holding company that focuses on traditional banking and property and casualty, life and group health insurance products. The Company operates through its subsidiaries, First Federal Bank of the Midwest (First Federal or the Bank), First Insurance Group of the Midwest, Inc (First Insurance) and First Defiance Risk Management Inc First Federal is a federally chartered stock savings bank. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FDEF? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for First Defiance Financial (NASDAQ:FDEF). Receive News & Ratings for First Defiance Financial Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Defiance Financial and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Accuray Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Accuray Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Energen Co. (EGN) Earns “Buy” Rating from Scotiabank BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for IDEX Co. (IEX) Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Scotiabank Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Tesoro Co. (TSO) Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Earns “Buy” Rating from Scotiabank Gulfport Energy Co. (GPOR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Aldeyra Therapeutics Inc (ALDX) Set to Announce Earnings on Tuesday Advantage Lithium Corp (AAL) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates LifePoint Health Inc (LPNT) Bonds Trading 1.9% Higher Bank of East Asia Ltd (BKEAY) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) WisdomTree Trust (DXJS) Announces $0.01 Quarterly Dividend Amber Road Inc (AMBR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Ameris Bancorp (ABCB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research WisdomTree Intl. LargeCap Div Fd Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 (DOL) Peabody Energy Co. (BTUUQ) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (BIO) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Avenir Corp Owns Stake in Internap Corp (INAP) NEXT plc (NXT) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Accuray Incorporated (ARAY) Receives “Buy” Rating from Aegis March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Aegis reiterated their buy rating on shares of Accuray Incorporated (NASDAQ:ARAY) in a report published on Tuesday. A number of other brokerages have also recently issued reports on ARAY. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Accuray from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and dropped their target price for the stock from $8.00 to $6.00 in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. BTIG Research reiterated a hold rating on shares of Accuray in a research report on Sunday, February 5th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Accuray presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $7.93. Shares of Accuray (NASDAQ:ARAY) opened at 4.80 on Tuesday. Accuray has a 12-month low of $4.45 and a 12-month high of $6.39. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $5.27 and its 200-day moving average is $5.28. The firm’s market cap is $397.91 million. Accuray (NASDAQ:ARAY) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported ($0.11) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.09) by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $87.50 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $93.74 million. Accuray had a negative return on equity of 46.38% and a negative net margin of 6.88%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 19.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business earned ($0.08) EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that Accuray will post ($0.19) EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Accuray Incorporated (ARAY) Receives “Buy” Rating from Aegis” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/accuray-incorporated-aray-receives-buy-rating-from-aegis.html. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of ARAY. Bank of Montreal Can raised its stake in shares of Accuray by 10,585.4% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 16,776 shares of the company’s stock worth $107,000 after buying an additional 16,619 shares in the last quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Accuray by 68.8% in the third quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 25,476 shares of the company’s stock worth $162,000 after buying an additional 10,383 shares in the last quarter. Advisory Services Network LLC raised its stake in shares of Accuray by 17.4% in the third quarter. Advisory Services Network LLC now owns 25,700 shares of the company’s stock worth $164,000 after buying an additional 3,800 shares in the last quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Accuray by 29.0% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 43,628 shares of the company’s stock worth $278,000 after buying an additional 9,800 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Engineers Gate Manager LP raised its stake in shares of Accuray by 6.4% in the third quarter. Engineers Gate Manager LP now owns 66,262 shares of the company’s stock worth $422,000 after buying an additional 3,959 shares in the last quarter. 91.66% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Accuray Company Profile Accuray Incorporated is a radiation oncology company. The Company develops, manufactures and markets medical devices used in radiation therapy for the treatment of cancer patients. Its products include the CyberKnife Systems, the TomoTherapy Systems, and the Radixact Delivery Treatment Platform. Its technologies, the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy Systems, are designed to deliver treatments, including stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS), stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT), intensity modulated radiation therapy (IMRT), image guided radiation therapy (IGRT) and adaptive radiation therapy. Receive News & Ratings for Accuray Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Accuray Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Money Investing Shares Funds Buy to let ISAs JISAs SIPPs Special reports Telegraph Investor More Telegraph Money Investing Funds Offbeat investor: the Asian fund that has risen by 30pc in a year The £495m JPM Asean Equity fund has a good track record of investing in the shares of companies based in the 10-strong Association of Southeast Asian Nations Credit: Reuters Frank Talbot 27 March 2017 • 7:56am Are you in the market for some more unusual investment ideas for your Isa or pension? In this new monthly series I will look for funds I believe could add spice to your portfolio. Now might seem an odd time to look for out-of-the-way investments. Stock markets wobbled this week over fears that the “Trump trade” that has buoyed share prices since the US election may have gone too far. However, investors saving for their retirement (such as me) can usually afford to take a long-term view and ride out short-term market squalls. Besides, a fall in share prices can often provide a buying opportunity if you know what you’re looking for. Gradual stabilisation in exports, particularly in commodities and manufacturing, along with continued government spending and domestic consumption, should support growth in the regionPauline Ng, JP Morgan Asset Management This week I’m starting with a fund that invests in Asia: the £495m JPM Asean Equity fund, run by Pauline Ng of JP Morgan Asset Management in Singapore. Choose Telegraph Investor for fast, efficient online dealing in ISAs, SIPPS and Trading accounts.  Capital at risk The fund has a good track record of investing in the shares of companies based in the 10-strong Association of Southeast Asian Nations. Ms Ng, a former telecoms analyst, has chosen Singapore Telecommunications as her top holding; it accounted for 5.8pc of the fund at the end of February. Ms Ng and her co-manager, Chang Qi Ong, have invested three quarters of the fund in Singapore, Indonesia and Thailand, with the portfolio of 70 stocks dominated by financial, consumer and energy companies positioned to benefit from the region’s long-term development. Since its launch in 2009 JPM Asean Equity has delivered a total return of 136pc, beating the MSCI All Countries Asean index, which gained nearly 97pc. Ms Ng has an “A” rating from my firm, Citywire, for her three-year record on the fund, which has risen by 39.9pc over the period, ranking it third out of 10 in its sector. These performance figures are after the fund’s annual ongoing charges of 0.95pc, but do not include the other costs investors may pay to buy the fund through an online broker or financial adviser. Watch | Choosing the best investment platform for you 02:42 While there are concerns that the US stock market looks expensive after an eight-year rally – particularly if President Donald Trump fails to push through his manifesto pledges to slash taxes and boost infrastructure spending – fund managers surveyed this month named emerging markets, which include Asia, as the most undervalued in the world. Improving economic data from around the world has revived confidence in global prospects. While concerns about China’s indebtedness remain, the world’s second largest economy is viewed as having stabilised after a slowdown. Both factors spell good news for the Asean countries, which stretch from Burma in the north, through Thailand, Cambodia, Laos and Vietnam in the middle to Malaysia, Singapore, Brunei, Indonesia and the Philippines to the south and east. Originally formed to counter the political influence of China, the association has promoted development and trade in the region. At the heart of its investment appeal is rapid economic growth supported by a population of 625 million and a burgeoning middle class. Five reasons to invest some of your 2017 Isa in India Questor: 'As Article 50 is triggered, look outside London for property dividends' Transfer your Isa to Telegraph Investor and get up to £500 cashback. Cashback depends on the transfer value see Terms for details. Your capital is at risk. Whilst transfer is in progress you will be unable to trade. Investing in the region is not for the faint-hearted, however. While JPM Asean missed the financial crisis, our chart shows how the fund fell heavily in 2013 and 2015 before bouncing back on both occasions. The past 12 months have seen the fund shoot up by 30pc as Asia and many of the commodities it produces returned to favour and the slide in the pound boosted returns to British investors. Even that short period masked a brief reversal, however, as the election of Mr Trump and his “America first” agenda cast a cloud over all emerging markets. Mr Trump’s threat to tax imports into the US still looms over Asia despite the recent rally, Ms Ng admitted. “The remaining risk on this front is the potential for a ‘border adjustment tax’. Such a tax would raise the cost of exporting to the US, put upward pressure on the [US] dollar and promote a degree of import substitution, none of which are helpful to emerging market equities,” she said. Nevertheless, Ms Ng is hopeful that Mr Trump’s tough campaign talk will not lead to trade wars with emerging nations. She pointed to the administration’s first meeting with China, when the US did not call its global rival a “currency manipulator”. This was despite previous angry accusations from Mr Trump that Beijing had lowered the yuan to make China’s exports cheaper for Americans to buy. Five golden rules for DIY investing Ms Ng said investors should focus on the long-term growth of south-east Asia, where governments learnt from the region’s crisis in 1997 and cut their debts. “Gradual stabilisation in exports, particularly in commodities and manufacturing, along with continued government spending and domestic consumption, should support growth in the region,” she added. While politics can be volatile in the Asean region, as elsewhere, the manager said she had been encouraged by recent events. “We have witnessed peaceful and fair elections in both Indonesia and the Philippines, where candidates not considered as part of the traditional ‘inner circles’ emerged as winners,” she said. Whether this fund continues to be a winner remains to be seen but long-term investors prepared for the currency and stock market risks of Asia should put it on their watch list. Frank Talbot is the head of investment research at Citywire Follow us for more investing ideas: @TelegraphInvest  For investment tips and ideas five days a week, read Questor Sign up to our emails Share this article Follow The Telegraph Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter READ MORE ABOUT: Equities ISAs Shares Emerging markets Funds Show more Money latest 02:10 28 Mar 2017, 2:55pm New pound coin enters circulation today: Everything you need to know 28 Mar 2017, 10:52am 'I want my children to be great investors, so I bought them shares in Amazon' 28 Mar 2017, 10:47am New £1: what makes it 'the most secure coin in the world'?  Gallery 28 Mar 2017, 10:45am Gallery: What could you buy in 1983 with a 'new' £1 coin? 28 Mar 2017, 10:28am Which supermarkets and shops are ready for the new £1 coin? 28 Mar 2017, 10:19am 'Toytown money': What happened when the original £1 coin was launched in 1983 28 Mar 2017, 8:55am Questor: Next announces losses - so why did the shares rise? Premium 00:58 27 Mar 2017, 9:39pm New 12-sided £1 coin to enter circulation on Tuesday 27 Mar 2017, 11:18am Our pick of the best fixed-rate savings bonds 2017 27 Mar 2017, 10:21am Comment: Neil Woodford: BP and Shell are 'liquidating themselves' Richard Evans Premium 27 Mar 2017, 6:00am New build nostalgia: The return of homes around the old village green 27 Mar 2017, 6:00am In the wilds of the Shetlands: where building your own home is a way of life Premium 26 Mar 2017, 7:24am Michael Heseltine: 'I left the cabinet and my earnings soared' Premium 26 Mar 2017, 6:50am Millions will have to file FIVE tax returns per year 26 Mar 2017, 6:50am New tax system for self-employed will 'seriously harm economy' 26 Mar 2017, 6:48am This year 525 banks will shut: will yours disappear? 26 Mar 2017, 6:47am 'Scottish Power charged me £6,000 too much' 26 Mar 2017, 6:00am Car galleries, wine walls: don't hide away your treasures, be a big show-off 26 Mar 2017, 6:00am Caerhays Castle: the great estate with a blooming future 26 Mar 2017, 6:00am Smooth edges mean new £1 coin may burn a hole in your pocket, but won't damage it 25 Mar 2017, 5:30pm Questor: Saga investors growing greyer in long wait for investment returns Premium If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Daimler AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Daimler AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News G-III Apparel Group, Ltd. (GIII) Updates FY18 Earnings Guidance Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in DiamondRock Hospitality Company (DRH) Putnam Investments LLC Has $316,000 Stake in Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Putnam Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Linear Technology Co. (LLTC) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Buys 3,170 Shares of HMS Holdings Corp (HMSY) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $836,000 Stake in Group 1 Automotive, Inc. (GPI) Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc. (SASR) Stake Raised by AQR Capital Management LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 27,649 Shares of Extreme Networks, Inc (EXTR) United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) PT Raised to $77.00 at Citigroup Inc Nord Anglia Education Inc (NORD) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Citigroup Inc MEDNAX Inc (MD) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Robert W. Baird Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) Upgraded to Hold by Deutsche Bank AG Stifel Nicolaus Increases Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. (LECO) Price Target to $86.00 Putnam Investments LLC Decreases Position in DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) Putnam Investments LLC Sells 665 Shares of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOX) Education Realty Trust, Inc. (EDR) Stake Held by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $626,000 Stake in Hub Group Inc (HUBG) Otter Tail Co. (OTTR) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc (SUPN) Receives $28.25 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Daimler AG (DAI) Earns Buy Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated their buy rating on shares of Daimler AG (ETR:DAI) in a research report released on Tuesday. A number of other research analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Daimler AG in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Barclays PLC set a €68.00 ($73.12) target price on shares of Daimler AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. BNP Paribas set a €63.00 ($67.74) target price on shares of Daimler AG and gave the company a sell rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Sanford C. Bernstein set a €85.00 ($91.40) target price on shares of Daimler AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Commerzbank Ag set a €90.00 ($96.77) target price on shares of Daimler AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of €72.75 ($78.23). Daimler AG (ETR:DAI) opened at 70.615 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is €69.25 and its 200-day moving average is €67.04. The firm has a market cap of €75.55 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 8.860. Daimler AG has a 12 month low of €50.89 and a 12 month high of €73.20. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Daimler AG (DAI) Earns Buy Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/26/daimler-ag-dai-earns-buy-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Daimler AG Company Profile Daimler AG (Daimler) is an automotive engineering company. The Company is engaged in the development, production and distribution of cars, trucks and vans in Germany, and the management of the Daimler Group. Daimler’s segments include Mercedes-Benz Cars, Daimler Trucks, Mercedes-Benz Vans, Daimler Buses and Daimler Financial Services. Receive News & Ratings for Daimler AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Daimler AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ING Groep NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) WisdomTree Trust (DXJS) Announces $0.01 Quarterly Dividend Amber Road Inc (AMBR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Ameris Bancorp (ABCB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research WisdomTree Intl. LargeCap Div Fd Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 (DOL) Peabody Energy Co. (BTUUQ) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (BIO) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Avenir Corp Owns Stake in Internap Corp (INAP) NEXT plc (NXT) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages IDEX Co. (IEX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Cal-Maine Foods Inc (CALM) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts AtriCure Inc. (ATRC) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Ophthotech Corp (OPHT) Receives Market Perform Rating from Leerink Swann Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Receives Overweight Rating from Pacific Crest Hays plc (HAS) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Husky Energy Inc. (HSE) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Mammoth Energy Services Inc (TUSK) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €14.80 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts March 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet ING Groep NV (AMS:INGA) has been assigned a €14.80 ($15.91) target price by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. Kepler Capital Markets set a €13.80 ($14.84) price objective on ING Groep NV and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, November 25th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €14.50 ($15.59) price objective on ING Groep NV and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, November 24th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €15.50 ($16.67) price objective on ING Groep NV and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Macquarie set a €15.50 ($16.67) price objective on ING Groep NV and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, S&P Global set a €16.00 ($17.20) price objective on ING Groep NV and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of €14.49 ($15.58). ING Groep NV (AMS:INGA) opened at 13.765 on Thursday. ING Groep NV has a 1-year low of €9.36 and a 1-year high of €14.75. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of €13.77 and a 200-day moving average price of €12.81. The stock has a market cap of €53.38 billion and a PE ratio of 11.471. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €14.80 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/26/ing-groep-nv-inga-given-a-14-80-price-target-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-analysts.html. About ING Groep NV ING Groep N.V. (ING) is a financial institution. The Company offers banking services. The Company’s segments include Retail Netherlands, which offers current and savings accounts, business lending, mortgages and other consumer lending in the Netherlands; Retail Belgium, which offers products are similar to those in the Netherlands; Retail Germany, which offers current and savings accounts, mortgages and other customer lending; Retail Other, which offers products are similar to those in the Netherlands, and Wholesale Banking, which offers wholesale banking activities (a full range of products from cash management to corporate finance), real estate and lease. Receive News & Ratings for ING Groep NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Market Updates Home» Globe Investor» Inside the Market» Market Updates Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on March 21. (Spencer Platt/Getty Images) Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on March 21. (Spencer Platt/Getty Images) At the open: TSX slips further with oil as Trump trade fizzles Add to ... Reuters Published Wednesday, Mar. 22, 2017 9:43AM EDT Last updated Wednesday, Mar. 22, 2017 9:50AM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Canada’s main stock index fell on Wednesday as a weakness in oil prices weighed on the heavily weighted energy sector, offsetting modest strength in gold-mining shares. At 9:41 a.m., the Toronto Stock Exchange’s S&P/TSX composite index fell 45.28 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 15,267.85. Of the index’s 10 main groups, eight were in negative territory. On Tuesday, the index ended down 0.84 per cent. U.S. stocks also opened slightly lower, a day after Wall Street posted its biggest one-day fall since the November election, as investors fret about potential delays to President Donald Trump’s pro-growth policies. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 33.69 points, or 0.16 per cent, to 20,634.32, the S&P 500 lost 1.44 points, or 0.06 per cent, to 2,342.58 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.85 points, or 0.01 per cent, to 5,792.98. Mr. Trump on Tuesday tried to rally Republican lawmakers behind a plan to dismantle Obamacare, his first major legislation since assuming office in January. Republican leaders aim to move the controversial legislation to the House floor for debate as early as Thursday, amid concerns over support from party lawmakers. Some investors fear that if the healthcare reform act runs into trouble or takes longer-than-expected to pass, then Trump’s tax reform policies may face setbacks. “The markets were reminded yesterday the ‘Trump trade’ is not a one-way trade and there’s room for disappointment as actions on tax cuts and infrastructure spending might not materializes as quickly as we want,” said Anastasia Amoroso, global market strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in Houston. “The pronounced fall in yields across the world is not helping market sentiment at the moment either.” U.S. 10-year Treasury yields fell to three-week lows on Tuesday and the gap between U.S. and German 10-year government borrowing costs hit its narrowest since November. The S&P 500 has run up about 10 per cent since the election in November, spurred mainly by Trump’s agenda of tax cuts and infrastructure spending, but valuations have emerged as a concern. The benchmark index is trading at about 18 times forward earnings estimates against the long-term average of 15, according to Thomson Reuters data. The last time the S&P 500 lost 1 per cent or more in a day was on Oct. 11. “Given the full valuation and the long time that’s passed since we’ve had a one percent down day, let alone a correction, a forward correction is a real possibility,” said Amoroso. Oil prices also dipped and slipped back to three-month lows after data showed U.S. crude inventories rising faster than expected. Gold prices rose to a three-week high and the dollar index , which measures the greenback against a basket of currencies, was at 99.87, near the six-week low of 99.64 reached on Tuesday. Shares of financials, which suffered their worst daily drop since June, were lower in premarket trading. Bank of America , Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo were all down. The financial sector has been the best performing of the 11 major S&P sectors since Trump’s election, up 18 per cent. CBOE’s VIX index , known as the “fear gauge”, briefly topped 13 per cent for the first time since mid-January. European shares hit two-week lows and Asian equities suffered their biggest one-day fall since Dec. 15. After sharp falls on Tuesday, MSCI’s world stocks index fell half a percent for its biggest two-day drop since the same date. The U.S. dollar touched a four-month low against the Japanese currency, whose strength helped push Tokyo stocks to a three-week low, while the euro held close to its highest since early February at around $1.08. Investors’ flight to safety pushed down U.S. Treasury yields and the gap between U.S. and German 10-year government borrowing costs hit its narrowest since November. Waning risk appetite also hit commodities: Brent crude oil fell more than 70 cents to as low as $50.05 a barrel, its cheapest since Nov. 30. Copper fell 0.7 per cent to $5.736 a tonne. The main factor behind the sell-off in risky assets was doubt that Mr. Trump would be able to deliver on his agenda for economic growth, including tax cuts and relaxed regulation, any time soon. Societe Generale currency strategist Alvin Tan, in London, said an FBI investigation into possible ties between Mr. Trump’s campaign and Russia was also adding to investor worries. “All in all, that’s adding to a picture that the much hoped-for and hyped fiscal stimulus package may not be coming as soon as markets would like it to come, if at all,” he said. The pan-European STOXX 600 index was last down 0.6 per cent, having earlier dropped as much as 0.9 per cent, led lower by banks and miners. Britain’s FTSE 100 index fell 0.8 per cent. MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 1.4 per cent at one point. In the previous session, the index hit its highest level since June 2015. Japanese stocks fell 2 per cent, Australian shares tumbled 1.6 per cent and mainland Chinese shares closed down 0.5 percent. MSCI’s main measure of emerging market equities slid nearly 1 per cent. The dollar, which has risen this year in anticipation of a boost from Mr. Trump’s tax reform, edged up 0.1 per cent against a basket of currencies. However, the greenback was down 0.3 per cent at 111.32 yen , having earlier hit a four-month low of 111.12 yen. The euro dipped 0.2 per cent to $1.0790, off a high of $1.0818 as European trading began. Sterling fell 0.2 per cent to $1.2450, having earlier hit $1.2507, its strongest in nearly four weeks. U.S. Treasury yields, which fell on Tuesday along with Wall Street, dropped further. The 10-year benchmark yield dipped below 2.4 per cent for the first time since March 1. It last stood at 2.41 per cent, down 2.2 basis points on the day. In early trade, the closely watched gap between U.S. and German 10-year yields touched its narrowest since November at around 195 basis points. German 10-year yields, the benchmark for euro zone borrowing costs, then fell further and were last down 3.8 basis points at 0.42 percent. “Market participants are worried about the effects and feasibility of Donald Trump’s growth programme,” DZ Bank strategist Birgit Figge said. “Alongside this, speculation is persisting ... that the ECB may possibly scale back its ultra-expansionary policy stance to some extent at an earlier point in time than is currently being assumed.” Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Trump tax cut doubts hit stocks, U.S. dollar (Reuters)   CL-FTCrude Oil Front Month Futures Latest Price$48.37 +0.64 (+1.34%) GC-FTGold Front Month Futures Latest Price$1,255.90 +0.50 (+0.04%) TSXS&P/TSX Composite Latest Price15,609.85 +103.63 (+0.67%) DJIADow Jones Industrials Latest Price20,723.85 +172.87 (+0.84%) COMPNASDAQ NMS COMPOSITE INDEX Latest Price5,881.49 +41.12 (+0.70%) SPXS&P 500 INDEX Latest Price2,361.30 +19.71 (+0.84%) Updated March 28 2:46 PM CDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story U.S. stocks suffer worst decline since presidential election Wednesday's analyst upgrades and downgrades Wednesday's small-cap stocks to watch Topics U.S. Treasury S&P Company Donald Trump Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Thieves steal 100-kilogram gold coin worth millions Globe Drive Redesigned Mercedes coupe changes lanes without us touching the wheel Report on Business Markets on alert for 'Trump tantrum' News What is 'shuanggui', and why did it send this Chinese man to prison? Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Four things millennials need to know about getting started as an investor Report on Business Britain's new pound coin most secure 'in the world' News Opinion: 'Feminism looks very different to different people' News Explore the 1930s system that directs trains through Toronto’s Union Station News Haley: 'The days of Israel-bashing are over' at UN News Mystery deepens over Nunes' investigation into Trump wiretap claims Report on Business Brexit pressure for British PM Globe Drive Uber halts driverless car program after Arizona crash ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Workers in the ‘gig’ economy face challenges in saving for retirement Report on Business Marijuana industry searches for large spaces to grow crops More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Virtual case competition connects students from around world Arts Russell Smith: Fearless Girl, Charging Bull and the problems of public art Most popular Liberals reverse course on Chinese takeover of Montreal high-tech firm U.K. rejects Scotland’s bid for new independence referendum There’s only one way to fix the housing bubble Trudeau – a fine communicator, a faltering democrat I’m getting a big inheritance. How should I invest it? X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vereit Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vereit Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FireEye Inc (FEYE) Upgraded at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Buys 98 Shares of Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Reduces Position in Astronics Co. (ATRO) Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) Position Decreased by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Guggenheim Capital LLC Sells 54,676 Shares of West Corp (WSTC) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $1,057,000 Position in Actuant Co. (ATU) JW Asset Management LLC Has $3,201,000 Position in UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Laredo Petroleum Inc (LPI) Position Cut by Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Position Lowered by Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Has $176,000 Stake in EnerNOC, Inc. (ENOC) 400,000 Shares in CVS Health Corp (CVS) Acquired by Southpoint Capital Advisors LP Leuthold Group LLC Reduces Stake in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Two Sigma Investments LP Acquires Shares of 23,956 Herman Miller, Inc. (MLHR) Care.com Inc (CRCM) Shares Bought by Two Sigma Investments LP Two Sigma Investments LP Buys 18,327 Shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc. (CSBK) Theravance Biopharma Inc (TBPH) Stake Boosted by Two Sigma Investments LP FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) Upgraded at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Altisource Residential Corp (RESI) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 29th Access National Co. (ANCX) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.15 on May 25th Scotiabank Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (HEP) BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Vereit Inc (VER) a $10.00 Price Target March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet BMO Capital Markets set a $10.00 target price on Vereit Inc (NYSE:VER) in a report issued on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other brokerages have also recently issued reports on VER. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Vereit from a buy rating to a sell rating in a research note on Saturday, February 25th. JMP Securities raised shares of Vereit from a market perform rating to an outperform rating in a research note on Monday, January 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a hold rating and set a $11.00 price objective on shares of Vereit in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. Finally, Bank of America Corp cut shares of Vereit from a neutral rating to an underperform rating in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating, five have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $9.89. Shares of Vereit (NYSE:VER) opened at 8.47 on Wednesday. The company’s market cap is $8.25 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $8.65 and its 200 day moving average is $8.90. Vereit has a 1-year low of $7.99 and a 1-year high of $11.09. Vereit (NYSE:VER) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported $0.17 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.01) by $0.18. Vereit had a negative net margin of 18.02% and a negative return on equity of 3.12%. The company earned $351.87 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $309.69 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.20 EPS. Vereit’s revenue was down 8.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Vereit will post $0.02 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Vereit Inc (VER) a $10.00 Price Target” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/bmo-capital-markets-analysts-give-vereit-inc-ver-a-10-00-price-target.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 17th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be paid a $0.138 dividend. This is a boost from Vereit’s previous dividend of $0.08. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 29th. Vereit’s dividend payout ratio is -141.02%. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of VER. Private Advisor Group LLC boosted its stake in Vereit by 5.3% in the fourth quarter. Private Advisor Group LLC now owns 11,517 shares of the company’s stock valued at $100,000 after buying an additional 576 shares during the period. Trust Co. of Vermont boosted its stake in Vereit by 152.5% in the third quarter. Trust Co. of Vermont now owns 10,100 shares of the company’s stock valued at $105,000 after buying an additional 6,100 shares during the period. ClariVest Asset Management LLC purchased a new stake in Vereit during the third quarter valued at $110,000. Patriot Financial Group Insurance Agency LLC purchased a new stake in Vereit during the fourth quarter valued at $110,000. Finally, Quadrant Capital Group LLC boosted its stake in Vereit by 8.1% in the third quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 11,203 shares of the company’s stock valued at $113,000 after buying an additional 837 shares during the period. 82.54% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Vereit VEREIT, Inc is a full-service real estate operating company. The Company operates through two business segments: real estate investment (REI) segment and investment management segment, Cole Capital. As of December 31, 2016, through its REI segment, the Company owned and managed a portfolio of 4,142 retail, restaurant, office and industrial real estate properties with an aggregate of 93.3 million square feet, which are located in 49 states, Puerto Rico and Canada. Receive News & Ratings for Vereit Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vereit Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
skip - skip - Visual Revenue skip - skip - skip - logo schema for google skip - infolinks- inread skip - skip - ad skip - AddBolcker skip - pop skip - Maavaron script Stop animations Toggle contrast Report an accessibility issue  Log in Profile Logout Subscribe now Haaretz - Israel News Tuesday, March 28, 2017. Nisan 1, 5777 Time in Israel: 10:48 PM Search Click to search  Share  Tweet  Email  Zen Israel News Opinion U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish World All sections Israel News Israeli Culture Sports Videos Travel in Israel Business Security & Aviation Science Year in Review 2016 U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish Holidays Books Opinion Archaeology Life & Culture Food E-paper Shabbat Times Weather ESSENCE Edition française Israel Real Estate Log in Profile Scroll back Scroll forward skip - Home   >   Israel News   >   Business Israeli Advertisers Not Eager To Act on Boycott of YouTube Only a handful of overseas companies have barred local ads. Nati Tucker Mar 28, 2017 12:39 AM comments Print   Zen Subscribe now  Shareshare on facebook  Tweet send via email reddit stumbleupon The YouTube website. Richard Vogel/AP The boycott of YouTube by multinationals who don’t want their ads being paired with offensive content hasn’t spread to Israel, although some global firms have pulled Israeli advertising from the platform. YouTube’s parent company, Google, has come under intense scrutiny for ads appearing alongside YouTube videos carrying homophobic or anti-Semitic messages. The company vowed to overhaul its practices, and said last week it began an extensive review of its advertising policies. British brands like HSBC and Marks & Spencer were the first to pull advertising from the site, early last week. They’ve been joined by a host of U.S. advertisers including Johnson & Johnson and JPMorgan Chase & Company. But Israeli advertisers, who spend from 100 million to 120 million shekels ($28 million to $33 million) a year on YouTube ads, are still sitting on the fence, industry sources said. “It’s amazing that international companies are a lot more sensitive to anti-Semitic content and rushed to cancel ads, while Israeli companies of all things keep on advertising,” said one Israeli marketing executive who asked not to be named. The few exceptions are companies like Osem, a wholly owned unit of Swiss food maker Nestle, which was instructed by its parent company to stop advertising on YouTube and other Google outlets. “We are in constant contact to ensure a solution for filtering inappropriate content on the network. Until a solution is found, advertising by Osem on Google is suspended,” an Osem spokesman said. Some foreign firms that advertise in Hebrew for the Israeli market have also told local ad agencies and media buyers to pull YouTube ads. “I got unambiguous instructions,” the executive said. “I was told not to talk about it but to stop immediately all advertising on YouTube in all categories.” YouTube’s troubles prompted Artimedia, which aggregates local videos and carries advertising, to boycott YouTube, saying they could find their messages appearing next to content that is racist and inciting violence. A spokesman for Google Israel said the company was overhauling its policies. “We have begun a thorough review of our advertising policies and we publicly committed to implementing changes that will give brands better control over where their ads appear. We’re also raising the bar on our ad policies to better protect our advertiser brands.”   Nati Tucker Haaretz Contributor Nati Tucker Send me email alerts for new articles by Nati Tucker Send Close Email * Please enter your email Nati Tucker For a list of Haaretz newsletters, click here. Close  Send me email alerts for new articles by Nati Tucker Send me email alerts Want to enjoy 'Zen' reading - with no ads and just the article? Subscribe today Subscribe now Back to page skip - skip all comments Comments Sign in to join the conversation. Add a comment Name * Required field Subject * Required field Comment Send Cancel By adding a comment, I agree to this site’s Terms of use Thank you! Your comment was successfully submitted and will be published in accordance with site policy. If you would like to be notified when your comment is published, please fill in your email address in the form below. Email * Please enter valid email Keep me posted No thanks Please wait… An error has occurred Please try again later Close Sort comments by Newest first Oldest first Top-rated first Expand all 1 Reply Close Reply Close Load more Loading more comments skip - gone viral on facbook/haaretzcom Gone Viral skip - video Trending Now Does the Political Scientist Who Foresaw the Trump Era Still Believe in Democracy's Future? The Jewish Voice at the Heart of the Boycott Israel Movement 50 Shades of Benjamin Netanyahu's Gray-ish Hair U.S. Jews Will Never Be the Same After Mass AIPAC Protests Hamas Obtains Heavy Rockets to Wreak Havoc on Israeli Gaza Border Towns By Gili Cohen11 hours ago 3 comments 3 Israeli Air Force Holds Joint Exercise With United Arab Emirates, U.S. and Italy By Gili Cohen5 hours ago Nikki Haley, Rock Star to the Jews and Their Knight in Shining Armor By Chemi Shalev5 hours ago This is a primium article This article contains a video 2 comments 2 Smurfette Latest Victim of Israel's ultra-Orthodox Modesty Wars By Nirit Anderman4 hours ago 1 comments 1 U.S. Jewish Leaders Have Been Quietly Warning Israel Against Trump Promoted content Russian State Bank Confirms Jared Kushner Met Its Executives By Reuters10 hours ago Questioned About Backing BDS? It’s Illegal, and Israel Police Know It By Talia Sasson9 hours ago This is a primium article Nikki Haley: The Days of Israel Bashing at UN Are Over By JTA20 hours ago This article contains a video 2 comments 2 Get our top Business and Finance stories directly to your inbox – every week. Email* Please enter a valid email address Please enter your email Sign up I'd like to receive emails on offers, appeals and commercial info Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close Security & Aviation Hamas Faces Dilemma After Accusing Israel of Killing Top Militant in Gaza Assad Sends an Explosive Message to Israel Assassins of Top Hamas Militant Arrived by Sea, Gaza Reports Say Putin Told Israel That Its Freedom to Act Is Over, Syrian UN Envoy Says skip - Subscribe element skip - Read Now: U.S. Jews Will Never Be the Same After Mass AIPAC Protests ICYMI Scroll back Hamas Obtains Heavy Rockets to Wreak Havoc on Israeli Gaza Border Towns Nikki Haley, Rock Star to the Jews and Their Knight in Shining Armor Auschwitz Shuts Down After Nude Protesters Slaughter Sheep, Chain Selves to Gate Mossad Turned French Spies Into Double Agents After Joint Syria Op Flynn May Have Turned on Trump, Becomes FBI Informant, CNN Analyst Suggests This Canadian Model Is a Comedy Sensation in Israel Putin Told Israel That Its Freedom to Act Is Over, Syrian UN Envoy Says This Israeli Anchorwoman Is Terrifying Netanyahu Report: Israel Is Eighth Most Powerful Country in the World Assad Sends an Explosive Message to Israel Vice Co-founder Lists the '10 Things He Hates the Most About Jews' Mark Twain's Trumpian Book on the Holy Land Elite Nazi-allied Order: Trump Adviser Is Sworn Member I Arrive in Israel on March 21. Arrest Me Explained: What Just Happened Between Turkey and the Netherlands Secret Doc Reveals Israel Expelled Gazans After Six-Day War Next War With Lebanon Must Hit Civilians Where It Hurts, Bennett Says Richard Gere to Haaretz: The Occupation Is Indefensible Children Find a Treasure in Holocaust Survivors' Suitcase Locked for Decades Crusader Shipwreck, Gold Found by Diving Archaeologists in Israel Scroll forward FAQ Contact us Newsletters Terms and conditions Privacy policy Management Editorial Accessibility Advertise on Haaretz.com RSS Contact us Download our Android app Download our iOS app gPlus Facebook Twitter Israel News Middle East Jewish World U.S./World Business Partnerships Dan Hotels in Tel Aviv Haaretz Labels Michael Laitman Love Quotes - LifeHacks Life Archaeology Science Sports Culture Purim Books Travel Theater Movies and TV Food Poem of the Week Columnists Bradley Burston Chemi Shalev Allison Kaplan Sommer Anshel Pfeffer Sayed Kashua Ilene Prusher David Rosenberg Carlo Strenger Vered Guttman Opinion Daily Cartoon Letters to the Editor הארץ מתכונים לפסח חדשות גלריה ספורט ספרים סרטים מומלצים קפטן אינטרנט TheMarker Finance חדשות שוק ההון צרכנות נדל"ן Haaretz.com, the online edition of Haaretz Newspaper in Israel, and analysis from Israel and the Middle East. Haaretz.com provides extensive and in-depth coverage of Israel, the Jewish World and the Middle East, including defense, diplomacy, the Arab-Israeli conflict, the peace process, Israeli politics, Jerusalem affairs, international relations, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, the Palestinian Authority, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, the Israeli business world and Jewish life in Israel and the Diaspora. © Haaretz Daily Newspaper Ltd. All Rights Reserved skip - new Analytics skip - skip - default close skip - skip - skip - Crazy egg skip - collecting surfing data - responsive skip - skip - skip - skip - access list by IP script skip - skip - skip - skip - maavaron
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Orlando Nightclub Massacre London Parliament Attack TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Tech Tech News Gadgets Internet Security Innovation Mobile Tech Mar 23 2017, 1:52 pm ET Now You Can Use Your Phone to Withdraw Cash at Wells Fargo ATMs by Reuters Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement Starting on Monday, Wells Fargo customers can withdraw money using a smartphone at any branded ATM, the latest sign of U.S. lenders moving away from traditional brick-and-mortar banking. Jonathan Velline, Wells Fargo's head of ATM and branch banking, said that the San Francisco-based bank decided to apply the smartphone technology to all of its 13,000 cash machines after piloting the idea in select locations across the country. Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase are among the big banks that have announced digital upgrades to their ATM infrastructure, but Wells Fargo is the first U.S. bank to roll out cardless machines across its entire network. Play Facebook Twitter Embed One touch at the ATM can reveal your last meal 0:53 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/810591299535" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> The 20 million customers on Wells Fargo's mobile banking app will be able to request an eight-digit code to enter along with their personal identification code at an ATM to retrieve cash. "The new feature allows customers to withdraw cash at any time, even when they don't have their cards on them," Velline said. The new option will also improve protections against data theft, Velline said. Related: The Stubborn Costs that Banks Can't Erase "Security certainly was a big aspect of the cardless feature and the two-step identification helps reduce the risk of fraud," Velline said, adding that the elimination of cards prevented so-called skimming techniques that criminals employ to read and store data of cards inserted into ATMs. Wells Fargo, the third-largest U.S. bank, was once the envy of Wall Street, able to seemingly sell its customers a range of different products and highly regarded for its stock price which had once made it the world's most valuable bank. But last year's revelations over a sales scandal that involved the creation of as many as 2.1 million fraudulent accounts in customers' names without their permission took a toll on the company. The lender has since seen a sharp drop in the number of consumers opening checking and credit card accounts. Related: Wells Fargo Account Openings Dive by 44 Percent As have many other U.S. lenders over the last years, Wells Fargo has invested in the development of digital tools to attract customers and slash costs at its retail branches. "Digitalizing services is unquestionably the way to the future and the arguments are very powerful, but U.S. banks are still far behind," said Gerard du Toit, a partner at consulting firm Bain & Company. Accessible, well-designed digital offers not only provide a massive cost advantage, but also significantly improve customer loyalty, du Toit said. Reuters Topics Tech News, Business News, Lifestyle First Published Mar 23 2017, 1:52 pm ET Next Story Uber Releases Its First Diversity Report, And It Looks Like Pretty Much Every Other Tech Company advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Login / Register New York Miami Los Angeles TRData LLNYC News Residential Commercial Finance Tech Politics Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers The Real Deal New York The sit-down: Extell’s Gary Barnett on One Manhattan Square, financing megaprojects and “pedestrian” BK towers “This is New York City – you sue somebody, you sue the whole world.” By Mark Maurer | March 24, 2017 07:00AM Gary Barnett (credit: Alistair Gardiner for The Real Deal) Imagine scoring more than $1 billion in financing but still being miles from the finish line. That’s where Gary Barnett finds himself today, but the chief of Extell Development has fought this fight before and prevailed. The Real Deal caught up with Barnett at his Midtown office last week for an in-depth interview. The developer, casually clad in a black turtleneck, discussed the state of play at One Manhattan Square and Central Park Tower, two major condominium projects for which he’s looking to score funds. He also talked about his plans for other major projects, such as the City Point megadevelopment in Downtown Brooklyn, where he’s mulling going co-op, an unusual move in Brooklyn’s new development market. And he shared his thoughts on everything from the Israeli bond market to President Trump. (This interview has been edited for length and clarity.) The first 100 condo units at One Manhattan Square are now in contract. Are you giving big concessions when needed? We’ve been giving very small concessions. Discounts are between 0 and 3 percent on average. Some units might be at 4 or 5 percent. It really what the demand is for particular units. One of the most important things about that building is that we do have a 20-year tax abatement. That’s very helpful in terms of carrying costs. If people wanted to buy it as an investment or rent it out, they could actually get a 3 or 4 percent return, which is not so bad today. But you’re also raising prices. Is that contradictory? You’ve also tried to appeal to brokers. We’re not raising prices a lot. We’re more tweaking prices by a couple percent to put it in line with where we see the demand. That’s what we do. You have to adjust prices whenever you’re doing a new building. It’s rare you get it perfectly right. In terms of paying 50 percent of the commissions at signing, we are doing that in all our new development projects now because we want to be competitive with existing product. We just want to make sure there’s a reasonable incentive for brokers to do a deal in our buildings. Once they bring their clients to our buildings, we’re confident that the properties will prove themselves. We’re putting out the money obviously a couple years in advance, but we’re ready to do that. We’re not giving them the whole commission because we want them to be there throughout the process. Where are the buyers at One Manhattan Square coming from? We’re seeing a decent amount of Asian buyers. A lot of domestic Asian, not foreign so much. Either they live in Flushing or Downtown Manhattan, and they want to make an investment in real estate. Some of them are going to move in, or their kids will. And some are going to rent it out. What I’ve seen is once the buildings are completed and sold out, invariably the prices go up. Because then you’re only seeing one or two on sales at a time. When the sponsor still has units left, you’re competing and there’s a cap on it. What kind of sales do you have to hit to pay off the project’s loans? We’re up to $650 million [in financing] probably now. We think we’ll get up to $750 million. If we close the whole first mortgage construction loan, I think we’ll need to sell another 350 to 400 units, less than half the building. Gary Barnett (credit: Alistair Gardiner for The Real Deal) You were hoping to score a construction loan for Central Park Tower to replace the $235 million Blackstone land loan, but you ended up refinancing. What went wrong? We were not ready for it. This is a significant loan. We have to be far down the road in terms of buying out the job. We did an interim bridge loan till the end of the year. Blackstone stayed on for a small piece of the deal, and JPMorgan came in as the lead. Now we are ready for a construction loan in the neighborhood of $900 million and we expect to get one in the next few months. That only represents $1,800 a foot. It would be a very conservative construction loan. How did you link up with SMI, your Chinese equity partner on Central Park Tower? SMI was brought in to us by a broker. It took us a long time to negotiate a deal. They were very tough negotiators, but at the end of the day, we got a deal done that worked for everybody. Was the deal for the Carnegie Deli site a defensive acquisition? Actually not. We have all the air rights from that building, and all the rights on the block. It was just a good buy, if you look at the price we paid. That was a particular opportunity – there had been trouble. It was shut down for a while and you had the gas stuff going on there. For whatever reason, we were able to get it at an attractive price. We do that; we own little buildings. Sometimes it’s worthwhile to trade them. Why do it when you have so many enormous projects? It’s a little thing – it’s no big deal. How about your City Point project on Willoughby Street in Downtown Brooklyn? That’s an example of the change in the market. When we bought it, we thought it was a good buy. Today, it’s a big project, harder to finance and costly to build. The rental market is down. We think we’re going to build the nicest building in Brooklyn. Unfortunately for us, we only know how to build one way, so it’s going to cost more than your typical Brooklyn building. The plan is to do smaller units, mostly studios, ones and twos, some smaller threes. Most likely, we’ll have to go co-op or condo. If it’s co-op, it’s purely a function of the structure of the whole Acadia Realty Trust deal. You mentioned “the typical Brooklyn building.” Could you elaborate? A lot of the recent crop of buildings to date is pretty pedestrian. We’re subject to the architectural standards board, which had to rule on our building. They wanted to see a nice building too. Even if we didn’t want to build a beautiful building, we really had to. You’ve raised a significant sum on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. But that comes with headaches. How do you feel about having to constantly disclose information to Israeli investors? It’s a pain. But that’s the business. You have the disclosure requirements of a public company. We should’ve known what we were getting into. There’s some inconvenience to it, nothing terrible. We don’t have any big secrets. Everything’s got to be audited. It’s okay. You can’t issue a bond offering and then do whatever the hell you want. Last year, there was a scare when Extell took longer than expected to secure financing for One Manhattan Square and the yields on your bonds soared. I’m upset and I feel bad that some of the original investors who bought in at par then for whatever reason decided to sell at a loss. I’m very unhappy that they sold at a loss. I don’t like people to buy bonds that are based on our doing a good job and people losing faith and selling at a loss. That’s what happened with a bunch of the investors. I feel bad about that, but we did do everything we were supposed to do. There were projects that people didn’t think we’d get everything done at, but we did get everything done. Not a one of them failed. I feel bad, but you shouldn’t have sold. The analysis that you bought with was that the company has tremendous net asset value and low leverage, and so you felt comfortable buying the bonds. Nothing changed. Do you get a call from the Ring brothers every time you sell a property? Both Ring brothers are very happy with us. One of them is still a minority partner in the portfolio. The other is doing very well – he took some of the money he got from us. We sold him a building on West End Avenue [in the 60s] so he could do a tax-free exchange, and that building has worked out exceptionally well for him. (In 2014, TRD did an in-depth interview with Barnett on how he won the Ring portfolio. Read it here.) How are you and Joe Chetrit in the wake of the $400 million lawsuit he filed over the Ring portfolio deal? The lawsuit is complete nonsense. We have nothing to do with it. That’s a fight between him and a partner, Joseph Tabak, and we’re a collateral lawsuit. They’ve been partners for many, many years. It’s not understandable to me why people get into fights over something like that. They’re both super wealthy. Let them fight it out. I don’t know why we need to be involved. This is New York City – you sue somebody, you sue the whole world. Donald Trump sued us too – same story. He was upset with his Chinese partners so he sued us. It wasn’t a big deal, but just a waste of money. I’ve had only good relations with Donald. It’s who he is. Nobody took that personally. How do you see the Trump administration affecting the market? I think Donald is a great developer. He’s truly a visionary developer in New York City, from Riverside – which we took and continued onward with – to Trump Tower. People don’t realize he was a real assembler and developer. Time will tell what kind of president he turns out to be. God willing he’ll turn out good for the country, though I have to say you’re not getting the right vibes out of Washington right now. Too many problems. Given where we are in the cycle, do you wish you had fewer projects? How does this compare to where you were in the last cycle? We survived that downturn and we’re in much better shape than we were then. What was the most harrowing thing about that period for you? The capital markets just died overnight. That was a nerve-wracking time for sure. But we got through it with God’s help. I don’t see anything comparable to that right now. We’ve got oversupply in some areas of the market, and that’s pretty much it. The banking industry is as healthy as it can be. They are looking to do loans. We’ve got a record stock market. There definitely has to be an adjustment in the amount of supply coming in – there is going to be. We’re already seeing a cutback in supply. God willing everything stays stable in the overall economy. We’ll get through it, with maybe a minor correction. Stuart Elliott contributed reporting. Tags: Central Park Tower, extell development, gary barnett, One Manhattan Square Short URL Print Subscribe to our e-Lerts New York Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup South Florida Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup Los Angeles Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup China Watch Coming soon! Weekly Roundup Popular Daniel Loeb’s $15B hedge fund Third Point heading to Hudson Yards: sources Avery Hall closes on Park Slope grocery store site for $45.6 million The condos beckon: Arthur Becker going it alone on Tribeca boutique project Here’s what the $10M-$20M NYC investment sales market looked like last week Carmel Partners scores $64M to refi Yorkville rental building More Stories Inside the current Issue Real estate’s red tape nightmare Farewell, safe-haven status The NYC rental firm brawl New York eyes outsized share of $1 trillion prize The Closing: Gene Kaufman more stories Sites South Florida Los Angeles TRData LLNYC Other Links Directory Shop About Us Staff Directory Contact Us Privacy Policy Careers STAY CONNECTED Join over 200,000 real estate professionals who receive our daily newsletter All rights reserved © 2017 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc. 450 West 31st Street, New York, NY 10001 Phone: 212-260-1332 MENU News Residential Commercial Finance Tech Politics Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us כ"ט אדר תשע"ז   |   Monday, March 27, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Caught Between JPMorgan and Wal-Mart, Congress Avoids Fee Rule Caught Between JPMorgan and Wal-Mart, Congress Avoids Fee Rule Monday, March 27, 2017 at 6:06 pm | כ"ט אדר תשע"ז (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky, File) (Bloomberg) - Congressional Republicans are eager to overhaul the Dodd-Frank financial law. One part, however, they wouldn’t mind putting off. That’s the provision that limits how much money debit-card companies are allowed to collect from each consumer sale. Generally speaking, banks are against the limit and retailers are in favor. Persuading Congress to change the 2010 banking law is a longshot, but that’s not stopping both industries from spending millions to remind lawmakers, sometimes multiple times a day, that a vote the other way will displease them. Titans such as JPMorgan Chase, who say they use revenue from so-called swipe fees to beef up cybersecurity and offer rewards programs, contend the government shouldn’t set prices. Behemoths like Wal-Mart Stores, who say lower fees translate to lower prices, argue the credit-card industry operates like a monopoly and needs more regulation. The years-long lobbying fight has been reinvigorated by President Donald Trump’s call to rip up financial rules. Stuck in the middle are lawmakers from both parties who prefer cordial relations, and campaign contributions, from both sides. “This is like choosing between children,’’ said Issac Boltansky, a financial regulation analyst at Compass Point Research & Trading. “It’s brutal for everyone involved.’’ Swipe fees, also known as interchange fees, are set by Visa Inc. and MasterCard Inc., but most of the money goes to banks. A provision of the Dodd-Frank law added by Illinois Democratic Sen. Richard Durbin capped fees for debit cards at about 24 cents per transaction while leaving credit cards alone. Before the Durbin amendment, the average swipe fee for debits was about 44 cents. That means the measure has cost the banking industry $9 billion in revenue, according to analysts at Goldman Sachs. Other rules in Dodd-Frank, such as the Volcker Rule restricting bank trading and the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, get more attention. The Durbin amendment, however, is probably disliked most by banks. Many Republicans and Democrats agree on one thing about swipe-fee limits: they’re a pain in the neck. “This issue always makes me grumpy,” said Rep. Jim Himes, a Connecticut Democrat and former Goldman Sachs banker. “I’m being forced to choose between the competing interests of two big industries.” “We’re listening to everyone,’’ said Scott Tipton, a Colorado Republican. “This is an ongoing issue.” “We haven’t taken a position on this yet,” said Rep. Claudia Tenney, a Republican from New York. “If you contact our office, we’ll talk to you about that at another time when I’m prepared to talk about that,’’ said Texas Democrat Al Green. A major annoyance for elected officials: the 4.7 million stores and restaurants across the country that accept debit cards and the 5,000 commercial banks that issue them. The vast numbers increase the odds that in each of the country’s 435 congressional districts, regardless of the outcome of the vote, someone will be pitching a fit. Making changes to Dodd-Frank won’t be quick or easy, especially with Congress distracted by tax reform and infrastructure. The battle has been going on for years in court, too, with retailers squaring off against Visa and MasterCard over interchange fees. The U.S. Supreme Court Monday refused to allow a $5.7 billion settlement between the parties in a case that now promises years of additional litigation. On Capitol Hill, the courts and in business negotiations, the stake from both debit and credit-card fees is roughly $50 billion. To ply an advantage in Washington, retailers have spent nearly $359 million on lobbying since 2010, according to OpenSecrets.org. During that time, banks and payment companies have spent about $248 million. Those totals include advocacy on other issues besides debit cards. “This isn’t just about a bill, it’s about billable hours,’’ said Charles Gabriel, a financial regulation expert at Capital Alpha Partners in Washington. “It’s crunch time for all the lobbyists on both sides who’ve been fighting this for years.’’ Lobbyists have called on the so-called little guys to make their cases on Capitol Hill. Financial firms are relying on community bankers and credit union executives like Randall Dixon, chief executive officer of Energy Capital in Houston, to make their case. Before one recent Washington visit, lobbyists coached them on what to say about debit cards. “Lawmakers in Texas need to understand that there should be a level playing field,” said Dixon, who was among hundreds of credit union executives introduced to members of Congress this month by the Credit Union National Association. “They need to hear from people like me.” Retail groups, including those whose members include Home Depot Inc. and Target Corp., have recruited hundreds of restaurant owners, convenience-store managers and other small-business owners around the country to make the opposite case. “This is a top priority,” said Doug Kantor, a partner at the law firm Steptoe Johnson who works on behalf of groups including the National Association of Convenience Stores. “We’re doing all of the things that you do when you want to lobby an issue hard.” Retailers and their allies in Congress claim a small victory, perhaps short-lived, because Republicans have yet to introduce their latest updating of Dodd-Frank, dubbed the Financial Choice Act. “Durbin is an important part of this bill. As a matter of principle, Republicans do not believe in federal price controls,” Jeb Hensarling, the Texan who’s chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, said in a statement. “Members are continuing to listen to both sides on this issue. We’ll see how that plays out.” Debit-card fees were one of the criteria for Republicans to join the Financial Services committee this term. An assignment on the panel is a plum gig, especially for freshman lawmakers who can use it as access to Wall Street’s deep pockets. Hensarling asked every candidate in a sit-down interview whether they supported the Financial Choice Act and, specifically, a repeal of the Durbin amendment. “The delay of Hensarling’s plan is evidence of the resistance,” said Rep. Peter Welch, a Vermont Democrat. “There’s a lot of pushback from members who would prefer not to have to take that vote.” Even the data has pitted one side against the other. A study by the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond, often cited by bank lobbyists, found that most merchants raised prices or did nothing as a result of the Durbin Amendment. But retailers frequently refer to their own research, that consumers saved nearly $6 billion just in 2012 because of the Durbin provision. “It’s consumers that are caught in the crosshairs,” said Glen Sarvady, an independent consultant who works with credit unions. “This is really just a broader battle about who has the stronger hand to play between the two industries.” Filed under: Bank, Card, JP Morgan, Retail, Wal-Mart Print Email Gmail Related JPMorgan’s Dimon: Target Breach Is a Wake-Up Call Supreme Court Won’t Hear Dispute Over Debit-Card Fees Banks, Retailers Take Swipes at Each Other Over Dodd-Frank Fees House Approves Volcker-Rule Delay Despite Obama Veto Threat US Appeals Court Upholds Fed’s Cap on ‘Swipe’ Fees More in Business Hertz Shares Bear Brunt of Reaction to Used-Car Price Drop Uber Suspends Self-Driving Car Program in 2 States Stocks Dip as ‘Trump Trade’ Heads in Reverse Supreme Court Won’t Restore $7.25B Swipe-Fees Settlement European Regulators Clear Dow Chemical-DuPont Merger OP-ED Time for Kurdish Independence? The Wages of Hatred on a City Street Renewing the Relationship The Shameful Vote Which Confirmed the Envoy to Israel When the Government’s Policy Is to Pass the Buck Threat Ratings The Unpleasant Truth About Purim A Breath of Fresh Air for Israel Unfair Play Working for a Solution Juggling Act The Real World of Obamacare Repeal We Didn’t Think we Agreed on Undocumented Immigration. We Were Wrong. The “Trial” of Neil Gorsuch Features Editorial Cartoon – March 27, 2017 Sudoku – March 27, 2017 Inside Stories This Day In History 29 Adar/March 27 Mrs. Henna Feintuch (Part II) Can My ‘On the Spectrum’ Son Stay in a Mainstream School? Nichum Aveilim 29 Adar/March 27 כ”ק מרן אדמו”ר מסקווירא זי”א Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav Underestimated, Overvalued Translating Plans Into Reality Editorial Cartoon – March 24, 2017 Sudoku – March 24, 2017 Vacation Choices Weather » Brooklyn 52°F Overcast See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,840.37 +11.64 (+0.20%) S&P 500 2,341.59 -2.39 (-0.10%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9202 GBP 0.7957 ILS 3.6117 CHF 0.9851 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Firstpost . Wednesday, March 29, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics Mohan Bhagwat as President: Congress rejects Shiv Sena's candidate, says doesn't support RSS ideology Congress leader courts controversy after 'menstruation impure' comment Air India cancels Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad's ticket for Wednesday's flight Will Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik pay a political price? Hiding farmers' suicides may catapult BJP ahead of BJD UP's meat market set to change forever after Yogi Adityanath's crackdown on industry Energy Efficiency Services Ltd dismisses charges of irregularities in LED procurement Sports Sri Lanka vs Bangladesh, 2nd ODI: Kusal Mendis, Taskin Ahmed's heroics washed out by rain in Dambulla World Cup qualifiers: Sergio Ramos believes Spain are 'discovering their old domination' ahead of France clash India Open 2017: Four women shuttlers enter main draw, Aditya Joshi, Harsheel Dani bow out Davis Cup: Mahesh Bhupathi picks four singles player, keeps Leander Paes, Rohan Bopanna as reserve India vs Australia Test series stats wrap: From hosts' stellar run of form to KL Rahul's brilliant performance Miami Open: Roger Federer says his priority is 'winning tournaments' at this time and not rankings India Ulfa sends warning to Dalai Lama, tells Tibetan leader to not criticise China from Assam's soil White House briefly lockeddown after US Secret Service detains man with suspicious package Pakistan says Facebook vows to tackle concerns over blasphemous content | Reuters Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad case: Centre mulls no-fliers list for unruly passengers Prime Minister Modi to visit Washington this year - White House | Reuters Attack on Nigerian students: Beyond emboldening skin-colour bias, hate crime is a sign of widening communal divide World White House in lockdown after man approaches Secret Service with 'suspicious package' German SPD narrows gap to Merkel's conservatives in Allensbach poll | Reuters UK government rejects Scotland's bid for second independence referendum | Reuters Preview - Arab leaders seek common ground at summit on Palestinian state | Reuters Scottish parliament backs bid for new independence referendum | Reuters Bodies discovered in central Congo are U.N. investigators - government | Reuters Business Consolidation of PSU banks necessary for strong credit growth and job creation, says BBB's Vinod Rai Watch: India lost 11 billionaires post demonetisation, says research firm Hurun Nifty ends above 9,100-mark as positive global market cues aid recovery Watch: Indians are spoilt for choice where smartphones, telecommunication markets are concerned Air India: Why are MPs hell bent on funding the white elephant with tax-payers' money? SBI spent Rs 775 cr in maintaining Jan Dhan accounts says govt Life Divine food: This Chennai temple serves burgers, brownies and salad as prasad Durga Saptashati: How a centuries-old epic shaped the spiritual backbone of Navratri Watch: Priya Dutt talks politics, ambition and lineage in the latest episode of First Lady Entertainment Vidya Balan starrer Begum Jaan may not release in Pakistan says producer Vishesh Bhatt Marvel's Inhumans logo unveiled; series date, IMAX release announced Spider-Man: Homecoming trailer - Spotlight's on Iron Man, Vulture and recreating iconic train scene Sunil Grover tweets out emotional message post fight with Kapil Sharma; talks about future Poorna: All you need to know about this film directed by and starring Rahul Bose Baahubali 2: The Conclusion music review - Keeravaani weaves magic that's as grand as the film Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी You are here: Latest News World News Turkish gold trader hires Giuliani, Mukasey in U.S. sanctions case | Reuters Turkish gold trader hires Giuliani, Mukasey in U.S. sanctions case | Reuters ReutersMar, 28 2017 03:00:09 IST #Reuters By Jonathan Stempel | NEW YORK NEW YORK A wealthy Turkish gold trader's decision to hire former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and former U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey to represent him, as he defends against charges he conspired to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran, raises a potential conflict of interest, prosecutors said.At least eight big banks allegedly victimized by the trader, Reza Zarrab, are current or former clients of Giuliani and Mukasey's law firms, acting U.S. Attorney Joon Kim in Manhattan said in a letter dated Monday to the federal judge hearing the case.The banks' relationships with the law firms require a special hearing, known as a "Curcio" hearing, to make sure Zarrab understands the potential conflict, Kim said.Giuliani is a lawyer for Greenberg Traurig, while Mukasey, who is also a former federal judge, is a lawyer for Debevoise & Plimpton. Neither firm had an immediate comment. The eight banks are Bank of America Corp, Citigroup Inc, Deutsche Bank AG, HSBC Holdings Plc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Standard Chartered Plc, UBS Group AG and Wells Fargo & Co."Through various deceptive acts, including layering the transactions and omitting information concerning the Iranian nexus, Zarrab and his co-conspirators allegedly tricked numerous U.S. financial institutions into processing barred transactions, thus exposing them to significant potential loss," Kim said in a letter to U.S. District Judge Richard Berman, explaining the potential conflict of interest.Prosecutors accused the Iranian-born Zarrab and two others of engaging in hundreds of millions of dollars of transactions for Iran's government and Iranian entities from 2010 to 2015, in a scheme to evade U.S. sanctions. A trial is scheduled for Aug. 21. Zarrab has been in federal custody since his March 21, 2016, arrest in Miami, while en route to Disney World with his wife and daughter.Holding a Curcio hearing now could eliminate one ground for appeal if the case goes against Zarrab. The case has been closely watched in Turkey, where Zarrab was arrested in 2013 in a corruption probe into individuals with close ties to Tayyip Erdogan, then Turkey's prime minister and now its president. Zarrab is a dual national of Iran and Turkey.Another lawyer for Zarrab, Benjamin Brafman, said in a letter on Monday that Giuliani and Mukasey's roles "will not require any appearance in court and, accordingly, a hearing is not required."The case is U.S. v. Zarrab, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 15-cr-00867. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Mar 28, 2017 03:00 am | Updated Date: Mar 28, 2017 03:00 am Also See Germany, Netherlands revise travel advisories for Turkey | Reuters Niger sentences exiled politician in baby-trafficking case | Reuters Gold steadies on prospect of imminent U.S. rate rises | Reuters Intel's $15 billion purchase of Mobileye shakes up driverless car sector | Reuters Top Stories Budgam encounter ends; one militant and 3 civilians killed, 18 injured Govt for Constitutional Status to Backward Classes Commission, Parties fear Exclusion India vs Australia: Forget the bland 2-1 scoreline, this series was Test cricket at its sublime best Will Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik pay a political price? Hiding farmers' suicides may catapult BJP ahead of BJD Just a week to go for tax saving: What are your options? Baahubali 2: The Conclusion music review - Keeravaani weaves magic that's as grand as the film Aadhaar legal tangle: Govt can be taken to task for contempt of court; experts wonder why SC didn't Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 3 ODI Series, 2017 Match Abandoned Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 Pakistan beat West Indies by 6 wickets Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 3 ODI Series, 2017 Bangladesh beat Sri Lanka by 90 runs Australia in India, 4 Test Series, 2017 India beat Australia by 8 wickets South Africa in New Zealand, 3 Test Series, 2017 Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Afghanistan beat Ireland by 7 wickets Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Ireland beat Afghanistan by 3 wickets Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Ireland beat Afghanistan by 6 wickets Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Afghanistan beat Ireland by 34 runs Australia in India, 4 Test Series, 2017 India drew with Australia Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Mar 30th, 2017, 10:00 PM IST Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 3 ODI Series, 2017 SL vs BAN - Apr 1st, 2017, 09:30 AM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 1st, 2017, 10:00 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 2nd, 2017, 10:00 PM IST Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 2 T20 International Series, 2017 SL vs BAN - Apr 4th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs BLR - Apr 5th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 2 T20 International Series, 2017 SL vs BAN - Apr 6th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs MUM - Apr 6th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 7th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs KOL - Apr 7th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Budget 2017 Assembly Election Results 2017 Weather E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Brookhaven Buckhead Dunwoody Sandy Springs Perimeter Business Special Sections Education Guide – Fall 2016 About us Work For Us Privacy Policy Contact us Advertise with us Where to find us Digital Edition Classifieds & Legal Notices Posted by John Ruch on March 27, 2017. Condemned Sandy Springs house finally sold, demolished Four years after it was condemned, a fire-damaged house at 337 Hilderbrand Drive in Sandy Springs was finally demolished last week. The teardown was done by Swanton Davis, whom mortgage lender JPMorgan Chase finally allowed to buy the property after about 16 months of trying. The house at 337 Hilderbrand Drive undergoing demolition on March 17. (John Ruch) “I got that eyesore out of the public eye,” said Davis, a property developer. He said the property will remain a vacant lot until around mid-2018, when his son will graduate college and start his own development career with a single-family house on the site. The Hilderbrand house was among thousands nationwide left in disrepair amid legal confusion in the wake of the 2007-2008 mortgage crisis. It was condemned after a February 2013 fire that forced former owner Charles Farlow to move out and caused extensive damage he said he couldn’t afford to repair. Farlow had previously transferred the house’s ownership to his mother Myrleen as part of an attempt to negotiate with Chase on mortgage payments. City inspectors found the situation confusing and took Charles Farlow, Chase or both to court several times — even jailing Farlow at one point — with little result. In recent months, Farlow said he had lined up Davis as a buyer for the property, but that Chase would not agree to the sale. Meanwhile, neighbors stepped up pressure on the city to do something, including by circulating a petition. At a February court hearing, the city got authority to demolish the house and take down “dangerous” trees. Chase, which did not immediately respond to a comment request, had an attorney at that hearing who agreed to the plan and said it was attempting to arrange a buyer. That buyer turned out to be Davis, who said he signed a contract with Myrleen Farlow about 16 months ago and was just waiting on the bank, which finally gave its “blessing.” He organized and paid for the house’s demolition. “I don’t know why Chase wouldn’t go ahead and [say], ‘Get this off our books,’” Davis said. “I know the bank knew how much of a nuisance it was to the city.” “The city was reimbursed for most of its expenses,” said City Attorney Wendell Willard. “We consider this a successful resolution of the problem.” One neighbor who had pushed for action on the property as it attracted homeless people and dropped tree limbs said he remained unhappy with how long it took the city to work out a solution, though he praised Mayor Rusty Paul’s efforts. And Chase, the neighbor said, should be “publicly shamed” for failing to take responsibility for the property’s condition for years. “I’m disappointed the lot will remain undeveloped for a period of time,” the neighbor said, “but certainly, no house is better than the dangerous structure we’ve all had to live next to for so many years now.” About John Ruch Mail | More Posts (1011) Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website CAPTCHA Code * Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Recent Posts Buckhead Coalition invites three new members Dunwoody council looks at height, buffers in proposed Perimeter Center zoning Condemned Sandy Springs house finally sold, demolished DeKalb Commissioner Jester pledges $353,400 to buy Brookhaven green space near Murphey Candler Park Annual survey on Atlanta residents’ satisfaction is now live Community Links City of Atlanta City of Brookhaven City of Brookhaven – Calendar of Events City of Dunwoody City of Dunwoody – Calendar of Events City of Sandy Springs City of Sandy Springs – Community Calendar City of Sandy Springs – Public Meeting Calendar CVB of Dunwoody – Things to do in Dunwoody Sandy Springs Hospitality & Tourism My Tweets Quick Links Facebook Search Our Archives Twitter Home Brookhaven Buckhead Dunwoody Sandy Springs Perimeter Business Special Sections Education Guide – Fall 2016 About us Work For Us Privacy Policy Contact us Advertise with us Where to find us Digital Edition Classifieds & Legal Notices © 2017, ↑ Reporter Newspapers Log in- Posts - Add New - Powered by WordPress - Designed by Gabfire Themes Sign up for our NewsMails Enter your email and stay on top of local news!
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook International Turkish Gold Trader Hires Giuliani, Mukasey in US Sanctions Case International Turkish Gold Trader Hires Giuliani, Mukasey in US Sanctions Case By Reuters | March 27, 2017 AT 5:13 PM Last Updated: March 27, 2017 5:13 pm Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani walks through the lobby at Trump Tower on Jan. 11, 2017. (TIMOTHY A. CLARY/AFP/Getty Images) NEW YORK—A wealthy Turkish gold trader’s decision to hire former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and former U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey to represent him, as he defends against charges he conspired to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran, raises a potential conflict of interest, prosecutors said. At least eight big banks allegedly victimized by the trader, Reza Zarrab, are current or former clients of Giuliani and Mukasey’s law firms, acting U.S. Attorney Joon Kim in Manhattan said in a letter dated Monday to the federal judge hearing the case. The banks’ relationships with the law firms require a special hearing, known as a “Curcio” hearing, to make sure Zarrab understands the potential conflict, Kim said. Giuliani is a lawyer for Greenberg Traurig, while Mukasey, who is also a former federal judge, is a lawyer for Debevoise & Plimpton. Neither firm had an immediate comment. The eight banks are Bank of America Corp, Citigroup Inc, Deutsche Bank AG, HSBC Holdings Plc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Standard Chartered Plc, UBS Group AG and Wells Fargo & Co. “Through various deceptive acts, including layering the transactions and omitting information concerning the Iranian nexus, Zarrab and his co-conspirators allegedly tricked numerous U.S. financial institutions into processing barred transactions, thus exposing them to significant potential loss,” Kim said in a letter to U.S. District Judge Richard Berman, explaining the potential conflict of interest. Former U.S. attorney general Michael Mukasey during the second day of confirmation hearings on Senator Jeff Sessions (R-AL) nomination to be U.S. attorney general in Washington on Jan. 11, 2017. (REUTERS/Joshua Roberts) Prosecutors accused the Iranian-born Zarrab and two others of engaging in hundreds of millions of dollars of transactions for Iran’s government and Iranian entities from 2010 to 2015, in a scheme to evade U.S. sanctions. A trial is scheduled for Aug. 21. Zarrab has been in federal custody since his March 21, 2016, arrest in Miami, while en route to Disney World with his wife and daughter. Holding a Curcio hearing now could eliminate one ground for appeal if the case goes against Zarrab. The case has been closely watched in Turkey, where Zarrab was arrested in 2013 in a corruption probe into individuals with close ties to Tayyip Erdogan, then Turkey’s prime minister and now its president. Zarrab is a dual national of Iran and Turkey. Another lawyer for Zarrab, Benjamin Brafman, said in a letter on Monday that Giuliani and Mukasey’s roles “will not require any appearance in court and, accordingly, a hearing is not required.” Editor’s Picks Visual Proof of Atrocities Featured at Commemoration of the Six-Year-Long Syrian Conflict If Confirmed, Gorsuch Would Work to Restore Judicial Independence Yemen Moves From Crisis to Brink of Disaster Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in InternationalUS Sanctions 30 Firms, Individuals for Aiding Iran, North Korea Arms ProgramsRussia’s Putin Meets French Presidential Contender Le Pen in KremlinEgypt’s Toppled President Mubarak Freed After 6-year DetentionSwiss Foreign Minister Warns Turkey Against Illegal Spying Latest in World International US Sanctions 30 Firms, Individuals for Aiding Iran, North Korea Arms Programs International Russia’s Putin Meets French Presidential Contender Le Pen in Kremlin International Egypt’s Toppled President Mubarak Freed After 6-year Detention International Swiss Foreign Minister Warns Turkey Against Illegal Spying International Fillon Accuses French President of Involvement in Campaign to Damage Him International Yemen Moves From Crisis to Brink of Disaster International London Attack a Reminder of Fears for Post-Brexit Security Cooperation International UK Parliament Attacker Named as British-Born Khalid Masood International Belgium Arrests Man Trying to Drive Down Shopping Street at High Speed × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Photos Videos Topics Live SA 80/5 (39) - NZ 489/10 (162.1) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home World Turkish gold trader hires Giuliani, Mukasey in U.S. sanctions case Shares1 Tue, 28 Mar 2017-02:21am , Reuters A wealthy Turkish gold trader's decision to hire former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and former U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey to represent him, as he defends against charges he conspired to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran, raises a potential conflict of interest, prosecutors said. At least eight big banks allegedly victimized by the trader, Reza Zarrab, are current or former clients of Giuliani and Mukasey's law firms, acting U.S. Attorney Joon Kim in Manhattan said in a letter dated Monday to the federal judge hearing the case. The banks' relationships with the law firms require a special hearing, known as a "Curcio" hearing, to make sure Zarrab understands the potential conflict, Kim said. Giuliani is a lawyer for Greenberg Traurig, while Mukasey, who is also a former federal judge, is a lawyer for Debevoise & Plimpton. Neither firm had an immediate comment. The eight banks are Bank of America Corp, Citigroup Inc, Deutsche Bank AG, HSBC Holdings Plc , JPMorgan Chase & Co, Standard Chartered Plc , UBS Group AG and Wells Fargo & Co. "Through various deceptive acts, including layering the transactions and omitting information concerning the Iranian nexus, Zarrab and his co-conspirators allegedly tricked numerous U.S. financial institutions into processing barred transactions, thus exposing them to significant potential loss," Kim said in a letter to U.S. District Judge Richard Berman, explaining the potential conflict of interest. Prosecutors accused the Iranian-born Zarrab and two others of engaging in hundreds of millions of dollars of transactions for Iran's government and Iranian entities from 2010 to 2015, in a scheme to evade U.S. sanctions. A trial is scheduled for Aug. 21. Zarrab has been in federal custody since his March 21, 2016, arrest in Miami, while en route to Disney World with his wife and daughter. Holding a Curcio hearing now could eliminate one ground for appeal if the case goes against Zarrab. The case has been closely watched in Turkey, where Zarrab was arrested in 2013 in a corruption probe into individuals with close ties to Tayyip Erdogan, then Turkey's prime minister and now its president. Zarrab is a dual national of Iran and Turkey. Another lawyer for Zarrab, Benjamin Brafman, said in a letter on Monday that Giuliani and Mukasey's roles "will not require any appearance in court and, accordingly, a hearing is not required." The case is U.S. v. Zarrab, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 15-cr-00867. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Pak court asks Punjab govt to explain detention of Hafiz Saeed 'without a trial' World Man with knife arrested trying to enter Tunisian parliament: Officials World Bad news for Indian I-T companies: Trump backs H-1B reforms bill, claims US lawmaker World Snapping of Indo-Pak talks only encourages terrorists: Pak World 'I am saddened and shocked by what Khalid has done': Wife of British parliament assailant condemns attack World Japan investigates avalanche deaths of seven students and teacher Live Cricket Score Live SA 80/5 (39), 314/10 (89.2) SA trail by 95 runs NZ 489/10 (162.1) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Iran sanctions 15 US firms, citing human rights abuse & cooperation with Israel in 'terrorism' Afghanistan wants more help from US in fight against Taliban, Islamic State China says will push Silk Road projects after UN Security Council endorsement Video Watch | Bhaago Grahak Bhaago: Customer gets assaulted for pointing out cockroaches in cafe! Watch: Fitness freak breaks leg in half while lifting weights Watch: 1400 dancers celebrate 'The Month of The Dance' in Spain View all Tags Iran Turkey New York Debevoise & Plimpton Greenberg Traurig JPMorgan Chase Manhattan Miami New York City Wells Fargo Michael Mukasey Rudolph Giuliani Richard Berman U. S. District Court America Corp Bank of America Corp Benjamin Brafman Citigroup Inc Deutsche Bank AG Disney World HSBC Holdings Plc JPMorgan Chase & Co Southern District Southern District of New York Standard Chartered Plc Tayyip Erdogan UBS Group AG Wells Fargo & Co. SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News White House calls for domestic cuts to finance border wall Egypt's President to visit US next week: White House Baseball-Trump declines Nationals' invite to throw first pitch US official: Trump to meet China's Xi first week in April Germany opens new probe into suspected Turkish spying Sport WRAPUP 2-Soccer-Iran close in on World Cup, China teeter on the brink Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment History has it: Shah Rukh Khan has BEATEN Akshay Kumar THRICE during clashes before! FINALLY! Kiku Sharda BREAKS SILENCE on the Kapil Sharma-Sunil Grover fight! Crocodile tears? Forget remorse over Sunil Grover's exit, Kapil Sharma is already back to partying! Guess who'll be the star performer at IPL opening ceremony this year! Parineeti Chopra FORCES team Golmaal to watch #MaanaKeHumYaarNahin 10 times. Their reaction is PRICELESS! Money Ford announces USD 1.2 bn investment in US auto plants CAG report underlines time and cost overrun of Raj power plant US STOCKS-Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data Lok Sabha to take up GST Bill for discussion tomorrow Warendra Sinha takes charge as MD & CEO of IFFCO-Tokio GI Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 March 2017 by Military News Cayan Achieves Chase EMV Certification /EINPresswire.com/ — BOSTON, MA–(Marketwired – Mar 27, 2017) –  Cayan®, a payment technology company, today announced it has attained EMV® certification with Chase Merchant Services, the global payment processing and merchant acquiring business of JPMorgan Chase & Co. This latest certification allows merchants to now process both credit and debit chip card transactions through the Cayan Genius® Platform EMV gateway to Chase as well as Chase consumer credentials through their proprietary ChaseNet solution. „Our new EMV certification with Chase continues to allow us to give customers choice and flexibility and improves our capabilities to offer merchants the latest in payment processing capabilities,” said Ken Paull, chief revenue officer at Cayan. „It is our goal to ensure our partners are prepared for the shifting payments landscape, and this certification is an important step in delivering on that mission.” With the addition of Chase and their strong market presence, the certification serves a dual purpose. It enables Cayan’s Genius Platform customers — from retail, restaurant, ecommerce, to petroleum — to choose Chase processing, and Chase’s customers can now access the power of Cayan’s Genius Platform. „We are relentlessly focused on making it easier and more secure for our clients to process payments and this certification helps provide even broader access and options for our customers,” said Keith Olson, an executive director at Chase Merchant Services. In addition to EMV gateway capabilities, the Cayan Genius Platform delivers a fully-configurable, cloud-based payment solution that allows merchants to manage the entire customer experience across locations and between channels, all while keeping sensitive cardholder data off of the POS system. Genius allows merchants to accept all forms of payment, including mobile wallets, and with Genius’ ChipIQ™ technology, EMV chip card transactions are processed in just 4 seconds. About Cayan Cayan® is the leading provider of payment technologies that give businesses a competitive advantage. Cayan is continuously developing new ways for businesses to unlock the power of payments with fully integrated, multi-channel customer engagement platforms including their Cayan® Unified Commerce Solution Suite™ and Genius® Platform. Headquartered in Boston, the company has multiple offices in the United States and Belfast, Northern Ireland. Cayan is one of the world’s fastest growing payment companies. For more information, visit www.cayan.com. EMV is a registered trademark in the U.S. and other countries, and is an unregistered trademark in other countries, owned by EMVCo CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Markets, officer, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Alfred Culbreth of American Premium Water (HIPH) Reveals 2017 Corporate Plans Next PostNext AVST Presents Skype for Business Hosted Deployment at Enterprise Connect Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Turkish gold trader hires Giuliani, Mukasey in U.S. sanctions case By Reuters Published: 16:48 EDT, 27 March 2017 | Updated: 16:48 EDT, 27 March 2017 e-mail By Jonathan Stempel NEW YORK, March 27 (Reuters) - A wealthy Turkish gold trader's decision to hire former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and former U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey to represent him, as he defends against charges he conspired to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran, raises a potential conflict of interest, prosecutors said. At least eight big banks allegedly victimized by the trader, Reza Zarrab, are current or former clients of Giuliani and Mukasey's law firms, acting U.S. Attorney Joon Kim in Manhattan said in a letter dated Monday to the federal judge hearing the case. The banks' relationships with the law firms require a special hearing, known as a "Curcio" hearing, to make sure Zarrab understands the potential conflict, Kim said. Giuliani is a lawyer for Greenberg Traurig, while Mukasey, who is also a former federal judge, is a lawyer for Debevoise &amp; Plimpton. Neither firm had an immediate comment. The eight banks are Bank of America Corp, Citigroup Inc, Deutsche Bank AG, HSBC Holdings Plc , JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co, Standard Chartered Plc , UBS Group AG and Wells Fargo &amp; Co. "Through various deceptive acts, including layering the transactions and omitting information concerning the Iranian nexus, Zarrab and his co-conspirators allegedly tricked numerous U.S. financial institutions into processing barred transactions, thus exposing them to significant potential loss," Kim said in a letter to U.S. District Judge Richard Berman, explaining the potential conflict of interest. Prosecutors accused the Iranian-born Zarrab and two others of engaging in hundreds of millions of dollars of transactions for Iran's government and Iranian entities from 2010 to 2015, in a scheme to evade U.S. sanctions. A trial is scheduled for Aug. 21. Zarrab has been in federal custody since his March 21, 2016, arrest in Miami, while en route to Disney World with his wife and daughter. Holding a Curcio hearing now could eliminate one ground for appeal if the case goes against Zarrab. The case has been closely watched in Turkey, where Zarrab was arrested in 2013 in a corruption probe into individuals with close ties to Tayyip Erdogan, then Turkey's prime minister and now its president. Zarrab is a dual national of Iran and Turkey. Another lawyer for Zarrab, Benjamin Brafman, said in a letter on Monday that Giuliani and Mukasey's roles "will not require any appearance in court and, accordingly, a hearing is not required." The case is U.S. v. Zarrab, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 15-cr-00867. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS She's a real work of art! Kate wows in a forest green lace dress by Temperley London for a glittering gala at the National Portrait Gallery 'Longest calf muscles known to man': Katie Price suffers ANOTHER holiday fail as she is accused of Photoshop faux pas amid backlash over Princess snap Heartbroken Katie Waissel claims estranged husband has been 'f**king their neighbour'... as she discusses split after just one year of marriage PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her baby bump as she steps out with boyfriend JP... after confirming she's having a girl 'Private beaches and bottoms': MIC's Frankie Gaff shows off her pert posterior as she poses for racy topless snap during cast trip to Mauritius Ellie Goulding cosies up to rumoured beau Caspar Jopling as they enjoy a romantic stroll in NYC... following her fling with the Beckhams' bodyguard Bobby Rich EXCLUSIVE 'We love the idea of a baby': Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey on starting a family, their latest love triangle and why cheeky Sam is a 'hypocrite'  Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal join Orlando Bloom during St Barts holiday as they celebrate the swimsuit model's 25th birthday 'I feel proud, it was such a gift': Daisy Lowe reflects on newfound body confidence... after admitting to be 'tequila positive' during Strictly Come Dancing tour 'I can't breathe': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry reveals plans to have nostrils WIDENED in corrective nose job as airwaves are being painfully restricted Billie Piper displays her ink-free forearm at City Of Tiny Lights screening after tattoo removal... and hides second tribute to ex Laurence Fox under ring 'They simply don't eat': Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and once threatened to QUIT a film after a co-star was told to lose weight)  A blooming lovely couple! Michelle Keegan stuns in a floral jumpsuit from her own collection as she joins husband Mark Wright for London stroll 'Hanging out like best buds': Kendall Jenner is a dream in green as she spends the day shopping with Paris Jackson at a flea market in LA What the Beck! Unrecognisable David Beckham sports gruesome rotting teeth and a HUGE scar on his face on the set of new King Arthur movie  'I would go to sleep crying': Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, talks playing Al Pacino's cocaine-addicted trophy wife in Scarface as she poses for Interview 'Something's cooking': Bar Refaeli announces she's pregnant as she shows off her baby bump... eight months after welcoming her daughter Liv PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Chloe Goodman flaunts her enviable curves in plunging bikini as she soaks up the Maldives sun with her sisters Lauryn and Amelia   Fashion darling Alexa Chung dazzles in show-stopping bardot polka dot gown as she leads the style at the 2017 Portrait Gala 'I've still got my wedding ring on': Rio Ferdinand admits 'there's no given time for moving on' from the death of his wife... amid Kate Wright rumours 'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in sizzling crop top as she walks hand-in-hand with new beau James Lock  'I greet him with a Versace towel and water in a Versace glass': Kim Kardashian reveals she pampers Kanye West after his concerts 'Eamonn was worried that people would think its him!' Ruth Langsford confesses she 'felt sick' when she realised she had shared a VERY explicit photo on Twitter Sun-kissed Millie Mackintosh heads to work while posing in her own designs for high fashion shoot...  after returning from FIFTH vacation of 2017 Giggling Myleene Klass nails the city girl look as she wows in chic trench with shirt dress while heading to work   Nailed city girl style  She Did It Again! Shakira dazzles in lace and leather for children's charity launch in Barcelona... after winning an award for her philanthropic efforts Morning perk! Braless Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes her chest in sheer black top as she exits coffee shop in LA The Step Up star wore a casual outfit  'RIP beautiful princess': Tributes pour in for Zayn Malik's cousin Arshiya after she dies aged five following battle with brain tumour Terrible tragedy There's the money shot! Malin Akerman and onscreen husband Damian Lewis strip off for raunchy sex scene during their hit drama Billions  Claire Sweeney puts on a casual display in workout wear as she enjoys a sunny day at the park with her adorable son Jaxon, 2 Playful day out Another day, another bikini! Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt stuns in green two-piece on Miami vacation It's not secret when she hits the beach 'You're changing lives': 'Amazing' Jeff Brazier is praised by fans for offering advice on coping with grief... days after anniversary of Jade Goody's death 'Tidy your room!' Chloe Ferry proudly shows off her immaculate bedroom before fans spot the VERY messy reality in Instagram video Just in time for Easter: Reese Witherspoon cuddles up to a bunny as she models new dress from her Draper James clothing line The body that cost £1.5m: Surgery addict Alicia Douvall leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets in skimpy lingerie Back to business! Bethenny Frankel slips into flattering LBD after posing up a storm in a bikini on Mexican getaway Sported a fitted dress  'I would never play a person of a different race!': Scarlett Johansson answers critics who say her role in Ghost In The Shell is a 'whitewash' Is the Fresh Prince going back to Bel-Air? Internet goes into meltdown as cast of 90s show reunites... raising fans' hopes of a new series Quick change! The spotlight falls on Mary Berry's daughter after a continuity blunder on the cook's show (amid claims she'll take over her mother's empire) Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison downs drinks at Dubai pool party... after saying she 'couldn't be happier' about rekindling romance with beau John Noble  All made up... for takeout! Chrissy Teigen looks chic in straw hat, striped blouse and torn jeans to pick up food at hot spot Madeo in West Hollywood Rooney Mara appears topless as a grieving widow in new trailer for A Ghost Story with Casey Affleck Spooky drama 'It will be weird': Charlotte Crosby is yet to speak with Vicky Pattison about her romance with her Ex On The Beach fling Stephen Bear Daddy's little Idol! Eric Cowell is the spitting image of father Simon as he joins glam mum Lauren Silverman for a spot of fine dining in Malibu Secret admirer? Cara Delevingne holds a red rose as she parties the night away with supermodel pals Kendall Jenner and Lily Donaldson 'It could happen': Nick Jonas sounds hopeful about co-starring with pal Jennifer Lopez in the NBC live musical revival of Bye Bye Birdie . 'I will forever hate myself for it': Lisa Riley expresses regret for not listening to her mother's advice on romance... leading to a string of disastrous relationships 'I wanted to physically harm myself': WWE star Paige reveals pain she suffered after sex tape leaked... as fiance announces their wedding date Mariah Carey relaxes in a robe on her 47th birthday while enjoying luxury beach trip with toyboy Bryan Tanaka 'Live your vile selfish life: Stephanie Davis SLAMS Jeremy McConnell in impassioned rant... hours after declaring her love for him  Off-duty beauty: Make-up free Kate Moss keeps it casual in a khaki jacket and skinny jeans as she leaves a shoot in London Can do low-key glamour Kate Hudson steps out in suede ankle boots and pinstripe trousers...after packing on the PDA with Danny Fujikawa 'We all float down here': Teaser trailer and poster for Stephen King's IT heads down to the sewer with evil clown Pennywise Creepy reboot Bikini babe! Cara Santana flashes hint of cleavage and rock hard abs as she flaunts her bod in sexy Instagram snap Red hot 'It was like meeting someone at a bus stop': Lorraine Pascale admits her birth parents were like 'two strangers' when she met them for the first time John Legend looks typically cool in a statement leather jacket as he arrives for radio interview in Paris SPOILER ALERT: Shaken Ste struggles to piece together what he's done as he wakes up in the shower after Amy is MURDERED on Hollyoaks Val Kilmer claps back at critics who called him 'creepy' and 'obsessive' for revealing his longtime crush on Cate Blanchett Pillow talk! Demi Lovato and Jimmy Fallon make out with cushions as they play teenage besties in hilarious new Ew! segment  Those Night Changes! Liam Payne, 23, jokes about being on nappy duty after welcoming son... as Cheryl, 33, 'plans to conquer mummy market' 'I want you to be better': New trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming shows Peter Parker being mentored by Tony Stark as they take on Vulture Gemma Collins highlights her curves in a form-fitting jumpsuit as she steps out in Essex with Danielle Armstrong's athletic beau Daniel Spiller My how you've grown! Nicole Kidman's young daughters Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret are the spitting image of their famous mother as they land in Sydney Luisa Zissman displays fab post-baby body in a bust-baring lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys sunny getaway... seven months after birth of daughter Indigo 'Namaste': Lindsay Lohan shows off her cleavage in a plunging black swimsuit as she embraces her inner zen in Thailand At peace with her self-ies 'They are now safe': Ed Sheeran HAS saved the lives of abused Liberian street boys after incredible act of kindness on Comic Relief 'It's the end of March!' EastEnders fans take to Twitter in confusion as SNOW falls on Albert Square while the UK enjoys balmy spring sunshine Her body is still Bootylicious! Kelly Rowland shows off her STUNNING physique in one-piece during day at the beach with son Titan, two  'I've been speaking to them': Marnie Simpson reveals she has been messaging Niall Horan AND James Arthur... following her messy split from cheat Lewis 'Are you impressed with my terrarium?': Holly Willoughby is left speechless at Phillip Schofield's VERY rude gardening innuendo... as she flashes her bra 'I miss LA': Karrueche Tran longs for home as she shares makeup-free selfie in New Orleans... after showing off her fit physique during workout session Out and a pout: Rumer Willis flashes big smile with plumped up lips while promoting new Empire role  Plenty to smile about  Pamela Anderson offers to take Prime Minister of Ireland out for a pint of Guinness if he supports banning the use of wild animals in circuses Charlotte Dawson puts on a busty display in a scarlet co-ord as she enjoys a night out in Barcelona with her glamorous mother Tracy Darlene Cates, star of What's Eating Gilbert Grape, dies aged 69  Best known for her role as Gilbert's mother in the 1993 hit 'She was denying and crying': Kim Kardashian was with Paris Hilton when sex tape leaked.. but soon 'calmed down' when talk turned to MONEY Kendall Jenner cruises around the sunny streets of LA in her eye-catching purple convertible Cadillac Didn't opt for a subtle ride Rihanna strips off as Bates Motel FINALLY reveals its iconic Psycho shower scene... after singer confessed she can't bear to watch her raunchy moments 'Has she come from a club?': Busty Michelle Mone shocks GMB viewers as she cuts a VERY glamorous figure in a plunging black maxi dress What's the buzz Rusty? Russell Crowe channels Romper Stomper character with new crew cut as he works on his fitness with a park kick about Flirty at the fairground: Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann kisses boyfriend Michael Kopech while posing for playful shoot 'I think everything I do is terrible': Lorde shows off her quirky style in plunging ensemble... as she reveals her self deprecating side in honest interview Feeling Torn? Natalie Imbruglia holds hands with mystery man and NOT beau Ryan Bienefelt... as he posts about his 'little peanut' Where's her boyfriend? Mel B shimmers in plunging metallic jumpsuit she makes her first public appearance since filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte at AGT launch 'I want to keep the day really traditional:' Lauren Goodger wants TWO ceremonies and a racy wedding dance as she confesses she can't wait to wed jailbird beau She's a real team player! Queen Letizia of Spain is presented with a basketball shirt emblazoned with her name as she meets young athletes in Madrid Camera shy Demi Moore keeps it casual as she heads home with daughter Scout after a family dinner date Headed out for low key meal with her kids Blue and green SHOULD be seen! Queen Mathilde and Crown Princess Mary are pretty in pastels as the Belgian royals touch down in Denmark Step aside, mum and dad! Jude Law and Sadie Frost's model daughter Iris, 16, stuns in her second make-up campaign for Burberry Essentials Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, looks in good spirits during grocery shop run... as she moves on from nude photo leak drama Cheat day! Elsa Hosk stuffs her face with McDonald's French fries after stunning during Victoria's Secret lingerie shoot in Miami Make-up free Liv Tyler cuts a chic figure in specs and skintight leggings as she enjoys a shopping spree in London Billie Faiers finally introduces newborn son Arthur in stunning family shoot... as she reveals fiancé Greg Shepherd almost MISSED the labour 'Is that a prosthetic?': Big Little Lies fans react on Twitter after Alexander Skarsgard appears to go full-frontal Scene on Sunday left fans all aflutter  Just admiring the view! Kristin Cavallari posts nude photo of husband Jay Cutler gazing out at the Caribbean water while on romantic trip to Mexico Legs eleven! Katie Holmes shows off her dancer legs as she models a denim miniskirt under her oversized coat in chilly New York City SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Bethany Platt discovers her boyfriend Nathan shared a secret smooch with Mel... but will she finally dump the evil manipulator? Shameless star Emmy Rossum's 'house robbed of $150k worth of jewelry after she left combinations written down near home safes' 'I dream of genie vibes': Khloe shows off her svelte figure and trim waist in a plunging white jumpsuit... after revealing she used to be 'shamed' for her curves 'It's just half a bottle of red wine!': GBBO 2016 star Selasi Gbormittah upsets Piers Morgan as they clash over his signature bolognese recipe There's NOTHING everyday about Mary Berry! Show sees her cook with lobster, cruise in her vintage car, milk a goat- and host 1,000 guests in her garden Hotting up! Lily James shows off flat stomach as she peels off turtle neck jumper while enjoying stroll in sunshine with boyfriend Matt Smith She's got that magic hour glow! Margot Robbie enjoys wedded bliss on a tropical beach with a chilled flute of champagne in hand at sunset 'I fell in love': Alec Baldwin recalls moment he asked if Tina Fey was single... and reveals he almost passed on SNL Trump gig Justin Bieber faces being ARRESTED in Brazil four years after allegedly spray painting graffiti on wall of £23m hotel Happened in 2013 'I felt my body had completely failed me': Giovanna Fletcher on how she's in a much better place after revealing her secret miscarriage Starry eyed! Queen Maxima opts for a heavily-embellished coat for another day of engagements with her glamorous guest, Argentina's First Lady Here comes the bridesmaid! Rachel Bilson shows off her perky cleavage in dramatic blush-coloured gown at friend's wedding Doing her duties  Made In Chelsea's Ryan was threatened by James the gentle giant - size-wise that is - and the cast voted for Binky to have a baby girl, as if it was Brexit Romeo Beckham, 14, shares a sweet moment with little sister Harper, five, as he gushes about their close relationship in family Instagram snaps  Kendall Jenner stuns in belted silk jacket (and not much else) as she poses with Lily Donaldson at Valerian teaser screening Always stands out PICTURED: Coronation Street's beloved Ken Barlow is hospitalised after plunging down a flight of stairs... but who pushed him? The end for Ken? First look at the new Lara Croft: Alicia Vikander takes over from Angelina Jolie in Tomb Raider remake as new photos and plot details emerge  TOWIE's Jon Clark ridicules fellow diners by referring to them as 'swingers' in humiliating Instagram Not exactly the Mr. Nice Guy image Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner enjoy smitten poppy field date... as it's revealed she isn't looking after her late mother Carrie Fisher's beloved bulldog Gary  Grizzled Casey Affleck is joined by screen daughter Anna Pniowsky as they shoot scenes for new drama Light Of My Life on Vancouver Island Heaven sent! Victoria's Secret Angel Jasmine Tookes stuns in a backless off-shoulder top and flares as she enjoys dinner date The return of killer Joe Miller, the wrath of Cath Atwood and Ed Burnett, plus THREE different rape suspects...The menace increased in Broadchurch Beware a clown with a red balloon! New creepy images from Stephen King's IT released and Pennywise is more sinister than ever Not clowning around Louis Tomlinson looks in high spirits while posing for selfies with fans in Miami...as he is set to appear in court over airport brawl at LAX Busy mommy! Blake Lively looks chic in newsboy cap as she rushes into cab... after Ryan Reynolds reveals he 'doesn't mind' her kissing other actors Eminem's daughter Hailie Scott, 21, stuns in latest Instagram photos... as it's revealed she's a normal college student 'It was fate': Ray Quinn reveals he has found love once again with school teacher Emily Fletcher insisting his four-year-old son Harry remains his 'priority' 'So thrilled'! Made In Chelsea parents-to-be Binky Felstead and JP finally confirm they are expecting a GIRL Delightedly announced news on Monday 'People think I'm gay': David Walliams admits 'life would be simpler' if he wasn't attracted to women... and doesn't know why people rule out same-sex romances Out of this world! Cara Delevingne shows off her long legs in futuristic outfit at screening for her sci-fi movie Valerian A very fashionable future  A sheer winner! Tyra Banks wears see-through lace pantsuit as she gears up for her new role as host of America's Got Talent New girl in town Double trouble! Heidi Klum shows off her long legs in purple mini as Mel B glitters in low-cut jumpsuit at America's Got Talent event Glam girls 'Deeply fake news but quite cute': Lorde reveals she was NOT at New Zealand dance party as impersonator fools partygoers Spitting image Happy Birthday Mommy! Fergie celebrates turning 42 with sung greetings from husband Josh Duhamel and their son Axl Bella Thorne tells fans she 'hates' being single before sharing saucy Snapchats from a night out with friends Known for being a serial dater 'I'll love him always': Stephanie Davis acknowledges ex Jeremy McConnell's arrest for first time... hours after he blocks her on Twitter Mommy and me! Charlize Theron shares a playful moment with her daughter August... returning home after a whirlwind week in Asia Just the two of us 'Never let go': Sofia Richie, 18, gets SEVENTH tattoo with a personal motto inked on her wrist Inking of going for a full collection? Start and end! Katie Maloney and Tom Schwartz wed as Scheana Marie plans for divorce on Vanderpump Rules Highs and lows 'It really means a lot': New dad Liam Payne, 23, returns to Twitter on behalf of girlfriend Cheryl, 33, to thank everyone for their 'love and support' Jessica Chastain strikes a sultry pose in cleavage-baring Alexander McQueen dress at the premiere of The Zookeeper's Wife Eye-popping display 'It's still very up in the air': Marnie Simpson affirms she did NOT cheat on ex Lewis Bloor... but she still 'cares' for him despite his womanising ways 'He's just the best guy': Ryan Gosling raves about co-star Harrison Ford while promoting Blade Runner sequel at CinemaCon  Seeing Angels! Victoria's Secret models Taylor Hill and Romee Strijd have lunch together in Hollywood They are the model lunch partners Gordon Ramsay's Nightly Show debut goes off air for THREE minutes... as ITV suffers technical glitch Another blow for the struggling show 'This isn't the last you've seen of me': Maksim Chmerkovskiy vows to return to DWTS alongside Heather Morris after calf injury keeps him on sidelines 'He's doing a f**king good job!' Gordon Ramsay's foul-mouthed Nightly Show debut divides viewers... as incorrect spelling of his name trends on Twitter Mark Francis helps Binky dress for pregnancy, Sam gets a drink chucked over him and Baby Felstead's gender is revealed on MIC  Noel Gallagher's 17-year-old daughter Anais recalls getting her first PONY aged seven and outlines hopes of Oscars win by 27 in candid interview There she blows! Kyra Sedgwick has a Marilyn Monroe moment as a gust of wind lifts up her skirt during outing with husband Kevin Bacon Wind beneath her skirt You have GOAT to be kid-ding me! Mary Berry, 82, is almost taken out by a farm animal as she tries to milk it on new baking series Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shows off his huge biceps in leather jacket as he promotes Jumanji reboot Bursting out of his leather jacket 'What's life without a sausage roll?' Vicky McClure refuses to move away from Greggs for Hollywood... as she gushes about life up North with Jonny Owen Home sweet home! Ronan Keating's wife Storm shows off her baby bump in a tight dress as she welcomes her happy husband at Sydney airport 'I had a $28,000 hotel bill': Cher claims the REAL reason she finally agreed to appear on David Letterman's show was for the paycheck Price of forgiveness Still going (Arm)strong! TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou packs on PDA in united display with beau James Lock... amid bitter feud with his taken ex Danielle Drake abruptly cancels Amsterdam concert on doctor's orders after falling 'sick'... as fans vent frustration on Twitter Blow to fans 'It looks dope': Prince Jackson shows off massive armour inspired tattoo on his chest after months of work Tattoo mad like his sister SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Martin Fowler left fuming as he tries to attack Preston after Michelle's sordid sex scandal is finally exposed Devon Windsor shows off her killer legs in tiny Daisy Dukes for photo shoot in Miami Showed exactly why she's a Victoria's Secret model Klass act! Myleene enjoys romantic night out with beau Simon Motson in dazzling one-shoulder gown as they lead the style at the English National Opera Making them green with envy! Julianne Hough dazzles on the red carpet in plunging emerald gown for Dancing With The Stars What a gem! 'It's not curable': Coleen Nolan breaks down as she reveals her 'incredible' elder sister Linda is battling cancer  Revealed latest family tragedy on TV Lucky Leo! DiCaprio's supermodel girlfriend Nina Agdal sends temperatures soaring as she slips into an array of steamy swimsuits A dog's life! Selma Blair takes her pooch Ducky for a day of pampering at the salon in Los Angeles The 44-year-old enjoyed a pamper session EXCLUSIVE - Beyonce's dad is sued for $50k after 'refusing to pay a legal bill and hiding profits he made auctioning off Destiny's Child memorabilia' Nigella Lawson's daughter Cosima Diamond, 23, is the spitting image of her famous mum, 57, as they enjoy a girls' night out at the theatre Greased Lightning strikes twice! John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John set to return as Sandy and Danny to mark 40 year anniversary of original SPOILER ALERT: Ste has blood on his hands as Amy is found DEAD on Hollyoaks... after threatening to take his children away to America Nancy Dell'Olio, 55, flaunts her toned figure in unique figure-hugging flared jumpsuit at Opera Gala She showed her sensational frame  'I saw the pain in my eyes': Dynasty star Linda Evans shocked by online leak of 'disturbing' 2014 DUI arrest footage Didn't recognise herself Lily Allen wryly smiles as she channels nineties chic in vintage woolly jumper following romantic night out with beau MC Meridian Dan in London She likes a man in the kitchen! Scarlett Johansson reveals her two celebrity crushes are Gordon Ramsay and Anthony Bourdain Leggy Lorde looks sophisticated in a kooky pinstripe dress as she delights fans in London with radio appearance She's a style Royal Meg Ryan bundles up as she has a girls' day out in NYC with daughter Daisy The 55-year-old actress kept off the chill on mother/daughter day Cor(rie) blimey! Busty Michelle Keegan flaunts her washboard abs and toned physique in a tiny coral crop top The former soap star looked abs-fab Has George Michael been buried under cover of darkness? Photo posted by boyfriend Fadi Fawaz sparks flurry of internet speculation 'Don your best bikini and slay': Sam Thompson slips into the same MINUSCULE bikini as his sister Louise as he once again mocks her holiday snaps  Jailbird Apollo Nida 'on the hunt for millions' after judge nullifies divorce from Real Housewives' Phaedra Parks Rocky road to divorce  Showing support! Laura Prepon accentuates baby bump in stripes at Netflix event with fiance Ben Foster Orange Is The New Baby Hello from the after-party! Adele lets loose on the dance floor in slip-on shoes and no makeup after revealing she may NEVER tour again   'She's a child': Katie Price comes under fire after sharing photo of daughter Princess, nine, posing in a bikini during idyllic Maldives holiday as fans defend her 'Wish I was that horse!' Actress Elsa Pataky posts hilarious snap of husband Chris Hemsworth cuddling up to a horse Horsing around Shabby Chanel chic for Kiera: Actress pairs jacket with Dr Martens on visit to east London cafe with her husband  Low-key look  Together again! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin arrive in style at chat show to promote new season of Netflix series Promoting second series of Grace and Frankie Katie Holmes looks stylish as she steps out in New York's Soho district dressed in a button-up coat and cat-eye glasses Will and graceful lady! Drew Barrymore's ex husband Kopelman dines out with mystery woman in LA He is footloose and fancy free once more Beautiful in blue! Debra Messing, 48, wows in body hugging navy gown to receive honors at New York gala Flaunted her delicate decolletage Jennifer Garner looks in good spirits on coffee run after VERY friendly church visit with ex Ben Affleck  Happy families  'I was in a lot of pain after those really violent scenes': Nicole Kidman reveals being hit by Alexander Skarsgard during Big Little Lies took a toll 'He was devastated': Nicole Kidman says husband Keith Urban was shocked at her bruises after sex scenes with Alexander Skarsgard His life is one big musical! Pharrell Williams' story will be transformed into song for the big screen  Happy singer will tell his tale  Glee vet Matthew Morrison 'will guest star on season 13 of Grey's Anatomy' as Dr Paul Stadler Famed for starring as lovable teacher Will Schuester Clem Curtis, the original lead singer of The Foundations, has died age 76 following a battle with cancer Grieving family announced on Monday Kim Kardashian dons tiny cropped top which showcases her rock hard abs in seductive Instagram snap SPOILER ALERT: Katie Cassidy returns to Arrow...as a different character than the one she started out playing Flex appeal! A muscular Justin Theroux shows off his ripped arms in edgy punk shirt leaving the gym Lucky Jennifer! 'My hero, my mentor': Shannen Doherty pays touching tribute to her late father to commemorate his birthday Passed away in 2009 Something's brewing! Samuel L. Jackson and Oscar Isaac team up as they film dramatic scene for Life Itself in New York 'I can confirm it's over': Simon Bird breaks Inbetweeners fans' hearts as he insists the series is finished forever  Fuller House star Jodie Sweetin's ex-fiance Justin Hodak 'arrested for violating restraining order against her' Restraining order requiring him to stay away from star Monday optional! Lea Michele beats of the start-of-the-week blues as she runs errands make-up free The 30-year-old actress wore a sleeveless tank  'I'm not commenting on it at all': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans refuses to address new co-star Briana DeJesus after 2014 Twitter row Getting close in Cancun! Supergirl star Melissa Benoist shows off her slender frame as she vacations with co-star Chris Wood 'Stop and frisky': Erika Jayne plays naughty motorist with Gleb Savchenko as officer on Dancing With The Stars A very arresting dance routine The look of love! Christine Lampard stares adoringly at husband Frank as they enjoy a sunny breakfast in Chelsea Still head over heels Coquettish, me? No, it was just down to clever editing, claims Nigella: TV cook says she did not understand the double entendres that helped make her name  Salmon by the sea: Love Island star Katie struggles to contain her curves in a skimpy snakeskin bikini as she hits the beach in Dubai On a girls' break 'In the bedroom she'll say, 'you can't do that to me, you're my big brother!'' Kyle and Jackie O are shocked as a listener reveals he had a baby with his SISTER  Danniella Westbrook emerges in Spain after revealing secret miscarriage and plans for rehab in Twitter outburst MIC's Tiffany Watson flaunts her enviably gym-honed figure in vibrant bikini as she joins Frankie Gaff for cheeky Instagram video in Mauritius Billie Lourd chooses NOT to attend public memorial for mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds as she had dinner with her father instead  I like the way you Rock'It Man: James Corden favours off-duty Elton John's favourite tracksuit and kooky specs look at Late Late Show filming Chip off the old block! Mike Comrie plays indoor hockey with son Luca as Hilary Duff films family fun for Snapchat Daring Dakota! Ms Johnson wears a Flaming Lips T-shirt with image of topless woman during solo shopping spree in West Hollywood Love in the air? Katy Perry, 32, and Ryan Phillippe, 42, 'totally flirting' at Elton John's 70th birthday bash Jerry Hall, 60, shows off her gorgeous figure in slinky lace gown as she cosies up to husband Rupert Murdoch, 86, at English National Opera gala 'She never spoiled herself': Angelina Jolie, 41, makes rare comments about her mother who died 10 years ago from cancer as she plugs Guerlain Jamie Oliver will visit Australia in May to launch new menu at his Jamie's Italian restaurants - after his company bought back the eateries She Khan't help herself! Curvy Chloe threatens to bust out of racy harness bra as she poses in negligee for the Geordie Shore boys' new brand Calls for Sir Patrick Stewart to appear on SNL as Kellyanne as old pictures of him in drag resurface looking UNCANNILY like Trump's counselor Conway  Wet hair, don't care! Nicole Kidman arrives at mother Janelle's house with Keith Urban sporting damp tresses... before leaving with her signature curls in a chic updo 'Hey guys, get out of my shot': Shirtless Chris Hemsworth steals the limelight as he photobombs his friend's romantic poolside snap The Rich Kids of Instagram are back in envy-inducing snaps of their early exotic holidays as they flaunt their figures in skimpy swimsuits Ruth Langsford suffers epic social media fail as she accidentally shares a VERY explicit photo alongside sweet Mother's Day tribute to her mum and sister 'The show will go ahead without him': Jeremy McConnell 'AXED from Ex On The Beach'... after arrest for allegedly assaulting ex Stephanie Davis Field of dreams for sale! Kevin Costner lists his sprawling Montecito property for $60million Fit to bust! Casey Batchelor threatens to spill out of tiny bikini top in eye-popping selfie... after saying her boobs have 'grown back' following breast reduction She's got chemistry! Make-up free Lily Collins proves she has effortless beauty down to a science during trip to gym 'Glad last week's over': Jeff Brazier says having Mother's Day and the anniversary of their mum Jade Goody's death is 'cruel blow' for his sons 'My skin is looking so good right now': Ashley James shows off new platinum locks as she goes make-up free in 'self-indulgent' post shower selfie Kendall Jenner flashes her nipples in extremely sheer bra as she puts on a daring display for Marilyn Monroe inspired shoot with Love Magazine Jemma Lucy bares all as she turns a hospital visit into a VERY racy shoot... after launching another foul-mouthed tirade at nemesis Charlotte Crosby Former TOWIE star Elliott Wright's fiancée Sadie Stuart puts on busty display in plunging lilac bikini as the couple enjoy getaway in Tenerife 'He likes what I like: cars, women, jewelry': Kylie Jenner's boyfriend Tyga on raising his 'spoiled' son King Cairo, four Vanessa Hudgens flaunts her impressive abs bin barely-there workout gear while leaving a gym in LA Envy-inducing middle  'Don't judge a book by its cover': Lindsay Lohan cloaks her head in white cloth in new Instagram after 'finding solace' while studying the Koran 'Saltwater hair': Kristin Cavallari bares her cleavage in string bikini during trip to Mexico after moving out of Illinois with husband Jay Cutler 'No big deal!': Kaley Cuoco enjoys beer in plunging top with boyfriend Karl Cook on day trip to Florida for Winter Equestrian Festival Gwyneth Paltrow proves her unusual health routines get results as she shows off natural beauty in Barcelona Kate Moss channels Parisian chic as she cuts a stylish figure in all black while catching up with best friend James Brown in London They won't get a ratings boost from Yeezy! Kanye West is 'NOT in talks to join Ryan Seacrest's revamped American Idol' It's a girl! Supernatural's Jared Padalecki and wife Genevieve Cortese welcome daughter Odette Elliott SPOILER ALERT: What about Ash? Pia Miller stuns in a summery frock as she films 'morning after' scenes for Home and Away with hunky tattooed co-star Jake Ryan Sarah Paulson may play Princess Diana on the next season of Feud which will focus on the royal's tempestuous relationship with Prince Charles Jeremy Kyle receives just £4 from more than 200 passers-by as he BEGS on the street while disguised as a homeless person for an 'extremely humbling' TV experiment 'There's an ache in my heart that never goes away': TOWIE's Carol Wright emotionally marks second Mother's Day without her mother Nanny Pat 'We're still friends': Darius Campbell confirms he and wife Natasha Henstridge are getting divorced despite briefly rekindling romance last year 'You had me at Merlot!': Eva Longoria wears funny statement top as she enjoys kisses from husband José Antonio Bastón Singer Sia wears giant pink bow and one of her quirky wigs to teach kids about the letter S alongside Grover on Sesame Street Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ophthotech Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ophthotech Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Las Vegas Sands Corp.’s (LVS) Buy Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Given a $16.00 Price Target at Scotiabank RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Given a $51.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Given a $156.00 Price Target at Scotiabank ConocoPhillips (COP) Given a $53.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Given a $33.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Wolseley plc (WOS) Plans GBX 36.67 Dividend Card Factory PLC (CARD) to Issue GBX 6.30 Dividend Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) to Issue Dividend Increase – GBX 3.98 Per Share Scotiabank Reiterates $164.00 Price Target for Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Scotiabank Analysts Give Chevron Co. (CVX) a $114.00 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Rice Energy Inc (RICE) a $30.00 Price Target NewCastle Gold Ltd (NCA) Given a C$1.50 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 3,600 Shares ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Director Paul Emery Bourque Purchases 100,000 Shares Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Ophthotech Corp’s (OPHT) “Market Perform” Rating Reiterated at Leerink Swann March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance Tweet Ophthotech Corp (NASDAQ:OPHT)‘s stock had its “market perform” rating restated by equities research analysts at Leerink Swann in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. A number of other research analysts have also commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Ophthotech Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, February 20th. Gabelli lowered shares of Ophthotech Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. Morgan Stanley lowered shares of Ophthotech Corp from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of Ophthotech Corp from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus lowered shares of Ophthotech Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Thirteen investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, Ophthotech Corp presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $46.90. Ophthotech Corp (NASDAQ:OPHT) traded down 0.82% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $3.62. 464,540 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock’s market capitalization is $129.62 million. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $3.95 and its 200 day moving average is $22.01. Ophthotech Corp has a 1-year low of $3.24 and a 1-year high of $65.96. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/ophthotech-corp-opht-receives-market-perform-rating-from-leerink-swann.html. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Ophthotech Corp during the fourth quarter valued at $1,158,000. Numeric Investors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Ophthotech Corp during the fourth quarter valued at $1,252,000. Guggenheim Capital LLC increased its stake in shares of Ophthotech Corp by 658.3% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 418,720 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $2,022,000 after buying an additional 363,503 shares during the last quarter. Tudor Investment Corp Et Al increased its stake in shares of Ophthotech Corp by 844.8% in the fourth quarter. Tudor Investment Corp Et Al now owns 67,023 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $324,000 after buying an additional 59,929 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Bogle Investment Management L P DE purchased a new stake in shares of Ophthotech Corp during the fourth quarter valued at $6,179,000. 95.66% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Ophthotech Corp Company Profile Ophthotech Corporation is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company specializes in the development of therapeutics to treat diseases of the back of the eye, with a focus on developing therapeutics for age-related macular degeneration (AMD). Its advanced product candidate is Fovista, which is for use in combination with anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) drugs. Receive News & Ratings for Ophthotech Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ophthotech Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Basf Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Berenberg Bank Begins Coverage on Cranswick plc (CWK) Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Pagegroup PLC (PAGE) ATN International Inc (atni) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 29th Bernard G. Brautigan Sells 28,434 Shares of Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Stock Premier Foods Plc’s (PFD) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Shore Capital Reiterates Hold Rating for Tesco PLC (TSCO) Sirius Minerals PLC (SXX) Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital Cineworld Group plc (CINE) Price Target Increased to GBX 630 by Analysts at Canaccord Genuity Zacks: Analysts Set $20.00 Price Target for Saratoga Investment Corp (SAR) Zacks: Analysts Set $14.00 Price Target for CBIZ, Inc. (CBZ) Analysts Expect Red Lion Hotels Co. (RLH) to Announce ($0.24) Earnings Per Share Barrington Research Downgrades NutriSystem Inc. (NTRI) to Market Perform Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Downgrades First Horizon National Corp (FHN) to Hold HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Insider Douglas J. Flint Buys 23 Shares Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT (EARN) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 29th Analysts Anticipate WSFS Financial Co. (WSFS) to Announce $0.60 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “” from Brokerages Stifel Financial Corp (SF) Cut to C+ at TheStreet Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Basf Se (BASFY) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Basf Se (OTCMKTS:BASFY) have received an average rating of “Hold” from the nine ratings firms that are presently covering the company. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. BASFY has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Basf Se from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. Evercore ISI initiated coverage on shares of Basf Se in a research note on Monday, February 13th. They issued a “buy” rating on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Basf Se from an “underweight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Basf Se (OTCMKTS:BASFY) traded up 0.29% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $97.93. 10,738 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $95.19 and its 200-day moving average is $89.98. Basf Se has a 12-month low of $69.98 and a 12-month high of $98.00. The stock has a market capitalization of $89.95 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.67 and a beta of 1.28. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Basf Se (BASFY) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/basf-se-basfy-given-average-recommendation-of-hold-by-analysts.html. About Basf Se BASF SE is a chemical company. The Company operates through five segments: Chemicals, Performance Products, Functional Materials & Solutions, Agricultural Solutions, and Oil & Gas. The Chemicals segment consists of the Petrochemicals, Monomers and Intermediates divisions. Its portfolio ranges from solvents, plasticizers and high-volume monomers to glues and electronic chemicals, as well as raw materials for detergents, plastics, textile fibers, paints and coatings, crop protection and medicines. Receive News & Ratings for Basf Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Alts Equities Smart-Beta New ETFs ETF Ecosystem Webcasts ETF Newsletter Video Podcasts ETF Strategist Channel 2017 Outlook Channel Search You Are Here: Home → 2017 → March → Keystone Approval Could Fuel MLP ETFs Keystone Approval Could Fuel MLP ETFs March 23, 2017 at 3:22 pm by Max Chen While everyone is focused on President Donald Trump’s healthcare bill, the administration’s oil pipeline initiative is expected to push forward as the U.S. State Department approves the permit needed to proceed with the construction of the Canada-to-U.S. Keystone XL oil pipeline, fueling a pop in master limited partnerships and related exchange traded funds. The JPMorgan Alerian MLP Index ETN (NYSEArca: AMJ) and the ALPS Alerian MLP ETF (NYSEArca: AMLP), the two largest MLP-related exchange traded products, gained 0.8% and 0.7% Thursday, respectively. The State Department’s will approve a permit by Monday, which could mark the beginning of process of a lengthy and complicated approval process from state regulators and legal challenges, Reuters reports. Tom Shannon, the State Department’s undersecretary for political affairs, is expected to approve the cross-border permit for TransCanada Corp’s (NYSE: TRP) pipeline on or before Monday, Former President Barack Obama blocked the proposal, arguing that the pipeline would not reduce fuel prices for Americans and would only contribute to global warming emissions, but Trump supports Keystone and signed an executive order days after he took office to expand on its construction. The Monday deadline is the end of a 60-day period that Trump ordered back in January when he first signed the executive order. “If people want to build pipelines in the United States, they should use American steel and they should build it and create it right here,” Trump said at a Monday rally in Louisville, Kentucky. “That pipeline is going to be manufactured right here.” The Keystone pipeline is expected to funnel over 800,000 barrels=per-day of heavy crude from Canada’s oil sands to U.S. refineries and ports along the Gulf of Mexico. Nick Loris, an energy and environment researcher at the Heritage Foundation, said an approval would “reestablish some certainty and sanity to a permitting process that was hijacked by political pandering.” MLPs primarily deal with the distribution and storage of energy products, so their business model is less reliant on the commodities market since MLPs profit off the quantity of oil and natural gas they are able to move around. Consequently, MLPs have historically shown a weaker correlation to energy prices over longer periods as MLPs act more like energy toll roads, profiting on the volume of oil moving through their pipelines. For more information on master limited partnerships, visit our MLPs category. You might also like: Gold ETFs Continue Looking Solid Understanding ETF Liquidity & Trading Gold Rebound Lift Spur Miners ETFs Oil ETFs: It’s Not All About OPEC Post Comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Latest News Webcast: Factors Also Work for Fixed-Income ETFs March 28, 2017 Smart-Beta Bargain Hunters See a Good Entry Point into U.S. Stock ETFs March 28, 2017 Equities Lingering Concerns for Consumer Staples ETFs March 28, 2017 Equities It’s Time to be Patient With Bank ETFs March 28, 2017 Equities Europe ETFs Could be Poised to Deliver March 28, 2017 Currency-Hedged S&P 500 Complacency Comes to An End March 28, 2017 ETF Strategists, Slider Steel, A Favored Trump Trade, Cools Off March 28, 2017 Equities, Slider Gold ETFs Continue Looking Solid March 28, 2017 Alts, Slider Webcast: Factors Also Work for Fixed-Income ETFs March 28, 2017 Smart-Beta Bargain Hunters See a Good Entry Point into U.S. Stock ETFs March 28, 2017 Equities Lingering Concerns for Consumer Staples ETFs March 28, 2017 Equities It’s Time to be Patient With Bank ETFs March 28, 2017 Equities Europe ETFs Could be Poised to Deliver March 28, 2017 Currency-Hedged About Us Thanks for visiting ETFtrends.com. Our team of writers, editors, and financial experts work hard to bring you the latest news, trends and insights from the world of exchange traded funds. The following links will give you some further information about us and our team. Read more BE SURE TO VISIT Articles Index Category Highlights ETF Education Central ETF Resume Feature Articles Video Podcasts Glossary COPYRIGHT © 2005-2017 GLOBAL TRENDS INVESTMENTS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. DISCLAIMERS &nbsp;
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Snap shares jump after Wall Street's thumbs up Snap floated at $24 a share Credit: Reuters James Titcomb 27 March 2017 • 6:08pm Snapchat's parent company received a vote of confidence from Wall Street on Monday after a rocky opening month following its blockbuster flotation. Shares in Snap jumped by 4.5pc after several analysts slapped buy ratings on the company, a relief after the messaging app’s owner had fallen below its initial public offering price. Banks including Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan advised investors to buy shares in the company. Significantly, the three banks had underwritten Snap’s $24bn (£19bn) IPO, and so were banned from putting ratings on the stock until Monday. After making a spectacular debut on the New York Stock Exchange that saw its value soar above $30bn, Snap’s shares had dropped, with some analysts fearing that the company bore a startling resemblance to Twitter, which has endured a tumultuous life as a public company. Snap, whose messaging app is used by 161m people a day, makes heavy losses and has warned that growth is slowing down. The company, which debuted at $24 a share on March 2, fell below $19 earlier this month but was trading at around its original offer price on Monday. Analysts said that the company was likely to turn a profit eventually, even if investors will have to wait. Morgan Stanley said the company is likely to make losses until 2020, but that it will be able to follow Facebook’s lead in growing rapidly after that. Investors have also worried that the app’s key features are being mercilessly copied by Facebook, as well as the social media giant’s other companies, Instagram and WhatsApp. Snap was attacked by the Investment Association, the body that represents UK investment managers, over selling shares that do not carry any votes. It called for the company to be barred from market indices such as the S&P 500, saying it had written to groups including FTSE Russell and S&P Dow Jones to press the issue. “Investors of all shapes and sizes need to have a voice in how the companies they own are run,” said Andrew Ninian, the Investment Association’s Director of Stewardship and Corporate Governance, said. Share this article Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest READ MORE ABOUT: Snapchat Shares Show more Technology latest 28 Mar 2017, 8:16pm This simple Apple update will make your iPhone faster and free up space  28 Mar 2017, 7:57pm Why you should never ask Amazon’s Alexa the value of Pi 28 Mar 2017, 7:17pm Samsung store suffers fire mishap a day before Galaxy S8 launch  28 Mar 2017, 5:45pm Your Facebook News Feed is about to look very different – here's why   28 Mar 2017, 2:43pm Elon Musk wants to merge brains and computers with Matrix-style technology 28 Mar 2017, 2:12pm Gender-neutral emoji approved for 2017 28 Mar 2017, 11:00am Square: Jack Dorsey's payments company launches in the UK 02:07 28 Mar 2017, 10:38am Google Home: AI speaker to launch in the UK next week 28 Mar 2017, 9:26am Adorable child think water heater is a friendly robot 06:01 28 Mar 2017, 2:37am Samsung to sell Galaxy Note 7s that were recalled over fire risk as refurbished versions 27 Mar 2017, 12:16pm Samsung Galaxy S8: UK release date, price, specs and rumours 27 Mar 2017, 10:59am Comment: WhatsApp's encryption keeps us safe: attacking it is wrong James Titcomb Gallery 27 Mar 2017, 8:31am Gallery: 32 best Android apps you should download right now 27 Mar 2017, 7:00am Mind healing: why are we so afraid of robots? 27 Mar 2017, 6:00am Comment: Drones come to Ambridge Telegraph View 27 Mar 2017, 5:00am Sir James Dyson to remain at controls as Dyson reports record results 26 Mar 2017, 9:43pm London stock market welcomes two new listings in tech and property 26 Mar 2017, 3:51am When did the clocks change? 25 Mar 2017, 7:05pm Launch pad for start-ups with a social purpose raises £1.3m 24 Mar 2017, 5:42pm Comment: Three ways internet companies like Google and Facebook can prevent the spread of extremism Cara McGoogan 24 Mar 2017, 5:05pm Blow for 'gig economy' as tribunal rules Excel must pay courier holiday  If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Aol.com Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Taxes My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Wall Street hits six-week low on Trump's healthcare bill defeat Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Yashaswini Swamynathan Mar 27th 2017 10:13AM March 27 (Reuters) - Wall Street main indexes hit their lowest levels in six weeks on Monday after Republican's pulled a healthcare bill, raising questions about President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on his ambitious economic agenda. The bill, which was set to overhaul the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, was Trump's first major legislative move. Bank stocks, which had outperformed in the post-election rally on bets of tax cuts and simpler regulations, took a beating on Monday. Bank of America was down 3.6 percent and JPMorgan 2 percent, with the two stocks being the biggest drag on the S&P 500. Goldman Sachs fell 3 percent, shaving 45 points off the Dow. Check out Trump's first 100 days through photos: 68 PHOTOS Donald Trump's first 100 days in office, a photo for each day See Gallery Donald Trump's first 100 days in office, a photo for each day US President Donald Trump takes the oath of office with his wife Melania and son Barron at his side, during his inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S., January 20, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY U.S. President Donald Trump waves as he leaves the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) headquarters after delivering remarks during a visit in Langley, Virginia U.S., January 21, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY U.S. President Donald Trump shows a letter from former President Barack Obama at a swearing-in ceremony for senior staff at the White House in Washington, DC January 22, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria U.S. President Donald Trump holds up the executive order on withdrawal from the Trans Pacific Partnership after signing it in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington January 23, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque U.S. President Donald Trump speaks to reporters while signing an executive order to advance construction of the Keystone XL pipeline at the White House in Washington January 24, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque U.S. President Donald Trump, left, speaks as U.S. Vice President-elect Mike Pence, center, and John Kelly, secretary of U.S. Homeland Security, stand during a visit to the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in Washington, D.C. U.S., on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017. Trump acted on two of the most fundamental -- and controversial -- elements of his presidential campaign, building a wall on the border with Mexico and greatly tightening restrictions on who can enter the U.S. Photographer: Chip Somodevilla/Pool via Bloomberg U.S. President Donald Trump speaks briefly to reporters as he arrives aboard Air Force One at Joint Base Andrews, Maryland, U.S. January 26, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst WASHINGTON, DC - JANUARY 27: British Prime Minister Theresa May shakes hands with U.S. President Donald Trump in The Oval Office at The White House on January 27, 2017 in Washington, DC. British Prime Minister Theresa May is on a two-day visit to the United States and will be the first world leader to meet with President Donald Trump. (Photo by Christopher Furlong/Getty Images) U.S. President Donald Trump, flanked by Chief of Staff Reince Priebus (R), speaks by phone with Russia's President Vladimir Putin in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington, U.S. January 28, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst Activists march to the US Capitol to protest President Donald Trump's executive actions on immigration in Washington January 29, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY U.S. President Donald Trump speaks before signing an executive order while surrounded by small business leaders in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., on Monday, Jan. 30, 2017. Trump said he will dramatically reduce regulations overall with this executive action as it requires that for every new federal regulation implemented, two must be rescinded. Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images WASHINGTON, DC - JANUARY 31: (AFP OUT) U.S. President Donald Trump shakes hands with Robert J. Hugin, Executive Chairman, Celgene Corporation, as he meets with representatives from PhRMA, the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on January 31, 2017 in Washington, DC. According to its website, PhRMA 'represents the country's leading biopharmaceutical researchers and biotechnology companies.' Kenneth C. Frazier, Chairman and CEO of Merck & Co. looks on from left. (Photo by Ron Sachs - Pool/Getty Images) Rex Tillerson, U.S. Secretary of State for President Donald Trump, left, speaks as U.S. President Donald Trump listen after the swearing-in ceremony in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. Tillerson won Senate confirmation as secretary of state after lawmakers split mostly along party lines on President Trump's choice of an oilman with no government experience but a career negotiating billions of dollars of energy deals worldwide. Photographer: Michael Reynolds/Pool via Bloomberg WASHINGTON, DC - FEBRUARY 2: President Trump and Vice President Mike Pence meet with Harley Davidson executives and Union Representatives on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC on Thursday, Feb. 02, 2017. (Photo by Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post via Getty Images) U.S. President Donald Trump waves as he arrives at West Palm Beach International airport in West Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., February 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria U.S. President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump attend the 60th Annual Red Cross Gala at Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., February 4, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria US President Donald Trump watches the Super Bowl with First Lady Melania Trump (R) and White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus (L) at Trump International Golf Club Palm Beach in West Palm Beach, Florida on February 5, 2017. / AFP / MANDEL NGAN (Photo credit should read MANDEL NGAN/AFP/Getty Images) U.S. President Donald Trump salutes as he arrives at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Florida, U.S., February 6, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria U.S. President Donald Trump receives a figurine of a sheriff during a meeting with county sheriffs at the White House in Washington, U.S. February 7, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY U.S. President Donald Trump speaks while Brian Krzanich, chief executive officer of Intel Corp., left, listens during a meeting at The White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., on Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017. Trump defended his power to put limits on who can enter the U.S., saying it shouldn't be challenged in the courts even as a three-judge panel weighs whether to reinstate restrictions on refugees and travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations. Photographer: Chris Kleponis/Pool via Bloomberg U.S. President Donald Trump watches as Vice President Mike Pence (R) swears in Jeff Sessions (L) as U.S. Attorney General while his wife Mary Sessions holds the Bible in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., February 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is greeted by U.S. President Donald Trump (L) ahead of their joint news conference at the White House in Washington, U.S., February 10, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts US President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump pose for photos with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife Akke Abe at Trump's Mar-a-Lagoresort in Palm Beach, Florida, on February 11, 2017 prior to dinner. / AFP / NICHOLAS KAMM (Photo credit should read NICHOLAS KAMM/AFP/Getty Images) U.S. President Donald Trump arrives on Air Force One at Joint Base Andrews, Maryland, U.S., February 12, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau (L) and U.S. President Donald Trump shake hands during a joint news conference at the White House in Washington, U.S., February 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque U.S. President Donald Trump listens to U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos speak at meeting with teachers and parents at the White House in Washington, U.S., February 14, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque U.S. President Donald Trump (2ndR) and first lady Melania Trump greet Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his wife Sara (L) as they arrive at the South Portico of the White House in Washington, U.S., February 15, 2017.REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque U.S. President Donald Trump announces Alexander Acosta as his new nominee to lead the Department of Labor during a news conference at the White House in Washington, U.S., February 16, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque U.S. President Donald Trump walks with his grandchildren Arabella and Joseph to Marine One upon his departure from the White House in Washington, U.S., February 17, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria U.S. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump acknowledge supporters during a "Make America Great Again" rally at Orlando Melbourne International Airport in Melbourne, Florida, U.S. February 18, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque The motorcade of U.S. President Donald Trump turns into Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Florida U.S., February 19, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque U.S. President Donald Trump announces his new National Security Adviser Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster (L) and that acting adviser Keith Kellogg (R) will become the chief of staff of the National Security Council at Trump's Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Florida U.S. February 20, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY WASHINGTON, DC - FEBRUARY 21: (AFP OUT) President Donald Trump tours the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History & Culture on February 21, 2017 in Washington, DC. (Photo by Kevin Dietsch - Pool/Getty Images) Director of the Office of Management and Budget Mick Mulvaney (L) listens to U.S. President Donald Trump speak during a "strategic initiatives" lunch at the White House in Washington, U.S., February 22, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque U.S. President Donald Trump arrives for a meeting with experts on addressing human trafficking at the White House in Washington, DC, U.S. February 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst U.S. President Donald Trump addresses the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in Oxon Hill, Maryland, U.S. February 24, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst U.S. President Donald Trump leaves after a dinner at Trump International Hotel in Washington, U.S., February 25, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas WASHINGTON, DC - FEBRUARY 26: AFP OUT President Donald Trump delivers brief remarks before a toast during the annual Governors' Dinner in the East Room of the White House February 26, 2017 in Washington, DC. Part of the National Governors Associationï¿½ annual meeting in the nation's capital, the black tie dinner and ball is the first formal event the Trumps will host at the White House since moving in last month. (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) WASHINGTON, DC - FEBRUARY 27: U.S. President Donald Trump poses with the Historically Black Colleges and Universities in the Oval Office of the White House, on February 27, 2017 in Washington, DC. (Photo by Aude Guerrucci-Pool/Getty Images) US Vice President Mike Pence (L) and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan (R) applaud as US President Donald J. Trump (C) arrives to deliver his first address to a joint session of Congress from the floor of the House of Representatives in Washington, DC, USA, 28 February 2017. REUTERS/Jim Lo Scalzo U.S. President Donald Trump looks up while hosting a House and Senate leadership lunch at the White House in Washington, U.S. March 1, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque U.S. President Donald Trump tours the pre-commissioned U.S. Navy aircraft carrier Gerald R. Ford at Huntington Ingalls Newport News Shipbuilding facilities in Newport News, Virginia, U.S. March 2, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst  U.S. President Donald Trump, joined by U.S. Senator Marco Rubio (from L), U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and White House advisor Jared Kushner, thanks fourth-grade students for the "Happy Birthday Florida" card they gave him as he visits their classroom at Saint Andrew Catholic School in Orlando, Florida, U.S. March 3, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst WEST PALM BEACH, FL - MARCH 04: US President Donald Trump waves from his vehicle as he stops while being driven past supporters near his Mar-a-Lago resort home on March 4, 2017 in West Palm Beach, Florida. President Trump spent part of the weekend at the house. (Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images) WASHINGTON, DC - MARCH 05: President Donald J. Trump walks across the South Lawn towards the White House on March 5, 2017 in Washington, DC. Trump is returning from a weekend at his Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach. Florida. (Photo by Erik S. Lesser-Pool/Getty Images) U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson (L) and U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions stand together after speaking on issues related to visas and travel after U.S. President Donald Trump signed a new travel ban order in Washington, U.S., March 6, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque Beside a painting of Hillary Clinton, U.S. President Donald Trump makes a surprise appearance in front of a tour group at the White House in Washington, U.S. March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque WASHINGTON, DC - MARCH 8: First Lady Melania Trump arrives at a luncheon she was hosting to mark International Women's Day in the State Dining Room at the White House in Washington, DC on Wednesday, March. 08, 2017. (Photo by Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post via Getty Images) WASHINGTON, DC - MARCH 09: US President Donald Trump greets Dorothy Savarese, CEO of Cape Cod Five Mutual Company, during a National Economic Council listening session with the CEOs of small and community banks, in the Roosevelt Room at the White House on March 9, 2017 in Washington, D.C. (Photo by Kevin Dietsch-Pool/Getty Images) U.S. President Donald Trump talks with Representative Greg Walden (R-OR) during a healthcare meeting with key House Committee Chairmen at the White House in Washington, U.S., March 10, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria POTOMAC FALLS, VA - MARCH 11: President Donald Trump has a working lunch with staff and cabinet members and significant others at his golf course, Trump National on March 11, 2017 in Potomac Falls, Virginia. (Photo by Pete Marovich-Pool/Getty Images) A boy looks at a man dressed in the likeness of U.S. President Donald Trump as ultra Orthodox Jewish men dressed in Purim costumes take part in the reading from the Book of Esther ceremony performed on the Jewish holiday of Purim, a celebration of the Jews' salvation from genocide in ancient Persia, as recounted in the Book of Esther, in Jerusalem March 12, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Awad U.S. President Donald Trump is applauded by his cabinet as he signs an executive order entitled "Comprehensive Plan for Reorganizing the Executive Branch" in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington, U.S. March 13, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst U.S. President Donald Trump and Saudi Deputy Crown Prince and Minister of Defense Mohammed bin Salman enter the State Dining Room of the White House in Washington, U.S., March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque U.S. President Donald Trump takes the stage for a rally at Municipal Auditorium in Nashville, Tennessee, U.S. March 15, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst Ireland's Prime Minister Enda Kenny (R) presents a traditional gift of a bowl of shamrocks to U.S. President Donald Trump during a St. Patrick's Day reception at the White House in Washington, U.S. March 16, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst German Chancellor Angela Merkel (L) and U.S. President Donald Trump walk to a joint news conference in the East Room of the White House in Washington, U.S., March 17, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts The motorcade of U.S. President Donald Trump makes its way to Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., March 18, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque U.S. President Donald Trump speaks to reporters with New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft at his side aboard Air Force One as he departs West Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., to return to Washington March 19, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque U.S. President Donald Trump walks on the South Lawn of the White House to board Marine One before departing to Louisville, Kentucky, in Washington U.S., March 20, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria U.S. President Donald Trump receives a NASA jacket during a signing ceremony for S442, the NASA transition authorization act, in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque U.S. President Donald Trump attends a meeting with the Congressional Black Caucus Executive Committee at the White House in Washington, DC, U.S., March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria U.S. President Donald Trump reacts as he sits on a truck while he welcomes truckers and CEOs to attend a meeting regarding healthcare at the White House in Washington, U.S., March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY WASHINGTON, DC - MARCH 24: U.S. President Donald Trump meets with Medal of Honor recipients in the Oval Office of the White House on March 24, 2017 in Washington, DC. The meeting with decorated war heroes took place on Medal of Honor Day (Photo by Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images) U.S. President Donald Trump leaves after a dinner at Trump International Hotel in Washington, U.S., March 25, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas Security personnel stand watch as U.S. President Donald Trump's motorcade arrives at the Trump National Golf Club in Potomac Falls, Virginia, U.S., March 26, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke (C) receives a pen after U.S. President Donald Trump signed H.J. Res. 57, in the Roosevelt room of the White House in Washington, U.S., March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE The S&P 500 financial index was off 2.2 percent, far underperforming the other eight losers among the major S&P sectors. "The markets around the globe are falling as a rethinking of the 'Trump Trade' begins to focus on reality," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial in New York, wrote in a note. "While we don't expect a full-blown correction to commence at this time, we do see rising negative sentiment replacing the 'Hope Trade'." The dollar, which had found favor on the possibility of tax cuts and higher infrastructure spending, hit its lowest since Nov. 11, while prices of safe-haven gold shot up to one-month highs. Utilities and real estate - the defensive plays of the S&P 500 - were the only ones in the black. At 9:40 a.m. ET (1340 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 169.57 points, or 0.82 percent, at 20,427.15, the S&P 500 was down 20.16 points, or 0.86 percent, at 2,323.82 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 54.35 points, or 0.93 percent, at 5,774.39. Investors will look forward to comments from Chicago Federal Reserve President Charles Evans and his Dallas counterpart, Robert Kaplan, for clues on the timing of the next interest rate hike. Fed Chair Janet Yellen is scheduled to speak at a conference on Tuesday in Washington. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 2,113 to 587. On the Nasdaq, 1,928 issues fell and 486 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed six 52-week highs and six lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 11 highs and 33 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) FindTheCompany | Graphiq Tags Business Donald Trump Economy health care markets obamacare SP 500 trump US Read Full Story Markets US Globals Currencies S&P 500 2,360.47 18.88 0.81% DJIA 20,717.49 166.51 0.81% NASDAQ 5,879.99 39.62 0.68% DAX 12,149.42 153.35 1.28% NIKKEI 225 19,202.87 217.28 1.14% HANG SENG 24,345.87 152.17 0.63% USD (per EUR) 1.08 0.00 -0.45% USD (per CHF) 0.99 0.01 0.68% JPY (per USD) 111.14 0.37 0.34% GBP (per USD) 1.25 -0.01 -0.83% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. From Our Partners Miranda Kerr swears by this healthy food staple Cheat Sheet The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 Pay no interest until May 2018 with this card 2 cards charging 0% interest for 21 months The highest paying cash back card is here Transfer your debt to a card with 0% APR for up to 21 months Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Pay off your house at a furious pace if you owe less than $625k Congress gives American homeowners who owe less than $300-625k a once in a lifetime mortgage bailout Earn 10x the national average in your savings account Investment Accounts For Any Type of Investor Interest rates on the rise! Put your money in a new CD account today The 15 least expensive states to live in the us 12 illegal job interview questions you don’t have to answer 10 secret credit card perks that could save you $500 a year 15 Least Stressed Cities in America 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon The 15 Best Places to Live in the United States Recommended For You 1 These 9 states are where taxpayers get the biggest bang for their tax dollars 2 Company announces recall of nearly 1 million pounds of chicken for possible 'metal... 3 WATCH LIVE: President Trump signs executive order reversing Obama climate regulations 4 David Bowie's former NYC apartment hits the market for $6.5 million 5 Chipotle founder and CEO slams McDonald's for McNugget claims as he boasts about h... 6 Trump tweets, then Ford announces investment in three Michigan plants 7 The company that owns Olive Garden just placed a $780 million bet on a tiny restau... 8 Famous gold coin worth $4.5 million vanishes from museum Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,360.1418.550.79% DJIA20,713.34162.360.79% NASDAQ5,879.4239.040.67% DAX12,149.42153.351.28% NIKKEI 22519,202.87217.281.14% HANG SENG24,345.87152.170.63% USD (per EUR)1.080.00-0.45% USD (per CHF)0.990.010.67% JPY (per USD)111.150.390.35% GBP (per USD)1.25-0.01-0.83% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners This is American manufacturing in the Trump eraCNNMoney The Trump stock market rally is under siegeCNNMoney Obamacare survived: What all this means for youCNNMoney Trump-friendly media lash out after health care failureCNNMoney How Obamacare repeal could affect tax reformCNNMoney Boom lands $33 million to test supersonic aircraftCNNMoney Sears has 'substantial doubt' that it can surviveCNNMoney Pay fight heats up for US women's hockeyCNNMoneyBy PubExchange Tue, Mar 28 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Change weather location Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Games Video Shop Finance Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile Finance © 2017  AOL Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CVR Refining LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CVR Refining LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) Upgraded at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Altisource Residential Corp (RESI) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 29th Access National Co. (ANCX) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.15 on May 25th Scotiabank Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (HEP) Tudor Pickering Begins Coverage on Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Intercontinental Exchange Inc (ICE) Jagged Peak Energy Inc (JAG) Receives Hold Rating from BMO Capital Markets Timothy Triche Sells 4,000 Shares of LTC Properties Inc (LTC) Stock Kevin Wilson Acquires 22,576 Shares of Biosyent Inc. (RX) Stock First Republic Investment Management Inc. Boosts Stake in Altria Group Inc (MO) Bank of America Corp (BAC) Position Lowered by First Republic Investment Management Inc. GSA Capital Partners LLP Sells 878 Shares of Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) GSA Capital Partners LLP Acquires 1,434 Shares of QTS Realty Trust Inc (QTS) GSA Capital Partners LLP Acquires Shares of 23,902 Ferro Co. (FOE) GSA Capital Partners LLP Buys 6,122 Shares of Square Inc (SQ) Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Position Lowered by Silvercrest Asset Management Group LLC CymaBay Therapeutics Inc (CBAY) PT Raised to $6.50 at Piper Jaffray Companies Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) PT Lowered to $30.00 Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated Increased by Analyst (SYKE) Frank Giustra Sells 1,000,000 Shares of Klondike Gold Corp. (KG) Stock CVR Refining LP (CVRR) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of CVR Refining LP (NYSE:CVRR) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report published on Friday. According to Zacks, “CVR Refining, LP is engaged in the refining of petroleum primarily in the United States. It has refining and related logistics assets that operate in the mid-continent region. The company operates in Coffeyville, Kansas, Wynnewood and Oklahoma. CVR Refining, LP is headquartered in Sugar Land, Texas. “ A number of other research analysts have also weighed in on CVRR. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of CVR Refining from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and set a $10.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Credit Suisse Group AG upgraded shares of CVR Refining from a neutral rating to an outperform rating in a research note on Friday, December 9th. Barclays PLC reiterated a sell rating and issued a $10.00 price objective on shares of CVR Refining in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of CVR Refining from a sell rating to a neutral rating and set a $12.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, TheStreet upgraded shares of CVR Refining from a d+ rating to a c- rating in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $10.00. Shares of CVR Refining (NYSE:CVRR) traded up 1.65% on Friday, hitting $9.25. The stock had a trading volume of 113,267 shares. CVR Refining has a 1-year low of $5.50 and a 1-year high of $13.25. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $10.62 and a 200 day moving average of $9.59. The company has a market capitalization of $1.37 billion, a PE ratio of 88.94 and a beta of 1.34. CVR Refining (NYSE:CVRR) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 16th. The company reported ($0.07) earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.08) by $0.01. CVR Refining had a negative net margin of 2.34% and a negative return on equity of 7.55%. The business earned $1.27 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.18 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned ($0.83) EPS. CVR Refining’s revenue was up 33.9% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts anticipate that CVR Refining will post $0.71 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/cvr-refining-lp-cvrr-lowered-to-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Koch Industries Inc. purchased a new position in CVR Refining during the fourth quarter worth approximately $117,000. Eqis Capital Management Inc. raised its position in CVR Refining by 34.2% in the third quarter. Eqis Capital Management Inc. now owns 13,590 shares of the company’s stock worth $119,000 after buying an additional 3,465 shares during the period. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. raised its position in CVR Refining by 16.5% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 14,100 shares of the company’s stock worth $124,000 after buying an additional 2,000 shares during the period. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management raised its position in CVR Refining by 1.1% in the third quarter. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management now owns 14,395 shares of the company’s stock worth $126,000 after buying an additional 150 shares during the period. Finally, Global X Management Co. LLC raised its position in CVR Refining by 28.6% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 18,076 shares of the company’s stock worth $159,000 after buying an additional 4,021 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 6.50% of the company’s stock. CVR Refining Company Profile CVR Refining, LP is an independent downstream energy limited partnership with refining and related logistics assets that operates in the mid-continent region. The Company is a petroleum refiner. It owned and operated a complex full coking medium-sour crude oil refinery in Coffeyville, Kansas with a rated capacity of 115,000 barrels per calendar day (bpcd) and a complex crude oil refinery in Wynnewood, Oklahoma with a rated capacity of 70,000 bpcd capable of processing 20,000 bpcd of light sour crude oils (within its rated capacity of 70,000 bpcd), as of December 31, 2016. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on CVR Refining (CVRR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for CVR Refining LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CVR Refining LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CNOOC Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CNOOC Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Advantage Lithium Corp (AAL) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates LifePoint Health Inc (LPNT) Bonds Trading 1.9% Higher Bank of East Asia Ltd (BKEAY) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) WisdomTree Trust (DXJS) Announces $0.01 Quarterly Dividend Amber Road Inc (AMBR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Ameris Bancorp (ABCB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research WisdomTree Intl. LargeCap Div Fd Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 (DOL) Peabody Energy Co. (BTUUQ) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (BIO) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Avenir Corp Owns Stake in Internap Corp (INAP) NEXT plc (NXT) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages IDEX Co. (IEX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Cal-Maine Foods Inc (CALM) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts AtriCure Inc. (ATRC) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Ophthotech Corp (OPHT) Receives Market Perform Rating from Leerink Swann Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Receives Overweight Rating from Pacific Crest Hays plc (HAS) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts CNOOC Ltd (CEO) Upgraded to “Hold” by HSBC Holdings plc March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet HSBC Holdings plc upgraded shares of CNOOC Ltd (NYSE:CEO) from a reduce rating to a hold rating in a research note released on Friday, The Fly reports. CEO has been the topic of several other reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of CNOOC from a hold rating to a strong sell rating in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Credit Suisse Group AG raised CNOOC from an underperform rating to an outperform rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. Macquarie raised CNOOC from a neutral rating to an outperform rating in a report on Thursday. Citigroup Inc raised CNOOC from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a report on Thursday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised CNOOC from an underweight rating to a neutral rating in a report on Thursday. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. CNOOC presently has a consensus rating of Buy. Shares of CNOOC (NYSE:CEO) traded up 0.31% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $120.05. 45,984 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $53.60 billion, a P/E ratio of 1200.50 and a beta of 0.98. CNOOC has a 1-year low of $109.30 and a 1-year high of $138.36. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $119.50 and its 200-day moving average is $125.44. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “CNOOC Ltd (CEO) Upgraded to “Hold” by HSBC Holdings plc” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/cnooc-ltd-ceo-upgraded-to-hold-by-hsbc-holdings-plc.html. The business also recently declared a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, July 25th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 8th will be issued a dividend of $2.961 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 6th. This is an increase from CNOOC’s previous semiannual dividend of $1.55. This represents a dividend yield of 4.95%. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Kanaly Trust Co increased its stake in shares of CNOOC by 4.1% in the third quarter. Kanaly Trust Co now owns 805 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 32 shares in the last quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of CNOOC by 9.4% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 1,266 shares of the company’s stock valued at $160,000 after buying an additional 109 shares in the last quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. increased its stake in shares of CNOOC by 2.9% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 1,609 shares of the company’s stock valued at $202,000 after buying an additional 46 shares in the last quarter. Creative Planning increased its stake in shares of CNOOC by 1.3% in the third quarter. Creative Planning now owns 1,602 shares of the company’s stock valued at $203,000 after buying an additional 20 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Gilman Hill Asset Management LLC increased its stake in shares of CNOOC by 9.0% in the third quarter. Gilman Hill Asset Management LLC now owns 1,885 shares of the company’s stock valued at $238,000 after buying an additional 155 shares in the last quarter. 4.70% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. CNOOC Company Profile CNOOC Limited is a Hong Kong-based investment holding company principally engaged in the exploration, production and trading of oil and gas. Its businesses include conventional oil and gas businesses, shale oil and gas businesses, oil sands businesses and other unconventional oil and gas businesses. The Company mainly operates through three segments. Receive News & Ratings for CNOOC Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CNOOC Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cybg Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cybg Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Energen Co. (EGN) Earns “Buy” Rating from Scotiabank BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for IDEX Co. (IEX) Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Scotiabank Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Tesoro Co. (TSO) Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Earns “Buy” Rating from Scotiabank Gulfport Energy Co. (GPOR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Aldeyra Therapeutics Inc (ALDX) Set to Announce Earnings on Tuesday Advantage Lithium Corp (AAL) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates LifePoint Health Inc (LPNT) Bonds Trading 1.9% Higher Bank of East Asia Ltd (BKEAY) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) WisdomTree Trust (DXJS) Announces $0.01 Quarterly Dividend Amber Road Inc (AMBR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Ameris Bancorp (ABCB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research WisdomTree Intl. LargeCap Div Fd Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 (DOL) Peabody Energy Co. (BTUUQ) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (BIO) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Avenir Corp Owns Stake in Internap Corp (INAP) NEXT plc (NXT) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Cybg Plc (CYBG) Given Neutral Rating at BNP Paribas March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet BNP Paribas reaffirmed their neutral rating on shares of Cybg Plc (LON:CYBG) in a research report report published on Friday. They currently have a GBX 280 ($3.46) price target on the stock. A number of other analysts have also recently commented on the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded Cybg Plc to a buy rating and upped their price target for the stock from GBX 250 ($3.09) to GBX 330 ($4.08) in a research report on Monday, November 28th. Citigroup Inc restated a sell rating on shares of Cybg Plc in a research report on Friday, January 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an underweight rating and issued a GBX 220 ($2.72) price target on shares of Cybg Plc in a research report on Thursday, December 1st. Panmure Gordon started coverage on Cybg Plc in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. They issued a sell rating and a GBX 245 ($3.03) price target for the company. Finally, Shore Capital restated a hold rating on shares of Cybg Plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 245.89 ($3.04). Cybg Plc (LON:CYBG) traded down 1.23% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching GBX 264.40. The company had a trading volume of 364,791 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 271.13 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 274.95. Cybg Plc has a 1-year low of GBX 203.70 and a 1-year high of GBX 306.90. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 2.33 billion. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Cybg Plc (CYBG) Given Neutral Rating at BNP Paribas” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/cybg-plc-cybg-given-neutral-rating-at-bnp-paribas.html. In related news, insider David Duffy sold 54,374 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 264 ($3.26), for a total transaction of £143,547.36 ($177,284.62). Cybg Plc Company Profile CYBG PLC is a United Kingdom-based company, which intends to be the holding company for CYB Investments Limited (CYBI) and Clydesdale Bank PLC (Clydesdale Bank). The Company will own National Australia Bank Limited’s Clydesdale and Yorkshire Bank operations (the Clydesdale Bank business). Clydesdale Bank provides the United Kingdom retail and small and medium enterprises (SME) banking services. Receive News & Ratings for Cybg Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cybg Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Carnegie Endowment for International Peace Follow Carnegie Sign up for Carnegie Email Personal InformationE-mail * Submit Twitter Facebook YouTube Google+ RSS Scribd Podcasts LinkedIn Email Search Search In: Just Washington All Centers Search Global Resources Global Centers Beijing Home中文 Issues主题 Programs项目 Experts专家 Events会议 Publications出版物 Shortcuts About Us Employment Opportunities Global Intern Program Global Intern Summer Program Staff Advisory Council For Media Carnegie–Tsinghua Young Ambassadors Program About Tsinghua University Podcasts Window Into China Beirut Homeعربي Issuesعربي Regionsالمناطق Expertsالباحثون Eventsالأنشطة Publicationsالمنشورات Shortcuts About Us Employment Opportunities Staff Advisory Council Sada Diwan Capacity Building For Media Brussels Home Issues Regions Experts Events Publications Publikationen auf deutsch Publications en français Shortcuts Judy Dempsey's Strategic Europe For Media About Us Employment Opportunities Staff Moscow HomeГлавная страница ProgramsПрограммы IssuesТемы ExpertsЭксперты EventsСобытия PublicationsПубликации Shortcuts For Media About Us Employment Opportunities Staff New Delhi Home Issues Regions Experts Events Publications Shortcuts About Us Employment Opportunities Staff Founders Committee For Media Video Washington Home Issues Regions Publications Experts Events Programs Projects Shortcuts About Us Support Annual Report Employment Opportunities Junior Fellows Program Staff Board of Trustees Conference Center For Media For Government For Academics Diwan Sada Strategic Europe China Financial Markets The Carnegie Podcast Video Infographics Languages English Experts Publications Events Русский Эксперты Публикации События 中文 专家 出版物 会议 Français Experts Publications Deutsch Experten Publikationen عربي الباحثون المنشورات الأنشطة About the Global Think Tank Support Carnegie Connect With Us Research Latest Analysis Publications Papers Popular Projects Blogs Sada Strategic Europe Diwan China Financial Markets Experts Global Directory Programs Programs Projects Events Topics Regions and Countries Issues Toward A Global Norm Against Manipulating the Integrity of Financial Data Source: Getty Tim Maurer,  Ariel (Eli) Levite,  George Perkovich White Paper March 27, 2017 Summary:  It is vital to the stability of the international system to prohibit the corruption of data in the global financial system, and to strengthen a comprehensive norm to this effect. Related Topics Defense and Security Economy Foreign Policy Cyberspace Technology Related Media and Tools Full Text Brief Print Page Add a comment Introduction On March 18, 2017, the finance ministers and central bank governors of the world’s twenty leading economies—the G20—issued a communiqué highlighting that The malicious use of Information and Communication Technologies (ICT) could disrupt financial services crucial to both national and international financial systems, undermine security and confidence and endanger financial stability. We will promote the resilience of financial services and institutions in G20 jurisdictions against the malicious use of ICT, including from countries outside the G20. With the aim of enhancing our cross-border cooperation, we ask the FSB [Financial Stability Board], as a first step, to perform a stock-taking of existing relevant released regulations and supervisory practices in our jurisdictions, as well as of existing international guidance, including to identify effective practices. The FSB should inform about the progress of this work by the Leaders Summit in July 2017 and deliver a stock-take report by October 2017.1 The G20 finance ministers and central bank governors should be commended for urging improvements in the resilience of the global financial system. But governments should not only ask the private sector to do more; governments themselves can help reduce the risk to the financial sector. The G20 heads of state could commit their countries explicitly to refrain from using offensive cybertools to corrupt the integrity of data in the financial system and to cooperate when such attacks do occur. Tim Maurer Fellow More from this author... What It’ll Take to Forge Peace in Cyberspace International Relations and Cyber Security: Carnegie Contribution to Oxford Bibliographies ‘Proxies’ and Cyberspace @maurertim The financial crisis that erupted in 2007 highlighted how important trust is for the global system and how fragile it can be. The 2016 Bangladesh central bank cyber incident exposed a new threat to financial stability and the unprecedented scale of the risk that malicious cyber actors pose to financial institutions.2 Beyond theft, using cyber operations to manipulate the integrity of data, in particular, poses a distinct and greater set of systemic risks than other forms of financial coercion. The complex and interdependent character of the financial system and its transcendence of physical and national boundaries mean that manipulating the integrity of financial institutions’ data can, intentionally and/or unintentionally, threaten financial stability and the stability of the international system. Importantly, unlike the 2007–2008 global crisis, this risk exists independent of the underlying economic fundamentals and will only increase as more and more governments make cashless economies an explicit goal.3 In 2015, the UN Group of Governmental Experts (UNGGE) and the G20 had already suggested broad norms against attacks on critical civilian infrastructure in peacetime. The G20 finance ministers and central bank governors have now highlighted particularly the risk to financial stability. In this text, we therefore propose that states build on these existing agreements and go further, explicitly committing not to undermine the integrity of data and algorithms of financial institutions in peacetime or during war,4 nor to allow their nationals to do so.5 We propose the following language for such an agreement, of course inviting debate and refinement: A State must not conduct or knowingly support any activity that intentionally manipulates the integrity of financial institutions’ data and algorithms wherever they are stored or when in transit. To the extent permitted by law, a State must respond promptly to appropriate requests by another State to mitigate activities manipulating the integrity of financial institutions’ data and algorithms when such activities are passing through or emanating from its territory or perpetrated by its citizens. States have already demonstrated significant restraint from using cyber means against the integrity of financial institutions’ data. Such an agreement would therefore be making explicit what could be considered emerging state practice. Making it explicit would send a clear signal that the stability of the global financial system depends on preserving the integrity of financial data in peacetime and during war and that the international community considers the latter off limits; build confidence among states that already practice restraint in this domain, and thereby increase their leverage to mobilize the international community in case the norm is violated; create political momentum for greater collaboration to tackle nonstate actors who target financial institutions with cyber-enabled means; and complement and enhance existing agreements and efforts, namely the 2015 G20 statement, the 2015 UNGGE report, and the 2016 cyber guidance from the Committee on Payments and Market Infrastructures and the International Organization of Securities Commissions (CPMI-IOSCO). While the March 18 G20 finance ministers and central bank governors communiqué does not define “malicious use of ICT,” it is reasonable to think that it particularly focuses on the integrity and availability of financial data. For, it is inevitable and not necessarily malicious that law enforcement and intelligence agencies will breach the confidentiality of data in banks and other financial institutions in order to counter terrorism, weapons proliferation, and criminality. This paper therefore describes why it is vital to the stability of the international system to prohibit the corruption of data in the global financial system, and to strengthen a comprehensive norm to this effect.  Ariel (Eli) Levite Nonresident Senior Fellow Nuclear Policy Program More from this author... Toward A Nuclear Firewall: Bridging the NPT’s Three Pillars U.S. Allies and Rivals Digest Trump’s Victory The Iran Deal’s Future Remains Uncertain States would be expected to fulfill these commitments in accordance with the limits and requirements of national and international laws, both of which may ultimately need to be adjusted to reflect the commitments suggested here. They would also be expected to implement existing guidance and best practices, such as those outlined in the 2016 CPMI-IOSCO cyber guidance.6 There is now an opportunity for the G20 heads of state to promulgate such a commitment and to ask the Financial Stability Board to implement it in detail, together with the relevant standard-setting bodies, the private sector, law enforcement, and Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT) communities. It would build on the precedent set in 2015 when the G20 decided to include cybersecurity in its head of state communiqué and the precedent with the actions taken by the G20 after the 2007 financial crisis as well as the G20 finance ministers and central bank governors communiqué. Background In 2015, the UNGGE, which included representatives from the five permanent members of the UN Security Council, agreed in their consensus report that: “A State should not conduct or knowingly support ICT activity contrary to its obligations under international law that intentionally damages critical infrastructure or otherwise impairs the use and operation of critical infrastructure to provide services to the public.”7 This declaration was later endorsed by heads of state at the 2015 G20 summit.8 Such general political commitments are laudable. Yet, history suggests that states often overpromise and underdeliver in upholding such broad normative declarations. One problem is ambiguity: states may differ in how they define critical infrastructure. There is also a growing number of experts expressing skepticism that the UNGGE process will be effective.9 Moreover, the language developed by the UNGGE focuses on the effects of cyber operations leaving a gap in the specific context of the highly interdependent global financial system. There is value, then, in seeking a more detailed agreement building on and clarifying this language in the context of specific operations that could be especially damaging to the international system. George Perkovich Vice President for Studies More from this author... Toward A Nuclear Firewall: Bridging the NPT’s Three Pillars Don't Rip up the Iran Deal, Mr. President Is a Pakistan-India War Just One Terrorist Attack Away? @PerkovichG The financial system is a particularly promising area given existing common interests among most states. It differs from most other types of critical infrastructure, such as transportation or the electrical grid, because it is globally interdependent. Major powers, notwithstanding their fundamental differences, have recognized this in principle and deed. The U.S. government reportedly refrained from using offensive cyber operations against Saddam Hussein’s financial systems as well as in hypothetical exercises simulating a conflict with China. 10 Russia’s 2011 Draft Convention on International Information Security explicitly suggests that “each State Party will take the measures necessary to ensure that the activity of international information systems for the management of the flow of . . . finance . . . continues without interference.” 11 China also has a vested interest in the system, reflected, among other ways, by its successful effort to make the renminbi part of the IMF’s global reserve currency basket. 12 Meanwhile, countries around the world are setting up or strengthening their CERTs specific to the financial sector, as, for example, India did in February 2017. 13 Global interdependence makes the financial sector at once more vulnerable than other critical infrastructure and more likely to be in the common interest of states to protect. The damaging effects of an intrusion targeting the electrical grid or the oil and gas sector will be mostly limited to a single country’s territory or immediate neighbors. The effects of an incident targeting the data integrity of a financial institution, however, are not necessarily bound by geography. Such effects would be very difficult to understand, and therefore hard to tailor and to predict. An operation targeting a payment processing system could directly corrupt the transactions running through it. Indirectly, a manipulation of the integrity of an institution’s data could lead to a bankruptcy that in turn could send shock waves throughout the international system. For example, the 2008 collapse of Lehman Brothers highlighted the unanticipated contagion effect the bankruptcy of even a single institution can have. The 1997 Asian financial crisis was similarly triggered by the collapse of the Thai currency and the unanticipated contagion effect across the region. Such second-order effects are difficult to anticipate. Moreover, they may not be factored in the attacker’s battle damage assessments. International experience in outlawing counterfeiting currencies may be instructive here. States have adhered to and helped enforce the prohibition against counterfeiting because there is widespread mutual vulnerability to its effects. And because this restraint is widely accepted, states violating it are highly likely to face punishment. Nonstate actors, of course, persist in counterfeiting, as do North Korea and a few other states, but the practice is contained enough that it does not threaten the stability of the international financial system. 14 Another historical analogy conveys why major economic powers such as the G20, at least, would have interests in endorsing and upholding a specific norm against manipulating financial data in peacetime and in wartime: in 1914, the British government, using its dominant position in the global trade and financial system, conducted economic warfare against Germany. The strategy succeeded at deranging the global economy but after only three months, the British government abandoned it. The backlash occurred far more intensely and faster than anticipated, including protests from UK businesses, laborers, and political figures and pressure from allies. 15 The then-highly integrated nature of the global economy made it impossible to contain the blowback from an economic attack. Of course, in the twenty-first century, a few states that are relatively detached from the global economy, and nonstate actors who may or may not be affiliated with them, have capabilities to conduct cyberattacks against financial institutions. Such hostile actors would not be expected to adhere to the proposed commitment. Yet, the states that did endorse such a norm explicitly would be more united and would have a clearer interest and basis for demanding and conducting retaliatory action against violators of the norm, be they states, terrorists, or cybercriminals. In other words, the proposed explicit agreement could be a foundation on which to develop collective action against violators of any kind. (Some states that declared adherence could be tempted to tolerate or utilize “privateers” or other proxies to attack financial institutions. But, here, too, the existence of the agreement would provide more leverage than exists today to pressure mal-intentioned states). Building on Existing Norms and International Law An explicit agreement against manipulating the integrity of financial institutions’ data would build on recent international efforts to develop rules for cyberspace and on foundational international law against counterfeiting currency. Such a commitment also would redress a lacuna in the Law of Armed Conflict (also known as international humanitarian law). To date, the international community’s most important effort to develop rules of the road for cyberspace is the UN Group of Governmental Experts process, whose work was endorsed by the G20 in 2015. Yet, first, the group’s 2015 declaration and its G20 endorsement, thus far, lack detail and concrete steps to turn them into effective and robust security regimes. Second, the UNGGE aspirational norms language applies to peacetime and does not address wartime behavior or the gaps in existing international humanitarian law. It also faces a gap in the specific context of cyber operations targeting financial institutions. In many ways, manipulating the integrity of financial data is analogous to counterfeiting currency. Here, the 1929 International Convention for the Suppression of Counterfeiting Currencymay provide a legal base on which to build. 16 As then general counsel of the International Monetary Fund, François Gianviti, summarized in 2004, “A state’s right to issue its currency is protected against foreign states. Therefore, a foreign state may not counterfeit another state’s currency (customary international law and Geneva Convention of April 20, 1929 for the Suppression of Counterfeiting Currency).” 17 Violations of this prohibition have been rare, demonstrating that the norm has been particularly robust over a period stretching several decades. 18 This reflects states’ shared recognition that counterfeiting currency undermines the integrity and trust of the overall financial system on which most, if not all, depend. However, states have not yet debated and decided whether and how the injunction against counterfeiting could and should be extended to the digital age. That is, can and should the Convention for the Suppression of Counterfeiting Currency be applied to digital currency and/or financial data? If the integrity of financial data in the twenty-first century is as important to maintain as the integrity of currency, then making this explicit through a specific new agreement would serve global interests. The precedent of the anti-counterfeiting regime could foster understanding of this interest and confidence that an injunction against manipulating financial data could be feasible. The Law of Armed Conflict also currently falls short of accounting for the nature and importance of data. There are at least two large issues here. One relates to jus ad bellum (the just cause for war). Legal experts are divided over whether an attack on financial data (however portentous and massive its potential effects) qualifies as a use of force. Article 2(4) of the UN Charter only prohibits the use of armed force, not political or economic coercion. 19 More broadly, with the emergence of hybrid warfare and information warfare, the international community is now wrestling with whether and how to legally treat acts of coercion that fall short of the use of force. The 2017 Tallinn Manual 2.0 on the International Law Applicable to Cyber Operations focuses on this issue. More pertinent is whether jus in bello (the just conduct of war) requires or allows data to be judged off-limits from targeting. Legal experts again are divided here. For example, the group of legal experts that compiled the 2013 Tallinn Manual argued that data do not constitute an object and that therefore offensive cyber operations targeting the integrity of financial data are beyond the scope, principles, and protections of existing international humanitarian law. 20 Consequently, the status of financial data under international law is a subject of debate. Moreover, whether financial institutions are considered civilian or military objects depends on whether a country defines “military object” narrowly to only include war-fighting capabilities or, as the United States does, broadly to include “war-fighting and war-sustaining” capabilities. 21 In the latter case, financial institutions and their data could be seen as legitimate military targets in wartime (though, as noted earlier, the United States appears to have eschewed such attacks to date). 22 Thus, an explicit agreement not to manipulate the integrity of financial data could indicate, at least in this narrow domain, how subscribing states intend international law to evolve. The Proposed Agreement Current trends in international affairs suggest that cyber threats against infrastructure are most likely to occur in the gray zone between peace and armed conflict. 23 An agreement that only protects the integrity of financial data in peacetime would be insufficient, given how vital the financial system is to the stability and well-being of all states and societies. The potential unintended negative consequences of an attack on the integrity of data, including blowback, weigh heavily against any benefit. Moreover, in case of armed conflict, money will be needed to rebuild and to pay any potential reparations. It is therefore desirable and feasible for states to agree not to manipulate the integrity of financial data in any circumstances. Focusing on the integrity of data does not devalue the importance of protecting its availability and confidentiality. However, it can be argued that the national and international consequences of manipulating data are greater than violations of confidentiality and more difficult to address technically than the interruption of availability. Corruption of data integrity can pose significant challenges for recovery. In addition to technical challenges, certain legal provisions specific to the financial system pose further hurdles, such as settlement finality. For these and other reasons, the manipulation of the integrity of data is a significantly bigger problem than malicious activity undermining the availability of data. Last but not least, while experts might disagree what constitutes “systemic risk” for the financial system, there is widespread consensus that the integrity of data is the most worrisome risk that exists. Distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks are relatively common. Technical solutions to prevent and mitigate them are available, and they are temporary and reversible. Moreover, states and the international community (through the United Nations) occasionally impose sanctions on financial institutions, which is somewhat akin to denying availability of the resources in these institutions to their owners and users. Proscriptions of operations that affect the availability of data could be included when the intention and/or effect is to corrupt the integrity of transactions, as in outsider trading, for example. The same applies to the availability of data on certain critical systems. Defining whether and how manipulations of the availability of such data could be addressed and included in the proposed agreement requires broader expert consultation and advice. The G20 should task the Financial Stability Board to work with relevant standard-setting bodies and experts to report on this issue for further consideration. Regarding confidentiality, some states will continue to conduct cyber operations to gather intelligence from banks and financial institutions. In addition to regulation, such operations are vital to tracking weapons proliferation and countering terrorism, money laundering, drug trafficking, and other illegal activities. Such espionage is not prohibited by international custom and law. 24 Seeking to proscribe intelligence gathering within a norm against cyber operations targeting financial institutions would make its adoption infeasible and/or raise significant doubts about its effectiveness once in place. Of course, cyber-intelligence intrusions have motivated other countries to discuss establishing limitations. And technical issues must be addressed to determine whether it could be feasible to distinguish between cyber intrusions of financial systems for intelligence gathering, on one hand, and intrusions designed to enable manipulation of data, on the other hand. The covert installation of payloads capable of affecting the integrity of the financial data would be prohibited. Taking these considerations into account, the proposed agreement as previously described would have three connected and mutually reinforcing elements: A State must not conduct or knowingly support any activity that intentionally manipulates the integrity of financial institutions’ data and algorithms wherever they are stored or when in transit. 25 To the extent permitted by law, a State must respond promptly to appropriate requests by another State to mitigate activities manipulating the integrity of financial institutions’ data and algorithms when such activities are passing through or emanating from its territory or perpetrated by its citizens. These provisions also build on the 2015 UNGGE report’s declaration: “States must not use proxies to commit internationally wrongful acts using ICTs, and should seek to ensure that their territory is not used by non-State actors to commit such acts.” 26 The important characteristic of this proposal is that it combines a negative norm, that is, states commit not to do something, as well as a positive norm, that is, states commit to do something. States would also be expected to implement existing due diligence standards and best practices, such as those outlined in the 2016 CPMI-IOSCO cyber guidance. Linking these three elements would augment the effectiveness of this normative regime overall, as illustrated in figure 1. Linking the agreement governing state behavior with expectations for the private sector to implement due diligence standards addresses potential moral hazard problems. The commitment by states to provide assistance and information, upon request, circumvents the attribution problem by shifting the burden from the victim of attack to states that profess interest in helping to respond to and ultimately prevent such attacks. States would be expected to comply with these obligations in accordance with the limits and requirements of national and international laws, both of which may ultimately need to be adjusted to reflect the norms described here. In order to achieve effective reciprocal adherence and be widely accepted among UN member states, the agreement should not be limited to a subset of financial institutions, for example, the Global Systemically Important Banks (as enumerated by the Financial Stability Board) located in a dozen countries. From the standpoint of international stability—and of winning the support of a large number of states—it is worth considering whether protections should be extended to all states’ financial institutions. The idea is that cyber operations that threaten the integrity of any financial institution would create precedents and sow fears that could threaten all states. The envisioned prohibition would be conveyed from states to states. It would not extend to nonstate actors (such as terrorists) operating on territory that the nominal sovereign is unable to police. While a wider scope would be desirable in many ways, practical considerations argue for narrowness. Persuading states to agree will be difficult enough initially, without involving nonstate actors. If and when key states subscribe to something like the agreement proposed here, future work could seek to broaden it in terms of actors and sanctuaried targets. Process: Possible Next Steps for Anchoring the Norm If the proposed agreement is desirable from the standpoint of national and global interests of key states, the question arises where to anchor it, how best to refine the details of its implementation, and where to seek adherents. The G20 has emerged as the most promising forum in which states could address the issues discussed here. One or more such states could champion the idea and invite others to improve upon and support it. Beyond that, the proposal could be raised for consideration in several international forums and multilateral organizations. If the G20 were to find the proposed agreement compelling, it could: Include the language proposed here (or otherwise improved) in the communiqué of the G20 heads of state meeting   Task the Financial Stability Board to implement and promulgate the agreement with the relevant standard-setting bodies and private sector institutions including CPMI, IOSCO, and the Basel Committee (this would include exploring some of the questions listed below, namely whether the availability of certain data and systems ought to be included and whether all types of data or specific types of data would fall under the agreement, such as transaction-based data, operations data, and ledger/ownership data); and develop a report to be submitted to the next G20 meeting outlining the progress made and a road map for further implementation. Unlike the actions taken after the 2007–2008 financial crisis, adoption and implementation of an agreement like the one proposed here would require engagement with countries’ national security communities and CERTs. No international forum to date exists that allows for such interactions. However, the Financial Stability Board can act as the convener for such a process, potentially working with and supported by other nongovernmental organizations. The Committee on Payments and Market Infrastructures and the International Organization of Securities Commissions are relevant institutions, especially considering their recent work. The International Monetary Fund is another relevant institution as it is one of the few fora convening both representatives from ministries of finance and from central banks, two important stakeholder groups relevant to this proposal. The World Economic Forum’s interest and past engagement with cybersecurity presents an opportunity to raise attention about this issue among top executives from the private sector. These executives would need to be engaged to properly address technical details to enhance the verifiability and robustness of the norm. The Institute of International Finance is another institution that could engage with the global financial industry on these issues. Finally, there are clearly limits to the extent to which officials in the national security communities of each country can engage with foreign governments and experts in the financial sector. Given that, we can envision a scenario where an international agreement through the G20 would be complemented by a series of unilateral declarations by each government or its military to bolster the G20’s statement and contributing to the agreement’s effectiveness. Unilateral declarations would also be an easy way for states that are not part of the G20 to express that they join the G20 member states in their commitment. Questions to Be Addressed We have developed this proposal with feedback from officials in government, relevant international organizations, and financial institutions in a select number of states, including the United States, Russia, China, the United Kingdom, Singapore, and Israel, to assess its propositions. The feedback has been generally positive; the foundational assumptions outlined in this memo were confirmed or adjusted in subsequent iterations. In order for the norm to be widely accepted and practiced, the following questions would need to be clarified and more fully addressed in its negotiation and implementation. We invite readers to consider them and offer responses to the authors and/or to other interested parties. What should be the scope of financial institutions? Are the definitions and scope listed below sufficient, or would they need to be narrowed or broadened? 27 The following terminology lists already agreed-upon definitions in international trade, especially the final definitions negotiated as part of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), and the international finance community: “any financial intermediary or other enterprise that is authorised to do business and regulated or supervised as a financial institution under the law of the Party in whose territory it is located” (this is the definition of a “financial institution” in the TPP’s final text for financial services);  “a financial institution, including a branch, located in the territory of a Party that is controlled by persons of another Party” (this is the definition of a “financial institution of another party” in the TPP’s final text for financial services); “any non-governmental body, including any securities or futures exchange or market, clearing agency, or other organisation or association, that exercises regulatory or supervisory authority over financial service suppliers or financial institutions by statute or delegation from central or regional government” (this is the definition of a “self-regulatory organisation” in the TPP’s final text for financial services); 28 and “a multilateral system among participating institutions, including the operator of the system, used for the purposes of clearing, settling, or recording payments, securities, derivatives, or other financial transactions” (this is the definition of “financial market infrastructure” in BIS/IOSCO 2012 Principles for Financial Market Infrastructures). 29  Given the potential significant effect for the system at large if certain data and systems are unavailable, how can availability be added and combined with the focus on the integrity of data in a meaningful framing and description? Also, is there malicious activity targeting availability that affects the integrity of transactions, and, if so, how should this be addressed? In the context of an armed conflict and international humanitarian war, can a distinction be made between targeting financial institutions in their physical form versus targeting their data? In other words, if it is permissible to target a bank with conventional means to destroy currency it physically stores, should it not be permissible to target a bank with cyber means because of the latter’s potential collateral damage and blowback potential through offensive cyber operations, in particular? With financial institutions taking advantage of cloud services to outsource part of their data management to other companies, is the proposed language “wherever they are stored” an effective way to capture this trend? Is it necessary? Would the agreement apply only to those states that agree to accept it, or would those that accept the norm be expected to apply its requirements and limitations vis-à-vis states that did not make a reciprocal commitment? More broadly, in the case of any norm that forswears a very specific activity, how do states avoid seeming to signal tolerance of other activities that may also be harmful? Or conversely, isn’t a modest norm better than leaving the domain entirely unaffected? When an incident occurs involving the manipulation of the integrity of a financial institution’s data, what cooperation are states expected to provide? What are current gaps in cooperation among computer security incident response teams and among law enforcement agencies? What information are states expected to share? Should states be expected to accept joint investigative teams? Should states be expected to pass new or to amend existing laws criminalizing such activity on their territory and for all their citizens independent of where the activity occurs, if they do not already exist? Should states be expected to support punitive action through the UN Security Council in case of violations by a state? Does the state need to be a member of the agreement or should the agreement be complemented by a UN Security Council resolution to apply to the entire UN membership? What best practices among members of the Convention on Cybercrime can be adopted for this narrower type of incident? What measures beyond existing cooperative mechanisms among members of the Convention on Cybercrime ought to be included? What could a template incorporating these details look like? Can techniques be developed to detect intrusions that undermine the integrity of financial institutions’ data? And can techniques be developed to distinguish between intrusions for intelligence-gathering and those that would also be able to corrupt data? What notification requirements and regime should be in place for states to become aware of such incidents? What protections must exist? Finally, we acknowledge that other sectors, such as telecommunications and energy, and the integrity of data of other systems are critical for the financial system. However, any agreements covering these sectors are even more complicated to negotiate and to implement effectively. We therefore offer this proposal as the start for what is likely going to be a prolonged process until an effective comprehensive security regime can be put in place. Appendix: A Review of Past Cyber Incidents Involving Financial Institutions This section outlines significant cyber incidents targeting financial institutions around the world from 2011 until December 2016, with the addition of a few selected important incidents between 2007 and 2011. It is noteworthy that there is no public data that any of the incidents involving the manipulation of the integrity of financial institutions’ data appear to involve states; this suggests states are exercising restraint so far, except for the disk-wiping attack against South Korean financial institutions allegedly carried out by North Korea, and perhaps the low–level, distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks targeting Russian financial institutions in December 2016. The cyber incidents listed in the table below include defacement of websites, DDoS attacks, and intrusions using more sophisticated malware. The targets of the incidents were mainly banks but also one stock exchange and one payment system, and the countries whose financial sectors were hit include Belgium, Brazil, Estonia, Georgia, Lebanon, Russia, South Korea, Ukraine, and the United States. In many cases, it is difficult to know with certainty who perpetrated the attack, but the suspected attackers range from criminals and hacking groups acting independently, to hackers acting under state sponsorship and states themselves. This review was part of the authors’ preliminary research and supported the assumption that states already exercise significant restraint in this area compared to what is technically possible. Table 2: Shorthand for Cyberattacks and Dates Shorthand Date Russian banks DDoS attacks Late 2016 Bangladesh central bank heist Early 2016 Belgian National Bank incident Early 2016 Shanghai Composite Index manipulation (uncertain) 2015–2016 Russian banks theft Late 2015 Russian currency manipulation Early 2015 Metel malware attack on Russian banks 2015 Ukrainian Ministry of Finance data breach Mid 2015 Warsaw Stock Exchange breach Late 2014 Ukrainian bank data breach Mid 2014 Carbanak malware attack 2013–2015 Dark Seoul South Korean attacks Early 2013 JPMorgan data breach 2012–2015 Brazilian banks DDoS attacks 2012, 2014 Brazilian payment system attack 2012–2014 U.S. banks DDoS attacks 2012–2013 Shanghai Composite Index manipulation (uncertain) Mid 2012 Lebanese Gauss virus infections 2011–2012 South Korean banks attack Mid 2011 Nasdaq intrusion Late 2010 Georgian website defacements Mid 2008 Estonian DDoS attacks Mid 2007 2016 DDoS Attacks Targeting Russian Financial Institutions On December 2, the Russian Federal Security Service announced that it had discovered pending cyberattacks intended to impact “a range of major Russian banks” starting from December 5.30 Servers and command centers purportedly to be used in these attacks were located in the Netherlands and owned by a Ukrainian hosting company named BlazingFast. Its director, Anton Onoprichuk, said he had no information about the asserted attack and that his company was unable to find any malicious data. The Dutch Ministry of Security and Justice said that it was aware its infrastructure could be used for cyberattacks elsewhere, and in a statement noted that “in case . . . a cyberattack does occur on Monday, then it is up to the Russian authorities to decide whether to start an investigation. . . . If desired, they can ask the Dutch investigating authorities for assistance.”31 On December 9, Rostelecom, Russia’s telecom operator, said in a statement that it had blocked DDoS attacks against the five biggest banks and financial institutions in Russia on December 5. They reached a peak volume of 3.2 million packets per second, which is low compared to the volume of other recent DDoS attacks, and the longest lasted a few hours. The statement further noted that part of the DDoS attacks involved a botnet similar to that used in prior weeks against Germany’s Deutsche Telekom and Ireland’s Eircom, exploiting a vulnerability in home routers.32 There was no identification of state actors or perpetrators of the attack, though the Russian Federal Security Service claimed that it was being organized by “foreign intelligence services” and speculation remained that due to the servers’ location and ownership, this had been an action on behalf of Ukraine.33 The Russian Federal Security Service stated that it expected the DDoS attacks to be accompanied by text messages, agitating social network publications, and blog statements about a “crisis in the Russian credit and financial system, bankruptcy and withdrawal of licenses of leading federal and regional banks,” and that “the campaign [would be] directed against several dozen Russian cities.”34 Presumably, this would be an attempt to create a run on Russian banks, initiating a financial crisis. No evidence exists that such action, complementary to the DDoS attacks, was attempted. 2016 Bangladesh Central Bank Heist In February, media reported that hackers had breached the network of the Bangladesh central bank and sent thirty-five fraudulent transfer requests to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, totaling nearly $1 billion.35 Four of these fraudulent requests succeeded and the hackers were able to transfer $81 million to accounts in the Philippines, representing one of the largest bank thefts in history.36 A fifth request for $20 million to be sent to an account in Sri Lanka was stopped when a misspelling of the recipient’s name, “Shalika Fandation” rather than “foundation,” raised suspicions.37 The remaining transfers, which totaled somewhere between $850 and $870 million, were also stopped before they could be completed.38 The hackers had introduced malware onto the Bangladesh central bank’s server and deployed keylogger software that allowed them to steal the bank’s credentials for the SWIFT system. The hackers also custom-designed a malware toolkit that compromised SWIFT’s Alliance Access system and was designed to cover their tracks. 39 This toolkit allowed them to delete records of transfer requests, bypass validity checks, delete records of logins, manipulate reporting of balances, and stop attached printers from printing transaction logs. Although the malware was custom-designed for the theft, the toolkit could potentially be used against other banks in the SWIFT system running Alliance Access software. The cybercriminals had monitored the bank’s routine activity in order to create money transfer requests that appeared genuine and timed the thefts over the weekend in Bangladesh when the Federal Reserve reached out to confirm the transactions, and then it was the weekend in New York when the Bangladesh central bank employees instructed the Federal Reserve to cancel the transactions. 2016 Belgian National Bank DDoS Attack On February 22, a hacking group called DownSec Belgium shut down the website for Belgium’s National Bank for most of the morning using DDoS attacks. 40 Little information has been reported about the attack, but it followed similar DDoS attacks by the same group against the websites for the Belgian Federal Agency for Nuclear Control, the country’s Crisis Center, and Belgium’s federal cyber emergency team. DownSec Belgium claims to fight against corrupt government abuses. 2015 Dip in the Shanghai Stock Market (uncertain incident) Beginning on June 12, the Shanghai Composite Index began to crash, and by June 19 it had fallen by 13 percent. 41 Chinese stock markets continued to fall throughout July and August, and again in January and February 2016. 42 Although there is no public evidence, some have speculated that the sudden crash may have been caused by a cyberattack. 43 2015 Russian Banks’ Thefts From the Banks’ Own Customers There’s little information available on this incident currently, but SC Magazine UK recently reported that the Russian Central Bank revoked the licenses of three Russian banks in 2015 because an investigation uncovered evidence that current and former bank employees had been using cyberattacks to withdraw money from the accounts of their own clients, as well as to cover up other crimes and violations committed by the banks. 44 The Russian Central Bank reported that in the last quarter of 2015 alone, more than $20 million was stolen from the accounts of clients with what the central bank suspects was the knowledge or direct participation of the banks themselves. The central bank also reported that these hacks were likely the result of huge cuts to the financial industry in Russia over the preceding year, and these cuts had left disgruntled former bank employees willing to collaborate with hackers and left the banks unwilling or unable to shoulder the cost of upgrading their cybersecurity. 2015 Malware Currency Manipulation Through Russian Bank Russian-language hackers used a virus called the Corkow Trojan to hack into the computer systems of Russian-based Energobank starting in September 2014. 45 They were able to harvest credentials, launch their own trading software, and, on February 27, 2015, they placed more than $500 million in orders at nonmarket rates that caused the exchange rate to swing with extreme volatility between 55 and 66 rubles per dollar for a period of fourteen minutes. 46 Interestingly, it doesn’t appear that the hackers made any significant profit directly from the operation itself, although it’s possible that they took advantage of their insider knowledge to profit in other markets. It’s also possible that this attack was a pilot exercise for future attacks. Energobank has claimed losses of $3.2 million due to the trades. 2015 Metel Malware Attack on Russian Banks A group of cybercriminals used the previously discovered Metel banking Trojan to steal directly from banks rather than end users. The criminal gang—which is believed to consist of fewer than ten members—used spear phishing emails or browser vulnerabilities to hack into parts of the banks’ systems that had access to money transactions, such as the computers used by call center operators or the banks’ support teams. Once inside, the Metel malware automated the rollback of ATM transactions. This allowed the criminal group to use cards from the compromised banks to withdraw a virtually unlimited amount of money, because after each transaction the balance on the account automatically reset to the same amount. No infections of this kind have been detected outside of Russia. 47 2015 Ukrainian Ministry of Finance Data Breach In May, the pro-Russian hacktivist group CyberBerkut claimed to have hacked into the network of the Ukrainian Ministry of Finance. 48 The group posted what it claimed were documents stolen from the network, demonstrating that Ukraine was unable to service its external debt. The veracity of the group’s claims and the means by which they allegedly gained access to the ministry’s network remain unknown. See the 2014 Ukrainian data breach entry for more information on CyberBerkut. 2014 Warsaw Stock Exchange Breach In October, a group claiming to be affiliated with the so-called Islamic State hacked the internal networks of the Warsaw Stock Exchange and posted dozens of login credentials for brokers online. 49 The means by which the group gained access to the exchange’s networks are unknown, but they were reportedly able to infiltrate an investment simulator and a web portal for managing the stock exchange’s upgrade to a new trading system, as well as render the exchange’s website unavailable for two hours. 50 Exchange employees say that the trading system itself was not breached. NATO officials later indicated privately that they believed that the hacking group’s claim of being affiliated with Islamic militants was a false flag operation, and that in fact the breach was conducted by APT 28, a group widely believed by security researchers to be affiliated with the Russian government. 51 2014 Ukrainian Bank Data Breach In July, the pro-Russian group called CyberBerkut hacked into PrivatBank, one of Ukraine’s largest commercial banks, and published stolen customer data on VKontakte, a Russian social media website. 52 The means by which they gained access to the data is unknown. It is believed that they targeted PrivatBank because the bank’s co-owner, Igor Kolomoisky, had offered a $10,000 bounty for the capture of Russian-backed militants in Ukraine. 53 CyberBerkut warned PrivatBank customers to transfer their money to state-owned banks. CyberBerkut may have connections to the Russian government, but the relative lack of sophistication of their attacks has led some experts to conclude that official links are unlikely. 54 2013–2015 Carbanak Malware Attack on Various Banks A group of criminals used Carbanak malware to attack financial institutions including banks and electronic payment systems in nearly thirty countries. The malware installed a RAT (remote access tool) that allowed the criminals to surveil the banks’ daily operations using video feeds and photos over a period of months. 55 The group was then able to order ATMs to dispense cash at terminals and impersonate bank officials to order fraudulent transfers. However, the largest amounts of money were stolen when criminals impersonating bank officers hacked into the banks’ accounting systems and manipulated account balances so as to inflate the amount of money available and then transfer the additional money, so that the balance then returned to the original amount. The targeted countries included Australia, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada, China, the Czech Republic, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Iceland, India, Ireland, Morocco, Nepal, Norway, Pakistan, Poland, Romania, Russia, Spain, Switzerland, Taiwan, Ukraine, the United Kingdom, and the United States. 56 2013 Malware Attack on South Korean Banks This was an attack on March 20 that used what’s known as Dark Seoul malware against the computer networks of three South Korean banks—Shinhan, Nonghyup, and Jeju—resulting in data deletion and disruptions to ATMs and mobile payment systems. 57 Shinhan Bank’s internet banking servers were temporarily blocked for part of the day, leaving customers unable to perform online transactions, while operations at some branches of Nonghyup and Jeju were paralyzed for two hours after the virus erased files on the infected computers. A fourth bank, Woori, reported hacking but suffered no damage. Several Korean media organizations were also hit by the attacks: their computers were frozen but they were able to maintain normal broadcasts. 58 South Korea attributed the attack to North Korea. 59 2012–2015 Crime Ring Responsible for JPMorgan Data Breach In August 2014, JPMorgan reported a massive data breach in which hackers had gained access to contact information for over 80 million account holders, representing the biggest data breach of a U.S. financial institution in history. 60 Although there was initial speculation that the Russian government had been involved, 61 federal authorities indicted four men in November 2015 for the data breach, which they said was part of a huge operation that involved hacking into other financial institutions, a stock-pumping scheme, and online gambling operations that in total had netted them $100 million. 62 The criminals used the email addresses they gained through the JPMorgan hack to run a stock price manipulation scheme and also hoped to set up their own brokerage firm using the stolen data to contact potential customers. 63 Although the JPMorgan hack was their biggest, the crime ring had also hacked six other financial institutions, Scottrade, E-Trade, Dow Jones (the parent company that owns the Wall Street Journal), another financial news organization, and several online stock brokerages. 64 2012 and 2014 DDoS Attacks Against Brazilian Banks In January 2012, the hacker group Anonymous used DDoS attacks to take down the websites of some of the country’s biggest banks, which they said was intended to protest corruption and inequality in Brazil. 65 The attacks, which they dubbed #OpWeeksPayment, shut down the websites for Banco do Brasil, Itaú Unibanco, and Bradesco, among others, for hours at a time. 66 In June 2014, Anonymous launched another series of DDoS attacks, this time to protest the World Cup. 67 The attacks, called #OpHackingCup, took down several Brazilian websites including the Bank of Brazil. Other websites that were targeted included Brazilian government websites, Hyundai Brazil, and the official World Cup site. 68 2012–2014 Malware Attack on Brazilian Payment System Cybercriminals used “man-in-the-browser” malware to target Boleto Bancario, a popular Brazilian payment system. The payment system allows businesses to issue paper or online boletos (tickets) with a barcode that customers can use to remit money at a bank. 69 The malware injected itself into browsers on nearly 200,000 infected computers, where it was able to intercept and alter legitimate boletos so as to route payments into the hackers’ own accounts. 70 The attack compromised $3.75 billion in transactions, although it is unclear how much of that money the criminals were able to successfully deposit into their own accounts. 71 2012–2013 DDoS Attacks on U.S. Financial Institutions These were two coordinated waves of DDoS attacks against U.S. financial institutions’ websites, the first in September–October 2012 and the second in December 2012–January 2013. 72 An Islamic hacktivist group called the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Cyber Fighters claimed responsibility for the attacks, which they dubbed Operation Ababil, 73 but U.S. government officials have privately indicated to media that they believe Iran is actually responsible. 74 The scale of the attacks was unprecedented in the number of financial institutions hit and the amount of traffic flooding the sites, with one security researcher commenting that “there have never been this many financial institutions under this much duress.” 75 Although the group announced the attacks and the targets in advance both times, the banks were unable to defend themselves and access to the websites of many U.S. financial institutions was disrupted, including Bank of America, Citigroup, Wells Fargo, U.S. Bancorp, PNC, Capital One, Fifth Third Bank, BB&T, and HSBC. 76 Defensive and remedial measures have cost the banks millions of dollars to date. 77 Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Cyber Fighters announced two more waves of cyberattacks in 2013, but they appear to have been less effective. 78 2012 Possible Manipulation of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (uncertain incident) On June 4, the Shanghai Composite Index opened at a figure of 2,346.98, and fell exactly 64.89 points by close. 79 June 4 is the anniversary of Beijing’s infamous 1989 crackdown on student-led protests in Tiananmen Square, prompting many in China to speculate that both figures may have been intended to represent the anniversary of the tragedy. 80 The number 2,346.98 can be read backwards as the year, month, and date, followed by 23 to represent that 2012 marked the twenty-third anniversary of the protests. Similarly, many observers in China speculated that the 64.89 points that the stock market fell that day also represented 6/4/89. The apparent coincidence led to widespread, but unproven, speculation that the index may have been hacked and manipulated in order to produce those numbers. Numerology is very significant in Chinese culture, and Chinese citizens have been known to use numbers as a subtle form of protest in the past. 2011–2012 Gauss Virus Infecting Lebanese Banks On August 9, 2012, the Russian security firm Kaspersky Lab announced the discovery of the Gauss virus, which is designed to steal data from Lebanese banks—including the Bank of Beirut, EBLF, BLOM Bank, ByblosBank, Fransabank, and Credit Libanais—as well as from users of Citibank and PayPal. 81 Kaspersky’s experts concluded that the virus is state-sponsored malware designed by the creators of Stuxnet, Flame, and the Duqu collection of espionage Trojans. 82 More than 2,500 computers belonging to Kaspersky customers have been infected in twenty-five different countries—1,660 of those in Lebanon—although the security firm cautions that the total number of infected machines may number in the tens of thousands. 83 Once a PC has been infected, the Trojan steals detailed information, including browser history, passwords, cookies, system configurations, and online banking account credentials, and also installs a special font called Palida Narrow, the purpose of which is unknown. 84 Most interestingly, Gauss contains an encrypted payload that security researchers have been unable to decipher, indicating the presence of a significant exploit that the virus’s creators clearly considered important to protect. 85 Given that Lebanon serves as a banking hub for the entire Middle East and that the opacity of the country’s banks has often been a concern for financial regulators seeking to disrupt terror financing and money laundering, it seems likely that the virus may be designed to monitor and/or disrupt money flows deemed threatening to the sponsor state’s national security. 86 2011 Malware Targeting a South Korean Bank This incident targeting the banking operations of Nonghyup, a South Korean agricultural cooperative, began on April 12. The malware initially infected Nonghyup’s systems in September 2010 when a subcontractor inadvertently downloaded it onto a laptop, which the attackers used to spread the malware throughout the bank’s networks. 87 The attack destroyed the records of some credit card customers and caused a three-day service outage affecting ATMs, online and mobile banking, and credit card usage. South Korea attributed the attack to North Korea. 88 2010 Nasdaq Intrusion The intrusion of Nasdaq’s networks was first reported in an exclusive Bloomberg Business exposé in 2014. 89 In October 2010, the FBI detected an intrusion into Nasdaq’s computer servers. The intrusion utilized two zero-day vulnerabilities and resembled malware previously designed by Russia’s main intelligence agency, the Federal Security Service. The malware first entered through Nasdaq’s Directors Desk, a system that hundreds of companies use to share confidential financial information among board members. Nasdaq’s own statement at the time reported that the incursion was limited to that system alone, although Bloomberg’s reporting indicated that, in fact, the incursion may have spread more widely through the stock exchange’s networks while never accessing the trading platform itself. The NSA initially believed the malware was capable of causing widespread disruption to Nasdaq’s computer networks and of possibly wiping the entire exchange. There were also indications that a large cache of data had been stolen, although investigators had little proof of what exactly had been taken. The CIA later argued that the malware was less destructive than originally believed, and that while it couldn’t completely wipe a computer system it could take over certain functions and use them to disrupt the network. The investigators ultimately concluded that the intrusion was primarily designed to steal critical proprietary technology for Russia to imitate or incorporate into its own stock exchanges as part of a push to turn Moscow into a global financial hub. The malware has not been publicly analyzed and Bloomberg’s reporting included few details, so further technical information about the malware and its capabilities is unavailable in open-source literature. 2008 Website Defacement During the Russo-Georgian War Offensive cyber operations against targets in Georgia began on July 20, prior to the outbreak of the war itself, and continued until mid-August when the conflict ceased. 90 This was the first ever combination of offensive cyber operations with kinetic war and was allegedly carried out by the Russian government or Russian hacktivists with ties to the government. 91 On the day that the kinetic war began, websites sprang up with lists of websites to attack, precise instructions, and survey forms for hackers to report their actions after the fact, demonstrating a telling degree of advance preparation and foreknowledge of the beginning of the conflict. 92 The operations consisted of website defacements and DDoS attacks, with targets including the Georgian president’s website and other government sites. The only impact on the financial sector was the defacement of the National Bank of Georgia’s website. 93 2007 DDoS Attacks Against Estonia, Including Estonian Banks A series of coordinated DDoS attacks against Estonian government, bank, university, and newspaper websites began on April 26, lasting for three weeks. 94 During the first week, the DDoS attacks targeted only government and political parties’ email servers and websites, while in the second week the target list expanded to include Estonian news websites. 95 In order to bring their websites back online, network administrators had to shut them off to foreign traffic, ironically limiting the ability of Estonia’s media to tell the rest of the world what was happening. The third wave of the attack, which began on May 9, was the heaviest yet and focused on the Estonian banking sector. 96 These attacks forced two major Estonian banks—including Hansabank, the country’s largest—to suspend online banking operations while also severing the banks’ connection to ATMs and preventing customers from using Estonian debit cards outside the country. 97 This wave of attacks was heaviest on May 9–10, and then slowly decreased thereafter until ending on May 19, when the hackers’ botnet contracts appear to have expired. 98 The attacks were carried out by Russian hacktivists communicating openly on Russian-language chatrooms, where users shared precise instructions on how to conduct the attacks. Estonia accused the Russian government of being responsible for ordering the attacks but couldn’t produce definitive proof. 99 Acknowledgments The authors would like to recognize Taylor Brooks, Steven Nyikos, and Elizabeth Whitfield for their assistance on this publication as well as over four dozen officials and experts in more than ten countries for sharing their feedback and insights. Notes 1 G20 Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors, “Communiqué,” University of Toronto, March 18, 2017, http://www.g20.utoronto.ca/2017/170318-finance-en.html. 2 For an extensive review of this and other past cyber incidents involving financial institutions, please see the appendix. Krishna N. Das and Jonathan Spicer, “The SWIFT Hack—How the New York Fed Fumbled Over the Bangladesh Bank Cyber-Heist,” Reuters, July 21, 2016, http://www.reuters.com/investigates/special-report/cyber-heist-federal/. 3 States’ reliance on financial data and the system’s interdependence is likely to increase. For example, in December 2015, the New York Times ran a story about the Swedish government’s effort to move the country to an entirely cashless economy, and the UN is supporting countries’ efforts toward cashless economies through its Better Than Cash Alliance. The Indian government is also pursuing a cashless economy. See Liz Alderman, “In Sweden, a Cash-Free Future Nears,” New York Times, April 26, 2015, http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/27/business/international/in-sweden-a-cash-free-future-nears.html?_r=0; Better Than Cash Alliance, accessed April 21, 2016, https://www.betterthancash.org/; “From Eradicating Black Money to Cashless Economy: PM Modi’s Changing Narrative Since Demonetisation,” Indian Express, December 22, 2016, http://indianexpress.com/article/india/demonetisation-modi-cashless-economy-black-money-narratives-4439843/. 4 Disk-wiping malware can be included here. Meanwhile, efforts to break cryptography as part of intelligence data collection would not be covered by such an agreement. We also propose that states study the potential inclusion of data availability of certain critical systems as part of such an agreement but recommend exploring this in a follow-up process given the definitional challenges involved. 5 We are not the first to propose such an agreement but believe that this publication presents the most detailed and comprehensive analysis and proposal to date. For example, Richard Clarke and Robert Knake proposed a similar norm in their 2011 publication; see, Richard A. Clarke and Robert K. Knake, Cyber War: The Next Threat to National Security and What to Do About It (New York: HarperCollins, 2011), 269. Greg Austin and Eric Cappon at the EastWest Institute also wrote a short paper on this issue, making the analogy to the 1997 Convention on Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons; see, Greg Austin and Eric Cappon, “Internationally Protected Facilities in Cyberspace: The Examples of Stock Exchanges and Clearing Houses,” EastWest Institute, December 2014. 6 A moral hazard problem through such an international agreement is theoretically possible but unlikely given the significant threat from nonstate actors. Moreover, pressure to improve resilience through stronger due diligence already exists and an international agreement restraining state behavior would therefore follow and complement such existing efforts. 7 United Nations General Assembly, A/70/174, “Group of Governmental Experts on Developments in the Field of Information and Telecommunications in the Context of International Security,” July 22, 2015, https://documents-dds-ny.un.org/doc/UNDOC/GEN/N15/228/35/PDF/N1522835.pdf?OpenElement. 8 “G20 Leaders’ Communiqué Antalya Summit, 15-16 November 2015,” press release, European Council, November 16, 2015,http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/press/press-releases/2015/11/16-g20-summit-antalya-communique/. 9 Joe Uchill, “Israel Cyber Head: US-Backed Cyber Norms Too Broad,” Hill, September 13, 2016, http://thehill.com/policy/cybersecurity/295651-israel-cyber-head-us-supported-cyber-norms-too-broad. 10 John Markoff and Thom Shanker, “Halted ’03 Iraq Plan Illustrates U.S. Fear of Cyberwar Risk,” New York Times, August 1, 2009, http://www.nytimes.com/2009/08/02/us/politics/02cyber.html; Clarke and Knake, Cyber War, 202–3. 11 Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, “Convention on International Information Security,” September 22, 2011, http://www.mid.ru/en/foreign_policy/official_documents/-/asset_publisher/CptICkB6BZ29/content/id/191666. 12 Mark Fahey and Nick Wells, “Charts: Who Loses When the Renminbi Joins the IMF Basket?,” CNBC, December 2, 2015, http://www.cnbc.com/2015/12/02/who-loses-when-the-renminbi-joins-the-imf-basket.html. 13 Sandhya Dangwal, “Budget 2017: Computer Emergency Response Team to Be Set Up to Check Cyber Frauds,” India, February 1, 2017, http://www.india.com/news/india/budget-2017-computer-emergency-response-team-to-be-set-up-to-check-cyber-frauds-1802854/. 14 With regard to counterfeiting currency in wartime, the general counsel of the International Monetary Fund, Francois Gianviti, wrote in a 2004 article, “Does the prohibition against counterfeit currency apply in times of war? There have been instances of such practices.” For example, Germany’s Operation Bernhard targeted the British economy in World War II. The U.S. government reportedly counterfeited Vietnamese and Iraqi currency during its wars with those countries. F. A. Mann, The Legal Aspect of Money, 5th ed. (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1992);“Nazi Fake Banknote ‘Part of Plan to Ruin British Economy,’” Telegraph, September 29, 2010, http://www.telegraph.co.uk/history/world-war-two/8029844/Nazi-fake-banknote-part-of-plan-to-ruin-British-economy.html; Lizzie Suiter, Jennifer Hucke, and Courtney Schultz, “The War at Home: A Look at Media Propaganda in WWII, Vietnam, and the War in Iraq” (final paper, Stanford EDGE program, December 2004); Youssef M. Ibrahim, “Fake-Money Flood Is Aimed at Crippling Iraq’s Economy,” New York Times, May 27, 1992,http://www.nytimes.com/1992/05/27/world/fake-money-flood-is-aimed-at-crippling-iraq-s-economy.html?pagewanted=all. 15 Nicholas A. Lambert, “The Strategy of Economic Warfare: A Historical Case Study and Possible Analogy to Contemporary Cyber Warfare,” in Cyber Analogies, eds. Emily O. Goldman and John Arquilla (Monterey, CA: Naval Postgraduate School, 2014), http://calhoun.nps.edu/bitstream/handle/10945/40037/NPS-DA-14-001.pdf?sequence=1. 16 More than eighty countries have signed and ratified this convention, with China, India, and the United States among those who have signed but not ratified it. 17 Francois Gianviti, “Current Legal Aspects of Monetary Sovereignty,” International Monetary Fund, May 24, 2004, https://www.imf.org/external/np/leg/sem/2004/cdmfl/eng/gianvi.pdf. 18 The most recent and well-documented example of a violation of this norm is the superdollar—the counterfeiting by North Korea; Stephen Mihm, “No Ordinary Counterfeit,” New York Times, July 23, 2006, http://www.nytimes.com/2006/07/23/magazine/23counterfeit.html.  19 Oona Hathaway et al., “The Law of Cyber Attack,” California Law Review 100 (2012): http://digitalcommons.law.yale.edu/fss_papers/3852/. 20 Michael N. Schmitt, ed., Tallinn Manual on the International Law Applicable to Cyber Warfare (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2013), 56–57. 21 For example, the U.S. military destroyed a building in Mosul that housed millions of dollars of currency in January 2016 in an “overall effort to degrade [the Islamic State’s] financing.” Unlike the previous examples of counterfeiting currency during wartime, this is an example for the destruction of physical currency; Charlie Dunlap, “The Loyola Conference and the Evolving Definition of Military Objective,” Lawfire (blog), Duke University, February 14, 2016, http://sites.duke.edu/lawfire/2016/02/14/the-loyola-conference-and-the-evolving-definition-of-military-objective/. 22 One could argue that the U.S. war-sustaining doctrine as such would not need to be changed for such an agreement if it distinguishes between potentially permissible targeting of financial institutions in their physical form but prohibits targeting the integrity of financial institutions’ data. 23 James R. Clapper, “Statement for the Record: Worldwide Threat Assessment of the US Intelligence Community,” Senate Armed Services Committee, February 9, 2016,http://www.armed-services.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/Clapper_02-09-16.pdf. 24 Clarke and Knake, Cyber War, 202–3. 25 For example, by sharing information about a vulnerability with other actors who conduct the malicious action or by turning a blind eye to a nonstate actors’ activity. 26 United Nations General Assembly, A/70/174. 27 “Policy Measures to Address Systemically Important Financial Institutions,” Financial Stability Board, November 4, 2011, http://www.fsb.org/wp-content/uploads/r_111104bb.pdf?page_moved=1. 28 “Chapter 11: Financial Services,” in “Trans-Pacific Partnership,” Office of the United States Trade Representative, https://ustr.gov/sites/default/files/TPP-Final-Text-Financial-Services.pdf. 29 Committee on Payment and Settlement Systems, Technical Committee of the International Organization of Securities Commissions, “Principles for Financial Market Infrastructures,” Bank for International Settlements and IOSCO, April 2012, http://www.bis.org/cpmi/publ/d101a.pdf, 176. 30 “FSB Reports Foreign Special Services Preparing Massive Cyber Attacks,” TASS, December 2, 2016, http://tass.com/politics/916315. 31 Ivana Kottasova, “Russia: Foreign Hackers Are Trying to Take Down Our Banks,” CNN, December 2, 2016, http://money.cnn.com/2016/12/02/technology/russia-hack-banks-foreign/. 32 Ibid. 33 Ibid. 34 “FSB Reports,” TASS. 35 Steve Herman, “Historic Bangladesh Bank Heist Muddled in Mystery,” Voice of America,March 24, 2016, http://www.voanews.com/content/historic-bangladesh-bank-heist-muddled-in-mystery/3252379.html; Rick Gladstone, “Bangladesh Bank Chief Resigns After Cyber Theft of $81 Million,” New York Times, March 15, 2016, http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/16/world/asia/bangladesh-bank-chief-resigns-after-cyber-theft-of-81-million.html?_r=0. 36 Reuters, “Spelling Mistake Prevented Hackers Taking $1bn in Bank Heist,” Guardian, March 10, 2016, http://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/mar/10/spelling-mistake-prevented-bank-heist. 37 Gladstone, “Bangladesh Bank Chief,” New York Times. 38 Reuters, “Spelling Mistake,” Guardian. 39 Sergei Shevchenko, “Two Bytes To $951m,” Bae Systems Threat Research Blog, April 25, 2016, http://baesystemsai.blogspot.com/2016/04/two-bytes-to-951m.html. 40 Laurens Cerulus, “Belgian Government Plagued by Hackers,” Politico, February 22, 2016, http://www.politico.eu/article/belgium-government-agencies-plagued-hackers-downsec-ddos-attacks-cyber-crime/. 41 Charles Riley, “China Stocks Plunge as Bubble Fears Grow,” The Open (blog), CNN, June 19, 2015, http://money.cnn.com/2015/06/19/investing/china-stocks-shanghai-correction/. 42 “Chinese Stocks Tumble for a Second Day After Global Fall,” BBC, August 25, 2015, http://www.bbc.com/news/business-34048084; Diane Alter, “What Today's China Stock Market Crash Means for Your Money in 2016,” Money Morning, February 25, 2016, http://moneymorning.com/2016/02/25/what-todays-china-stock-market-crash-means-for-your-money-in-2016/. 43 AJ Vicens, “The Shocking Truth About Wednesday's Apocalypse Involving Wall Street, China, ISIS, and United Airlines,” Mother Jones, July 8, 2015, http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2015/07/nyse-glitch-hack-china-cia-cyber-isis. 44 Eugene Gerden, “Russian Bank Licences Revoked for Using Hackers to Withdraw Funds,” SC Magazine UK, February 17, 2016, http://www.scmagazineuk.com/russian-bank-licences-revoked-for-using-hackers-to-withdraw-funds/article/474464/. 45 Graham Cluley, “Corkow—the Lesser-Known Bitcoin-Curious Cousin of the Russian Banking Trojan Family,” We Live Security, February 11, 2014, http://www.welivesecurity.com/2014/02/11/corkow-bitcoin-russian-banking-trojan/; and “How malware moved the exchange rate in Russia,” We Live Security, February 12, 2016, http://www.welivesecurity.com/2016/02/12/malware-moved-exchange-rate-russia/. 46 Jake Rudnitsky and Ilya Khrennikov, “Russian Hackers Moved Ruble Rate With Malware, Group-IB Says,” Bloomberg, February 8, 2016, http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-02-08/russian-hackers-moved-currency-rate-with-malware-group-ib-says?mod=djemRiskCompliance. 47 Kate Kochetkova, “Dozens of Banks Lose Millions to Cybercriminals Attacks,” Kaspersky Lab Daily (blog), February 8, 2016, https://blog.kaspersky.com/metel-gcman-carbanak/11236/. 48 “Cyberberkut Hacked the Site of Ukrainian Ministry of Finance: The Country Has No Money,” SouthFront, May 25, 2015, https://southfront.org/cyberberkut-hacked-the-site-of-ukrainian-ministry-of-finance-the-country-has-no-money/. 49 Cory Bennett, “Hackers Breach the Warsaw Stock Exchange,” Hill, October 24, 2014, http://thehill.com/policy/cybersecurity/221806-hackers-breach-the-warsaw-stock-exchange. 50 Michael Riley and Jordan Robertson, “Cyberspace Becomes Second Front in Russia’s Clash With NATO,” Bloomberg, October 14, 2015, http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-10-14/cyberspace-becomes-second-front-in-russia-s-clash-with-nato. 51 Ibid. 52 “‘Cyber Berkut’ Hackers Target Major Ukrainian Bank,” Moscow Times, July 4, 2014, http://www.themoscowtimes.com/business/article/cyber-berkut-hackers-target-major-ukrainian-bank/502992.html. 53 “Pro-Russian Hackers Mug Key Ukrainian Bank,” ThreatWatch (blog), Nextgov, July 4, 2014, http://www.nextgov.com/cybersecurity/threatwatch/2014/07/stolen-credentials-network-intrusion-data-dump-pro/1225/. 54 Bill Gertz, “Russian Cyber Warfare Suspected in Bank Attacks,” Flash//CRITIC Cyber Threat News, August 30, 2014, http://flashcritic.com/russian-cyber-warfare-suspected-bank-attacks-sophisticated-hackers/. 55 David E. Sanger and Nicole Perlroth, “Bank Hackers Steal Millions via Malware,” New York Times, February 14, 2015, http://www.nytimes.com/2015/02/15/world/bank-hackers-steal-millions-via-malware.html?_r=0. 56 Kaspersky Lab’s Global Research and Analysis Team, “The Great Bank Robbery: The Carbanak APT,” Securelist (blog), Kaspersky Lab, February 16, 2015, https://securelist.com/blog/research/68732/the-great-bank-robbery-the-carbanak-apt/. 57 Choe Hang-Sun, “Computer Networks in South Korea Are Paralyzed in Cyberattacks,” New York Times, March 20, 2013, http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/21/world/asia/south-korea-computer-network-crashes.html; Juan C. Zarate, “The Cyber Financial Wars on the Horizon,” Foundation for Defense of Democracies, July 2015, http://www.defenddemocracy.org/content/uploads/publications/Cyber_Financial_Wars.pdf, 12–13. 58 Hang-Sun, “Computer Networks in South Korea ,” New York Times; Zarate, “Cyber Financial Wars,” Foundation for Defense of Democracies. 59 K.J. Kwon, “Smoking Gun: South Korea Uncovers Northern Rival's Hacking Codes,” CNN, April 22, 2015, http://www.cnn.com/2015/04/22/asia/koreas-cyber-hacking/. 60 James O’Toole, “JPMorgan: 76 Million Customers Hacked,” CNN, October 3, 2014, http://money.cnn.com/2014/10/02/technology/security/jpmorgan-hack/?iid=EL; Jose Pagliery, “JPMorgan's Accused Hackers Had Vast $100 Million Operation,” CNN, November 10, 2015, http://money.cnn.com/2015/11/10/technology/jpmorgan-hack-charges/. 61 Michael Riley and Jordan Robertson, “FBI Said to Examine Whether Russia Tied to JPMorgan Hacking,” Bloomberg, August 27, 2014, http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2014-08-27/fbi-said-to-be-probing-whether-russia-tied-to-jpmorgan-hacking. 62 Kim Zetter, “Four Indicted in Massive JP Morgan Chase Hack,” Wired, November 10, 2015, http://www.wired.com/2015/11/four-indicted-in-massive-jp-morgan-chase-hack/. 63 Ibid. 64 Ibid.; Pagliery “JPMorgan’s Accused Hackers,” CNN. 65 Matthew Cowley, “Brazilian Banks' Websites Face Hacker Attacks,” Wall Street Journal, January 31, 2012, http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB10001424052970204740904577194930748478316?cb=logged0.12500478560104966. 66 Esteban Israel, “Hackers Target Brazil's World Cup for Cyber Attacks,” Reuters, February 26, 2014, http://www.reuters.com/article/us-worldcup-brazil-hackers-idUSBREA1P1DE20140226. 67 “​#OpWorldCup: Anonymous wages cyber attacks against Brazil govt,” RT, June 12, 2014, https://www.rt.com/news/165444-anonymous-brazil-world-cup/. 68 Paul Cooper, “Anonymous Lives Up to Threats: FIFA World Cup Hacks Get Underway,” IT Pro Portal, June 13, 2014, http://www.itproportal.com/2014/06/13/anonymous-lives-up-to-threats-fifa-world-cup-hacks-get-underway/#ixzz41DPxOwdR. 69 Robert Lemos, “Cyber-Attacks Seen Defrauding Brazilian Payment System of Billions,” eWeek, July 6, 2014, http://www.eweek.com/security/cyber-attacks-seen-defrauding-brazilian-payment-system-of-billions.html. 70 Eli Marcus, “RSA Uncovers Boleto Fraud Ring in Brazil,” RSA, July 2, 2014, https://blogs.rsa.com/rsa-uncovers-boleto-fraud-ring-brazil/. 71 “Boleto Malware May Lose Brazil $3.75bn,” BBC, July 3, 2014, http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-28145401. 72 Emilio Iasiello, “Cyber Attack: A Dull Tool to Shape Foreign Policy” (paper presented at the 2013 5th International Conference on Cyber Conflict), 11, https://ccdcoe.org/cycon/2013/proceedings/d3r1s3_Iasiello.pdf. 73 David Goldman, “Major Banks Hit With Biggest Cyberattacks in History,” CNN, September 28, 2012, http://money.cnn.com/2012/09/27/technology/bank-cyberattacks/. 74 Barbara Slavin, “US Withholds Evidence for Iran Cyberattacks,” Al-Monitor, January 17, 2013, http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2013/01/cyber-attacks-us-iran-ddos.html. 75 Nicole Perlroth and Quentin Hardy, “Bank Hacking Was the Work of Iranians, Officials Say,” New York Times, January 8, 2013, http://www.nytimes.com/2013/01/09/technology/online-banking-attacks-were-work-of-iran-us-officials-say.html. 76 Nicole Perlroth and Quentin Hardy, “Bank Hacking Was the Work of Iranians, Officials Say,” January 8, 2013, http://www.nytimes.com/2013/01/09/technology/online-banking-attacks-were-work-of-iran-us-officials-say.html. 77 Slavin, “US Withholds Evidence,” Al-Monitor. 78 Mathew J. Schwartz, “Bank Attackers Restart Operation Ababil DDoS Disruptions,” Dark Reading, March 6, 2013, http://www.darkreading.com/attacks-and-breaches/bank-attackers-restart-operation-ababil-ddos-disruptions/d/d-id/1108955. 79 Pete Sweeney and John Ruwitch, “June 4 Crackdown Remembered in China Stock Index, or Chance?,” Reuters, June 4, 2012, http://www.reuters.com/article/us-china-stocks-tiananmen-idUSBRE8530F720120604. 80 Keith Bradsher, “Market’s Echo of Tiananmen Date Sets Off Censors,” New York Times, June 4, 2012, http://www.nytimes.com/2012/06/05/world/asia/anniversary-of-tiananmen-crackdown-echos-through-shanghai-market.html. 81 “Kaspersky Lab Discovers ‘Gauss’ – A New Complex Cyber-Threat Designed to Monitor Online Banking Accounts,” press release, Kaspersky Lab, August 9, 2012, http://usa.kaspersky.com/about-us/press-center/press-releases/2012/kaspersky-lab-discovers-gauss-new-complex-cyber-threat-desi. 82 Dan Goodin, “Puzzle Box: The Quest to Crack the World’s Most Mysterious Malware Warhead,” Ars Technica, March 14, 2013, http://arstechnica.com/security/2013/03/the-worlds-most-mysterious-potentially-destructive-malware-is-not-stuxnet/. 83 Kim Zetter, “Flame and Stuxnet Cousin Targets Lebanese Bank Customers, Carries Mysterious Payload,” Wired, August 9, 2012, http://www.wired.com/2012/08/gauss-espionage-tool/all/. 84 “Kaspersky Lab Discovers ‘Gauss,’” Kaspersky Lab. 85 Dan Goodin, “Puzzle Box,” Ars Technica; Kim Zetter, “Suite of Sophisticated Nation-State Attack Tools Found With Connection to Stuxnet,” Wired, February 16, 2015, http://www.wired.com/2015/02/kapersky-discovers-equation-group/. 86 Zarate, “Cyber Financial Wars,” Foundation for Defense of Democracies; Kim Zetter, “Flame and Stuxnet Cousin,” Wired. 87 Chico Harlan and Ellen Nakashima, “Suspected North Korean Cyber Attack on a Bank Raises Fears for S. Korea, Allies,” Washington Post, August 29, 2011, https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/suspected-north-korean-cyber-attack-on-a-bank-raises-fears-for-s-korea-allies/2011/08/07/gIQAvWwIoJ_story.html; “North Korea ‘Behind South Korean Bank Cyber Hack,’” BBC, May 3, 2011, http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-pacific-13263888. 88 “Prosecution Says N. Korea Behind Nonghyup's Network Breakdown,” Yonhap, May 3, 2011, http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/national/2011/05/03/23/0302000000AEN20110503007100315F.HTML?1a7c6120. 89 Michael Riley, “How Russian Hackers Stole the Nasdaq,” Bloomberg, July 21, 2014, http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/articles/2014-07-17/how-russian-hackers-stole-the-nasdaq. 90 John Markoff, “Before the Gunfire, Cyberattacks,” New York Times, August 12, 2008, http://www.nytimes.com/2008/08/13/technology/13cyber.html. 91 David J. Smith, “Russian Cyber Capabilities, Policy and Practice,” inFOCUS Quarterly 5, no. 1 (Winter 2014): http://www.jewishpolicycenter.org/4924/russian-cyber-capabilities?utm_content=bufferbb5cd&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer; Markoff, “Before the Gunfire, Cyberattacks,” New York Times. 92 Smith, “Russian Cyber Capabilities, Policy and Practice,” inFocus Quarterly. 93 Markoff, “Before the Gunfire, Cyberattacks,” New York Times. 94 Jason Richards, “Denial-of-Service: The Estonian Cyberwar and Its Implications for U.S. National Security,” International Affairs Review 18, no. 2 (2009): http://www.iar-gwu.org/node/65. 95 “Cyberwarfare 101: Case Study of a Textbook Attack,” Stratfor, April 18, 2008, https://www.stratfor.com/analysis/cyberwarfare-101-case-study-textbook-attack; Jason Richards, “Denial-of-Service,” International Affairs Review. 96 “Cyberwarfare 101,” Stratfor; Richards, “Denial-of-Service,” International Affairs Review. 97 “Cyberwarfare 101,” Stratfor; Richards, “Denial-of-Service,” International Affairs Review. 98 “Cyberwarfare 101,” Stratfor; Joshua Davis, “Hackers Take Down the Most Wired Country in Europe,” Wired, August 21, 2007, http://www.wired.com/2007/08/ff-estonia/. 99 “Cyberwarfare 101,” Stratfor; Davis, “Hackers Take Down,” Wired. End of document About the Cyber Policy Initiative Program The Carnegie Cyber Policy Initiative focuses on addressing international cyber policy challenges, as cyberspace is increasingly central to international security and diplomacy. Led by Tim Maurer, Ariel Levite, and George Perkovich, the Initiative develops and promotes norms and policy recommendations for enhancing international stability and security in cyberspace. Comments Post your comments 2500 character limit. No links or markup permitted. Comments are moderated and may not appear immediately. Screen names appear with your comment. Screen Name Follow the conversation—Sign up to receive email updates when comments are posted to this article.Email AddressCharacters Used 0Post CommentComment Policy Comment Policy Comments that include profanity, personal attacks, or other inappropriate material will be removed. Additionally, entries that are unsigned or contain "signatures" by someone other than the actual author will be removed. Finally, steps will be taken to block users who violate any of the posting standards, terms of use, privacy policies, or any other policies governing this site. You are fully responsible for the content that you post. Cyber More fromThe Global Think Tank Publications Events Brookings Negotiating Brexit: The Prospect of a UK-Turkey Partnership Christian Science Monitor What It’ll Take to Forge Peace in Cyberspace February 06, 2017 Cyber Norms Revisited: International Cybersecurity and the Way Forward February 06, 2017 网络规范再审视：国际网络安全与前景 January 12, 2017 Artificial Intelligence and U.S.-Japan Alliance Engagement @maurertim @maurertim Sign up for Carnegie Email Personal InformationE-mail * Submit Connect with us Privacy statement Help Desk Support The Global Think TankCarnegie Endowment for International Peace 1779 Massachusetts Avenue NW Washington, DC 20036-2103 Phone: 202 483 7600 Fax: 202 483 1840 Contact By Email © 2017 All Rights Reserved Please note... You are leaving the website for the Carnegie-Tsinghua Center for Global Policy and entering a website for another of Carnegie's global centers. 请注意... 你将离开清华—卡内基中心网站，进入卡内基其他全球中心的网站。
CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com CBS Moneywatch Markets Money Work Small Business Retirement Tech Trending Video Get Trending Videos CBSN Live » MoneyWatch Investors jittery about prospects for tax cuts, an... Newsmakers The Attack in Garland CBSN Originals - Custom Gender - The Space Between 60 Minutes - Business Fake News Newsmakers Chess Country Newsmakers Update to "Poisoned" CBS This Morning Pressure builds for Rep. Nunes CBS This Morning Trump environmental executive order CBS This Morning Ben Domenech on Nunes controversy CBS This Morning Manhunt for gunmen who shot cops CBS This Morning "Excessive" TSA pat down? CBS This Morning "Dangerous" guardrails on roads? CBS This Morning NFL's Raiders moving to Las Vegas CBS This Morning Charging Bull vs. Fearless Girl CBS This Morning Sen. McCain on Nunes controversy CBS This Morning Opting to stay awake during surgery CBS This Morning After-school programs threatened CBS This Morning Bruce Lee's philosophical punch Sunday Morning Discovering abstract expressionist John McLaughlin CBS Evening News Trump's health care defeat CBS Evening News House calls for homeless Health - Wednesday Police academy amputee MoneyWatch Investing Trump slump? Stocks slide on worries about setbacks MoneyWatch Investing Wall Street hits six-week low on doubts over Trump's agenda MoneyWatch Investing Disney shares down after big ESPN losses revealed MoneyWatch Investing Stocks bounce on hopes Fed will delay rate hike MoneyWatch Investing Earnings season shows some suprises MoneyWatch Investing An all-American recipe for a retirement disaster MoneyWatch Investing Researchers: Unemployment rate isn't accurate MoneyWatch Investing Doing business in a big city? It'll cost you CBS/Reuters March 27, 2017, 11:24 AM Wall Street hits six-week low on doubts over Trump's agenda Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Wall Street’s main indexes hit their lowest levels in six weeks on Monday after Republicans pulled a healthcare bill, raising questions about President Donald Trump’s ability to deliver on his ambitious economic agenda. With the decline, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is on track to record its longest losing streak in six years, according to The Wall Street Journal.  The bill, which was set to overhaul the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, was Mr. Trump’s first major legislative move. The failure is raising questions about the administration’s ability to push forward his pro-growth agenda, which includes tax reform and a boost in infrastructure spending, analysts said. The GOP bill was pulled on Friday when it was clear the GOP didn’t have enough votes to pass it. “The problem for markets is two-fold, with the inability to pass the health care reforms meaning any tax cuts will be diminished, while markets are now left wondering whether the president’s lack of support in Congress will make his tax cuts hard to pass in any form,” Joshua Mahony, market analyst at IG, told The Associated Press.  Bank stocks, which had outperformed in the post-election rally on bets of tax cuts and simpler regulations, took a beating on Monday. Bank of America was down 3.6 percent and JPMorgan 2 percent, with the two stocks being the biggest drag on the S&P 500. Goldman Sachs fell 3 percent, shaving 45 points off the Dow. The S&P 500 financial index was off 2.2 percent, far underperforming the other eight losers among the major S&P sectors. “The markets around the globe are falling as a rethinking of the ‘Trump Trade’ begins to focus on reality,” Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial in New York, wrote in a note. “While we don’t expect a full-blown correction to commence at this time, we do see rising negative sentiment replacing the ‘Hope Trade’.” The dollar, which had found favor on the possibility of tax cuts and higher infrastructure spending, hit its lowest since Nov. 11, while prices of safe-haven gold shot up to one-month highs. Utilities and real estate - the defensive plays of the S&P 500 - were the only ones in the black. Soon after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 169.57 points, or 0.82 percent, at 20,427.15, the S&P 500 was down 20.16 points, or 0.86 percent, at 2,323.82 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 54.35 points, or 0.93 percent, at 5,774.39. Investors will look forward to comments from Chicago Federal Reserve President Charles Evans and his Dallas counterpart, Robert Kaplan, for clues on the timing of the next interest rate hike. Fed Chair Janet Yellen is scheduled to speak at a conference on Tuesday in Washington. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 2,113 to 587. On the Nasdaq, 1,928 issues fell and 486 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed six 52-week highs and six lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 11 highs and 33 lows. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Moneywatch 20 of the coolest places to retire in the world Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world 10 products you should never buy generic Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions Popular Market Data Latest Features Wall Street rebounds after a lengthy losing streak Wells Fargo fails community lending test Charging Bull artist not happy about Fearless Girl GM in standoff with billionaire hedge fund investor The maker of WeChat grabs a stake in carmaker Tesla Market News Moneywatch Spotlight The 10 strangest home gadgets of 2017 10 homes you can buy for $500,000 5 cars that deliver the best value over 5 years 69348 Views 9 things to know about selling a home in spring 2017 2484 Views America's 11 highest paying careers in 2017 Stock Watchlist New Fire TV App Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions News provided by The Associated Press. Company fundamental data provided by Zacks. CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Business » International Business ﻿ Wall Street hits six-week low on Trump''s healthcare bill defeat Reuters | Last Updated: Monday, March 27, 2017 - 20:40 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi: Wall Street`s main indexes hit their lowest levels in six weeks on Monday after Republicans pulled a healthcare bill, raising questions about President Donald Trump`s ability to deliver on his ambitious economic agenda. The bill, which was set to overhaul the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, was Trump`s first major legislative move.  Bank stocks, which had outperformed in the post-election rally on bets of tax cuts and simpler regulations, took a beating on Monday.  Bank of America was down 3.6 percent and JPMorgan 2 percent, with the two stocks being the biggest drag on the S&P 500.  Goldman Sachs fell 3 percent, shaving 45 points off the Dow.  The S&P 500 financial index was off 2.2 percent, far underperforming the other eight losers among the major S&P sectors.  "The markets around the globe are falling as a rethinking of the `Trump Trade` begins to focus on reality," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial in New York, wrote in a note.  "While we don`t expect a full-blown correction to commence at this time, we do see rising negative sentiment replacing the `Hope Trade`." The dollar, which had found favor on the possibility of tax cuts and higher infrastructure spending, hit its lowest since Nov. 11, while prices of safe-haven gold shot up to one-month highs.  Utilities and real estate - the defensive plays of the S&P 500 - were the only ones in the black.  At 9:40 a.m. ET (1340 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 169.57 points, or 0.82 percent, at 20,427.15, the S&P 500 was down 20.16 points, or 0.86 percent, at 2,323.82 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 54.35 points, or 0.93 percent, at 5,774.39. Investors will look forward to comments from Chicago Federal Reserve President Charles Evans and his Dallas counterpart, Robert Kaplan, for clues on the timing of the next interest rate hike.  Fed Chair Janet Yellen is scheduled to speak at a conference on Tuesday in Washington.  Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 2,113 to 587. On the Nasdaq, 1,928 issues fell and 486 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed six 52-week highs and six lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 11 highs and 33 lows.  First Published: Monday, March 27, 2017 - 20:40 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus MOST READ TOP NEWS MOST VIEWED These rules will change from April 1 – Know how they will impact you The big online merger: Is Snapdeal going to merge with Flipkart? 'Trump admin may approve major export of natural gas to India' Nissan Terrano Facelift launched at starting price of Rs 9.99 lakh Now, Aadhaar card mandatory for getting driving licence – Know details Premium of Cars, Bikes and health insurance to be increased from April Govt to bring 1-page income tax return filing process from April 1 Govt imposed 10% custom duty on wheat Xiaomi CEO meets Modi, promises more jobs Now unreserved rail tickets on smartphones in 15 more stations India should not bar China in rail sector: Chinese daily Govt to borrow Rs 3.72 lakh crore in Apr-Sept Related News Jio customers to remain loyal even with paid services: Report TAGS Wall Street Republicans healthcare bill Donald Trump Obamacare Gallery World's Top 10 Oil Producing Countries Union Budget 2017 World Economic Forum Davos 2017 TOP VIDEOS Govt imposed 10% custom duty on wheat Premium of Cars, Bikes and health insurance to be increased from April EPFO may release its notification for housing scheme contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info Careers WHERE TO WATCH Partner Site: DAILY NEWS AND ANALYSIS news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Badminton Football Tennis Other Sports business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Wells Fargo rolls out card-free ATMs BI Intelligence Mar. 27, 2017, 10:41 AM 3,020 facebook linkedin twitter email print BI Intelligence See Also Here's why Wells Fargo needs to bolster its acquisition and engagement channels Wells Fargo app could grow engagements Wells Fargo doubles down on payments tech This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "Payments Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. Wells Fargo is rolling out a smartphone ATM withdrawal feature, which lets customers access the machines without their cards, according to Reuters. Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase were the first megabanks in the US to roll out the feature to some of their ATMs, but Wells Fargo will reportedly be the first major bank to bring the feature to its entire network, which includes 13,000 machines. Wells Fargo’s card-free approach also differs from its competition in key ways. Wells Fargo’s option is more complicated than other banks, but more secure than some.    The bank uses a lengthy two-step authentication process. Wells Fargo customers will need  to request a passcode within the mobile banking app, manually enter it at the ATM, then also enter their PIN. The process is lengthy, making it a poor option for customers who have their card on them. Chase, in contrast, allowed customers to more easily access cash with a pass code alone, but as security blog Krebs On Security detailed, this allowed criminals who stole the users’ online username and password to withdraw funds at the ATM. One customer lost $2,900 a single day. Card-free ATMs will become mainstream when they’re both easy and safe. In late 2015, the Wall Street Journal reported that Citibank was developing an ATM that could let users access the ATM by having it scan their iris. That would offer high security while requiring little effort on the part of users – it reportedly takes as little as ten seconds. No news has come of the pilot since, suggesting the technology may not be ready for the mainstream yet. But other banks have solutions on the market today with solid ease of use and security – for example, Bank of America customers with Android phones can simply hold their device to select ATMs to take out cash using Android Pay. The bank hopes digital features will lure in customers in the wake of its scandal. Banks have increasingly taken to advertising cutting-edge mobile features in order attract customers, a strategy which arguably began in earnest when Chase’s television ads first pushed its mobile deposit feature over six years ago. Wells Fargo in particular should be highly motivated to attract new customers. Following the bank's fake application scandal, credit card applications fell 55% in February, and new checking account applications dipped 43% over the prior year, according to CNN. Investing in cutting-edge mobile banking features may help the bank, but Wells Fargo, like the rest of the banking industry, should also focus on improving to digital account opening to drive up new customers as well. Nearly every global bank is experimenting with blockchain technology as they try to unleash the cost savings and operational efficiencies it promises to deliver.  Banks are exploring the technology in a number of ways, including through partnerships with fintechs, membership in global consortia, and via the building of their own in-house solutions.  Sarah Kocianski, senior research analyst for BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has compiled a detailed report on blockchain in banking that outlines why and in what ways banks are exploring blockchain technology, provides details on three major banks' blockchain efforts based on in-depth interviews, and highlights other notable blockchain-based experiments underway by global banks. It also discusses the likely trends that will emerge in the technology over the next several years, and the factors that will be critical to the success of banks implementing blockchain-based solutions. Here are some of the key takeaways from the report: Most banks are exploring the use of blockchain technology in order to streamline processes and cut costs. However, they are also looking to leverage additional advantages, including increased competitiveness with fintechs, and the ability to use the technology to create new business models.  Banks are starting to narrow their focus, and are increasingly honing in on tangible use cases for blockchain technology that solve real problems faced by their businesses.  Regulators are taking an increased interest in blockchain technology, and they're working alongside major banks to develop regulatory frameworks.  Blockchain-based solutions will start to emerge in different areas of financial services. The most successful solutions will solve specific problems for banks and attract a large enough network to create widespread benefits.   In full, the report: Outlines banks' experiments with blockchain technology.  Details blockchain projects at three major banks — UBS, Credit Suisse, and Banco Santander — based on in-depth interviews.  Discusses the likely trends that will emerge in the technology over the next several years. Highlights the factors that will be critical to the success of banks implementing blockchain-based solutions. Interested in getting the full report? Here are two ways to access it: Subscribe to an All-Access pass to BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report and over 100 other expertly researched reports. As an added bonus, you'll also gain access to all future reports and daily newsletters to ensure you stay ahead of the curve and benefit personally and professionally. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase & download the full report from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT Learn more: Credit Card Industry and Market Mobile Payment Technologies Mobile Payments Industry Mobile Payment Market, Trends and Adoption Credit Card Processing Industry List of Credit Card Processing Companies List of Credit Card Processing Networks List of Payment Gateway Providers M-Commerce: Mobile Shopping Trends E-Commerce Payment Technologies and Trends More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Payments Wells Fargo Cardless ATM Blockchain Blockchain in Banking facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Wells Fargo rolls out card-free ATMs Wells Fargo rolls out card-free ATMs This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Cayan March 27, 2017 09:59 ET Cayan Achieves Chase EMV Certification Cayan's latest EMV certification provides merchants with broader options for payment processing BOSTON, MA--(Marketwired - Mar 27, 2017) -  Cayan®, a payment technology company, today announced it has attained EMV® certification with Chase Merchant Services, the global payment processing and merchant acquiring business of JPMorgan Chase & Co. This latest certification allows merchants to now process both credit and debit chip card transactions through the Cayan Genius® Platform EMV gateway to Chase as well as Chase consumer credentials through their proprietary ChaseNet solution. "Our new EMV certification with Chase continues to allow us to give customers choice and flexibility and improves our capabilities to offer merchants the latest in payment processing capabilities," said Ken Paull, chief revenue officer at Cayan. "It is our goal to ensure our partners are prepared for the shifting payments landscape, and this certification is an important step in delivering on that mission." With the addition of Chase and their strong market presence, the certification serves a dual purpose. It enables Cayan's Genius Platform customers -- from retail, restaurant, ecommerce, to petroleum -- to choose Chase processing, and Chase's customers can now access the power of Cayan's Genius Platform. "We are relentlessly focused on making it easier and more secure for our clients to process payments and this certification helps provide even broader access and options for our customers," said Keith Olson, an executive director at Chase Merchant Services. In addition to EMV gateway capabilities, the Cayan Genius Platform delivers a fully-configurable, cloud-based payment solution that allows merchants to manage the entire customer experience across locations and between channels, all while keeping sensitive cardholder data off of the POS system. Genius allows merchants to accept all forms of payment, including mobile wallets, and with Genius' ChipIQ™ technology, EMV chip card transactions are processed in just 4 seconds. About Cayan Cayan® is the leading provider of payment technologies that give businesses a competitive advantage. Cayan is continuously developing new ways for businesses to unlock the power of payments with fully integrated, multi-channel customer engagement platforms including their Cayan® Unified Commerce Solution Suite™ and Genius® Platform. Headquartered in Boston, the company has multiple offices in the United States and Belfast, Northern Ireland. Cayan is one of the world's fastest growing payment companies. For more information, visit www.cayan.com. EMV is a registered trademark in the U.S. and other countries, and is an unregistered trademark in other countries, owned by EMVCo Contact Information Cathy Corwin for Cayan cathy@inkhouse.com 201-214-4242 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Cayan From this industry Computers and Software Retail From this sub-industry Security Software Appliances Consumer Electronics See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Manitowoc Company Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Manitowoc Company Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Lam Research’s (LRCX) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus Glencore PLC (GLEN) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Given Neutral Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Beazley PLC (BEZ) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jupiter Fund Management PLC (JUP) Given “Add” Rating at Peel Hunt Intec Pharma Ltd (NTEC) Rating Reiterated by Maxim Group Citigroup Inc Upgrades China Life Insurance Company Ltd. (LFC) to “Neutral” KeyCorp Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Kaman Co. (KAMN) Macquarie Lowers Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) to Neutral Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts eServGlobal Limited’s (ESG) “Corporate” Rating Reaffirmed at FinnCap Analysts Anticipate PriceSmart, Inc. (PSMT) to Announce $0.86 Earnings Per Share Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for ZTO Express (Cayman) (ZTO) CGI Group Inc (GIB.A) Given Outperform Rating at Scotiabank ArcelorMittal SA (MT) Upgraded at Cowen and Company Manitowoc Company’s (MTW) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed their hold rating on shares of Manitowoc Company Inc (NYSE:MTW) in a research note issued to investors on Friday. Royal Bank of Canada currently has a $5.50 price objective on the stock. Several other analysts have also issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered Manitowoc Company from a hold rating to a strong sell rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. OTR Global upgraded Manitowoc Company to a positive rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Jefferies Group LLC upped their price objective on Manitowoc Company from $7.00 to $7.25 and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Vetr upgraded Manitowoc Company from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $6.04 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Manitowoc Company from a neutral rating to an underweight rating and set a $5.00 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Friday, December 9th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $5.34. Manitowoc Company (NYSE:MTW) traded down 3.89% during trading on Friday, hitting $5.43. The company had a trading volume of 863,977 shares. Manitowoc Company has a one year low of $3.65 and a one year high of $7.57. The company’s market capitalization is $761.23 million. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $6.19 and a 200 day moving average of $5.50. Manitowoc Company (NYSE:MTW) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported ($0.23) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.16) by $0.07. The business earned $378.20 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $390.18 million. Manitowoc Company had a negative net margin of 23.70% and a negative return on equity of 9.94%. Manitowoc Company’s quarterly revenue was down 30.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.43 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Manitowoc Company will post ($0.26) EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Manitowoc Company’s (MTW) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/manitowoc-companys-mtw-hold-rating-reaffirmed-at-royal-bank-of-canada.html. In other news, SVP Thomas G. Musial sold 23,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $6.70, for a total value of $154,100.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 228,048 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,527,921.60. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CEO Barry Pennypacker bought 78,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 14th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $6.33 per share, for a total transaction of $493,740.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 86,420 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $547,038.60. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders sold 36,400 shares of company stock worth $238,468 in the last ninety days. 3.36% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Rutabaga Capital Management LLC MA increased its position in Manitowoc Company by 18.3% in the third quarter. Rutabaga Capital Management LLC MA now owns 3,738,204 shares of the company’s stock valued at $15,102,000 after buying an additional 578,533 shares during the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in Manitowoc Company during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,857,000. Natixis Asset Management increased its position in Manitowoc Company by 1.3% in the third quarter. Natixis Asset Management now owns 1,266,900 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,866,000 after buying an additional 16,400 shares during the last quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC increased its position in Manitowoc Company by 6.2% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 1,742,391 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,346,000 after buying an additional 102,185 shares during the last quarter. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in Manitowoc Company by 10.3% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 115,480 shares of the company’s stock valued at $553,000 after buying an additional 10,800 shares during the last quarter. 75.10% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Manitowoc Company The Manitowoc Company, Inc is a provider of engineered lifting equipment for the construction industry. The Company operates through the Crane business segment. It designs, manufactures and distributes a line of crawler-mounted lattice-boom cranes, which it sells under the Manitowoc brand name. It also designs and manufactures a line of top-slewing and self-erecting tower cranes, which it sells under the Potain brand name. Receive News & Ratings for Manitowoc Company Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Manitowoc Company Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sse Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sse Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vincent Roche Sells 47,400 Shares of Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Stock Kenneth Desgarennes Sells 38,885 Shares of Zayo Group Holdings Inc (ZAYO) Stock II-VI, Inc. (IIVI) Director Francis J. Kramer Sells 30,000 Shares Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Director Michael J. Bush Sells 7,426 Shares Semtech Co. (SMTC) Insider Charles B. Ammann Sells 14,286 Shares Energen Co. (EGN) Earns “Buy” Rating from Scotiabank BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for IDEX Co. (IEX) Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Scotiabank Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Tesoro Co. (TSO) Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Earns “Buy” Rating from Scotiabank Gulfport Energy Co. (GPOR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Aldeyra Therapeutics Inc (ALDX) Set to Announce Earnings on Tuesday Advantage Lithium Corp (AAL) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates LifePoint Health Inc (LPNT) Bonds Trading 1.9% Higher Bank of East Asia Ltd (BKEAY) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) WisdomTree Trust (DXJS) Announces $0.01 Quarterly Dividend Amber Road Inc (AMBR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Ameris Bancorp (ABCB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Sse Plc (SSE) Downgraded by HSBC Holdings plc to Hold March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet HSBC Holdings plc lowered shares of Sse Plc (LON:SSE) to a hold rating in a report published on Friday. They currently have GBX 1,620 ($20.01) price target on the stock, down from their prior price target of GBX 1,740 ($21.49). A number of other research firms have also weighed in on SSE. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a hold rating and issued a GBX 1,420 ($17.54) price objective on shares of Sse Plc in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Barclays PLC reissued an overweight rating and set a GBX 1,765 ($21.80) price target on shares of Sse Plc in a report on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a neutral rating on shares of Sse Plc in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued a neutral rating and set a GBX 1,550 ($19.14) price target on shares of Sse Plc in a report on Monday, February 6th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reissued an outperform rating and set a GBX 1,650 ($20.38) price target on shares of Sse Plc in a report on Monday, January 30th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. Sse Plc has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 1,579.73 ($19.51). Shares of Sse Plc (LON:SSE) traded up 0.13% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching GBX 1506.00. 2,082,726 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50 day moving average is GBX 1,520.73 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 1,525.62. Sse Plc has a 1-year low of GBX 1,369.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 1,644.00. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 15.18 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/sse-plc-sse-downgraded-by-hsbc-holdings-plc-to-hold.html. About Sse Plc SSE plc is engaged in producing, distributing and supplying electricity and gas, as well as other energy-related services to homes and businesses in Great Britain and Ireland. The Company’s segments include Networks, which consists of electricity distribution, electricity transmission and gas distribution; Retail, which consists of energy supply, enterprise and energy-related services, and Wholesale, which consists of energy portfolio management and electricity generation, gas storage and gas production. Receive News & Ratings for Sse Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sse Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Wall Street hits six-week low on Trump's healthcare bill defeat The S&P 500 cut earlier losses to end slightly lower, while the Dow declined for an eighth straight session, as investors assessed how the defeat of President Donald Trump's first major legislative action would impact the rest of his agenda. Bank stocks, which had outperformed in the post-election rally on bets of tax cuts and simpler regulations, took a beating on Monday. PHOTO: AFP PublishedMar 27, 2017, 10:53 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/48wu Copy WASHINGTON (REUTERS) - Wall Street main indexes hit their lowest levels in six weeks on Monday after Republican's pulled a healthcare bill, raising questions about President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on his ambitious economic agenda. The bill, which was set to overhaul the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, was Mr Trump's first major legislative move. Bank stocks, which had outperformed in the post-election rally on bets of tax cuts and simpler regulations, took a beating on Monday. Bank of America was down 3.6 per cent and JPMorgan 2 per cent, with the two stocks being the biggest drag on the S&P 500. Goldman Sachs fell 3 per cent, shaving 45 points off the Dow. The S&P 500 financial index was off 2.2 per cent, far underperforming the other eight losers among the major S&P sectors. "The markets around the globe are falling as a rethinking of the 'Trump Trade' begins to focus on reality," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial in New York, wrote in a note. "While we don't expect a full-blown correction to commence at this time, we do see rising negative sentiment replacing the'Hope Trade'." The US dollar, which had found favour on the possibility of tax cuts and higher infrastructure spending, hit its lowest since Nov. 11, while prices of safe-haven gold shot up to one-month highs. Utilities and real estate - the defensive plays of the S&P 500 - were the only ones in the black. At 9:40 a.m. ET (9:40 p.m Singapore time), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 169.57 points, or 0.82 per cent, at 20,427.15, the S&P 500 was down 20.16 points, or 0.86 per cent, at 2,323.82 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 54.35 points, or 0.93 per cent, at 5,774.39. Investors will look forward to comments from Chicago Federal Reserve President Charles Evans and his Dallas counterpart, Robert Kaplan, for clues on the timing of the next interest rate hike. Fed Chair Janet Yellen is scheduled to speak at a conference on Tuesday in Washington. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 2,113 to 587. On the Nasdaq, 1,928 issues fell and 486 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed six 52-week highs and six lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 11 highs and 33 lows. Topics:  US ECONOMY STOCK MARKET More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/48wu Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content ibe_a125682_2017mar20_300x200.jpg 5 tips for better eye health sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium st-web-special.jpg Fun with Mathematics. Train your brain with these problem-solving puzzles Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Snap Up A Good Deal @ Qsquare Today! Check Out Fashion Runway @ Qsquare Market Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance EnPro Industries Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for EnPro Industries Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Las Vegas Sands Corp.’s (LVS) Buy Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Given a $16.00 Price Target at Scotiabank RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Given a $51.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Given a $156.00 Price Target at Scotiabank ConocoPhillips (COP) Given a $53.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Given a $33.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Wolseley plc (WOS) Plans GBX 36.67 Dividend Card Factory PLC (CARD) to Issue GBX 6.30 Dividend Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) to Issue Dividend Increase – GBX 3.98 Per Share Scotiabank Reiterates $164.00 Price Target for Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Scotiabank Analysts Give Chevron Co. (CVX) a $114.00 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Rice Energy Inc (RICE) a $30.00 Price Target NewCastle Gold Ltd (NCA) Given a C$1.50 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 3,600 Shares ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Director Paul Emery Bourque Purchases 100,000 Shares Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research EnPro Industries, Inc. (NPO) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Wunderlich March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wunderlich began coverage on shares of EnPro Industries, Inc. (NYSE:NPO) in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. The firm issued a buy rating and a $85.00 target price on the stock. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded EnPro Industries from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $76.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. EnPro Industries (NYSE:NPO) traded down 1.188% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $62.815. The company had a trading volume of 16,035 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $65.65 and a 200 day moving average price of $61.99. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.33 billion. EnPro Industries has a 12 month low of $42.56 and a 12 month high of $69.50. EnPro Industries (NYSE:NPO) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, February 15th. The company reported $0.15 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.46 by $0.31. EnPro Industries had a negative net margin of 2.50% and a positive return on equity of 7.81%. The business earned $286.90 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $321.63 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.30 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts predict that EnPro Industries will post $2.50 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/enpro-industries-inc-npo-earns-buy-rating-from-analysts-at-wunderlich.html. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 1st were given a dividend of $0.22 per share. The ex-dividend date was Monday, February 27th. This is a boost from EnPro Industries’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.21. This represents a $0.88 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.38%. EnPro Industries’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is -60.00%. In other news, insider Stephen E. Macadam sold 20,000 shares of EnPro Industries stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $65.12, for a total transaction of $1,302,400.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 249,447 shares in the company, valued at approximately $16,243,988.64. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Stephen E. Macadam sold 10,000 shares of EnPro Industries stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $67.00, for a total value of $670,000.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 219,447 shares in the company, valued at $14,702,949. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 2.60% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of NPO. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of EnPro Industries by 2,414.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 49,888 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,835,000 after buying an additional 47,904 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of EnPro Industries by 15.3% in the third quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 237,899 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,517,000 after buying an additional 31,541 shares during the period. Comerica Bank boosted its position in shares of EnPro Industries by 28.5% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 110,937 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,508,000 after buying an additional 24,593 shares during the period. BlackRock Group LTD boosted its position in shares of EnPro Industries by 4.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 33,616 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,910,000 after buying an additional 1,581 shares during the period. Finally, Brown Advisory Inc. boosted its position in shares of EnPro Industries by 15.4% in the fourth quarter. Brown Advisory Inc. now owns 643,383 shares of the company’s stock valued at $43,338,000 after buying an additional 86,050 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 94.32% of the company’s stock. About EnPro Industries EnPro Industries, Inc is engaged in the designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing engineered industrial products. It operates through three segments. The Sealing Products segment includes three operating divisions: Garlock, which designs, manufactures and sells sealing products; Technetics, which designs, manufactures and sells metal seals and elastomeric seals, among others, and Stemco LP (Stemco), which designs, manufactures and sells heavy-duty truck wheel-end components and systems. Receive News & Ratings for EnPro Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for EnPro Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Education NewsSports News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Money Last Modified: Mon, Mar 27 2017. 08 04 PM IST US stocks hit six weeks low, dollar drops on Donald Trump’s healthcare bill defeat Dow Jones Industrial Average falls 0.82%, S&P 500 down 0.86%, Nasdaq Composite drops 0.93% Subscribe to our newsletter. Yashaswini Swamynathan Bank stocks, which had outperformed in the post-election rally on bets of tax cuts and simpler regulations, took a beating on Monday. Photo: Bloomberg Wall Street main indices hit their lowest levels in six weeks on Monday after Republican’s pulled a healthcare bill, raising questions about President Donald Trump’s ability to deliver on his ambitious economic agenda. The bill, which was set to overhaul the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, was Trump’s first major legislative move. Bank stocks, which had outperformed in the post-election rally on bets of tax cuts and simpler regulations, took a beating on Monday. Bank of America was down 3.6% and JPMorgan 2%, with the two stocks being the biggest drag on the S&P 500. Goldman Sachs fell 3%, shaving 45 points off the Dow. The S&P 500 financial index was off 2.2%, far underperforming the other eight losers among the major S&P sectors. “The markets around the globe are falling as a rethinking of the ‘Trump Trade’ begins to focus on reality,” Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial in New York, wrote in a note. “While we don’t expect a full-blown correction to commence at this time, we do see rising negative sentiment replacing the ‘Hope Trade’.” The dollar, which had found favour on the possibility of tax cuts and higher infrastructure spending, hit its lowest since 11 November, while prices of safe-haven gold shot up to one-month highs. Utilities and real estate—the defensive plays of the S&P 500 - were the only ones in the black. At 9:40 am ET (1340 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 169.57 points, or 0.82%, at 20,427.15, the S&P 500 was down 20.16 points, or 0.86%, at 2,323.82 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 54.35 points, or 0.93%, at 5,774.39. Investors will look forward to comments from Chicago Federal Reserve president Charles Evans and his Dallas counterpart, Robert Kaplan, for clues on the timing of the next interest rate hike. Fed chair Janet Yellen is scheduled to speak at a conference on Tuesday in Washington. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 2,113 to 587. On the Nasdaq, 1,928 issues fell and 486 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed six 52-week highs and six lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 11 highs and 33 lows. Reuters Yashaswini Swamynathan Topics: US stocks dollar Donald Trump healthcare bill S&P 500 More From Livemint READ MORE Limerick: On the HUL-Amul battle Why less is more Leading out for new growth First Published: Mon, Mar 27 2017. 08 02 PM IST Editor's Picks Airtel sells 10.3% stake in Bharti Infratel to KKR, Canada’s CPPIB, others Snapdeal’s woes show e-commerce isn’t doing enough Ola pilot project: Electric cabs across major cities in three months Latest News Limerick: On the HUL-Amul battle Why less is more Leading out for new growth The changing attitudes towards corporate social responsibility Congress to call for more time for discussing GST bills in Lok Sabha Mint On Sunday When songs from rural grind mills make it online Musings from the IISc Open Day: Bringing science to the masses How to get rich like Warren Buffett Secrets from the highest-grossing restaurant in New York Letter from... a biennale TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Kensho Stats Start Over| ‹ Monster beat in consumer confidence should boost the market You don't want to own JPMorgan during or after big Dow sell-offs, history shows Watch these stocks on Ford's profit warning These ETFs still win during a market sell-off The dollar is falling. Here's what to own now Here's the one stock to own now that Friday's jobs report blew past the street Stock investors better hope the oil price plunge stabilizes This stock is up more than 9,000% since the start of the bull market Record-breaking rally should continue in March, history shows Here's what usually happens the day after Dow surges by 300 points As Target plunges, these retailers could be next These energy stocks may be due for a comeback, if history is any guide Traders should wait to buy the dip on Nvidia, history shows Trading Mnuchin's America: These stocks may thrive under the Treasury secretary Here's what beats the market when inflation starts rising like it is now Yellen testimony may send US stocks to more records, history shows Traders shouldn't bet on a Twitter rebound anytime soon, history shows Here's what happens to stocks when the dollar falls Groundhog Day stocks: These shares do the same thing every year ... they rise Here's the one Dow stock to own if Friday's jobs report blows past the Street Here’s what usually happens after Apple beats the Street like this Gold surge on Trump uncertainty may keep going in February, history shows Here's how to trade Friday's big GDP report, based on history These 3 ETFs could be winners if the Trump rally hits a speed bump These stocks could lead the Dow to its next milestone in this Trump-led economy Hopeful investors typically bid up stocks during the first 100 days Here's what beats the market when inflation is rising like it is now Here's your investing playbook if the 'Trump trade' unwinds Here’s how stocks should react if Bill Gross is right about a bond bear market These ETFs could pop if the Trump rally continues to lose steam This ETF has a perfect 'Santa Claus rally' track record These stocks could take the Dow to 25,000 in the Trump economy This could keep the Dow below 20,000 Stocks often stumble after second rate hike, history shows Here's what did well after the Fed hiked at the same time last year Here's who wins if the 10-year Treasury yield goes to 3 percent next These stocks post big gains one week before a Fed hike Breaking the 3% GDP barrier, these stocks should work These stocks may rally on Fidel Castro's death Who wins when housing beats expectations Surging dollar could derail the Trump postelection rally Best Dow stocks to own in ideal Trump economy Ride the Trump reflation trade Pro-Clinton stocks: Statistics Facebook weakness could linger M&A boom not good for returns Trading the strong GDP report 3 winners from mega chip deal Don't buy the Apple dip Dollar's golden cross A play on Apple's earnings Trading media after mega deal Trading oil's $50-$60 range How to trade the rising dollar Trading the oil rally How to trade the jobs report How to trade Hurricane Matthew How to trade gold's plunge Trading surging oil prices Volatility set to surge 5 stocks for Nasdaq breakout Trading the Fed decision Trading Intel's good news How to profit from volatility Trading the iPhone event How to trade the GDP release Fed Jackson Hole trades Trading $50 oil Trading Wal-Mart's earnings beat Trading the Fed minutes Trading the summer doldrums Trading the retail comeback Trading Macy's earnings beat Traders bet on volatility Trading the Nasdaq record August market surprise ahead? How to trade the jobs report Oil’s troubles may continue Late-summer swoon stocks Playbook for sluggish growth Trading the BOJ stimulus FANG rally may not last Profit from oil's drop to $40 5 stocks for a Nasdaq record Overvalued safe stocks Don't rush to buy Netflix dip Post-bond rally buys Strong bank earnings stocks Earnings season rally? 10 trades for the jobs report Ten dovish Fed minutes trades Plunging yields & stocks: Study When markets wake up to reality Third-quarter ETF winners Third-quarter winners What fueled today's rally?    › Kensho Stats You don't want to own JPMorgan stock during or after big Dow sell-offs, history shows John Melloy | @johnmelloy Monday, 27 Mar 2017 | 9:59 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Timothy A. Clary | AFP | Getty Images When stocks have gone through a pullback during this bull market, JPMorgan is often the punching bag, history shows. Using hedge fund analytics tool Kensho, we looked back at what happened to Dow Jones industrial average members when it dropped 100, 200 or 300 points in a single day since March 2009 when the bull market began. Here are the two worst and best performers, on average, when the Dow dropped 100 to 200 points: John MelloyInvesting Editor of CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change DJIA --- JPM --- Kensho Stats Monster beat in consumer confidence should boost the market, retail stocks, history shows You don't want to own JPMorgan stock during or after big Dow sell-offs, history shows These stocks should take a hit because of Ford's profit warning These ETFs still win during a market sell-off The dollar is falling. Here's what to own now To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Las Vegas Sands Corp.’s (LVS) Buy Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Given a $16.00 Price Target at Scotiabank RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Given a $51.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Given a $156.00 Price Target at Scotiabank ConocoPhillips (COP) Given a $53.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Given a $33.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Wolseley plc (WOS) Plans GBX 36.67 Dividend Card Factory PLC (CARD) to Issue GBX 6.30 Dividend Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) to Issue Dividend Increase – GBX 3.98 Per Share Scotiabank Reiterates $164.00 Price Target for Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Scotiabank Analysts Give Chevron Co. (CVX) a $114.00 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Rice Energy Inc (RICE) a $30.00 Price Target NewCastle Gold Ltd (NCA) Given a C$1.50 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 3,600 Shares ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Director Paul Emery Bourque Purchases 100,000 Shares Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Patterson-UTI Energy’s (PTEN) Hold Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Scotiabank reaffirmed their hold rating on shares of Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:PTEN) in a research report released on Wednesday. They currently have a $30.00 price target on the stock. Other research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. Bank of America Corp raised Patterson-UTI Energy from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. Stephens reaffirmed an underweight rating on shares of Patterson-UTI Energy in a research note on Thursday, December 1st. Guggenheim downgraded Patterson-UTI Energy from a buy rating to a neutral rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Patterson-UTI Energy from an underweight rating to a neutral rating and upped their target price for the stock from $14.00 to $24.00 in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, Wunderlich set a $27.00 target price on Patterson-UTI Energy and gave the stock a hold rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $26.92. Patterson-UTI Energy (NASDAQ:PTEN) opened at 23.99 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $26.81 and its 200 day moving average is $25.05. Patterson-UTI Energy has a 1-year low of $16.06 and a 1-year high of $29.76. The stock’s market capitalization is $3.52 billion. Patterson-UTI Energy (NASDAQ:PTEN) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported ($0.53) EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.54) by $0.01. Patterson-UTI Energy had a negative return on equity of 13.25% and a negative net margin of 34.79%. The business had revenue of $247 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $228.83 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted ($0.40) EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 27.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts anticipate that Patterson-UTI Energy will post ($1.34) EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/patterson-uti-energys-pten-hold-rating-reiterated-at-scotiabank.html. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 22nd. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 8th were paid a $0.02 dividend. This represents a $0.08 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.33%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, March 6th. Patterson-UTI Energy’s payout ratio is presently -3.69%. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Aperio Group LLC boosted its position in shares of Patterson-UTI Energy by 6.4% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 94,695 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,118,000 after buying an additional 5,697 shares during the last quarter. Mutual of America Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Patterson-UTI Energy by 4.0% in the third quarter. Mutual of America Capital Management LLC now owns 113,416 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,537,000 after buying an additional 4,313 shares during the last quarter. Capital Fund Management S.A. bought a new position in shares of Patterson-UTI Energy during the third quarter valued at about $1,092,000. Nikko Asset Management Americas Inc. bought a new position in shares of Patterson-UTI Energy during the third quarter valued at about $430,000. Finally, UMB Bank N A MO bought a new position in shares of Patterson-UTI Energy during the third quarter valued at about $225,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 98.84% of the company’s stock. Patterson-UTI Energy Company Profile Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc is an oilfield services company. The Company owns and operates a fleet of land-based drilling rigs and a fleet of pressure pumping equipment in the United States. The Company’s segments include Contract Drilling, Pressure Pumping and Other operations. The Contract Drilling segment markets its contract drilling services to independent and other oil and natural gas operators. Receive News & Ratings for Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,708 +157.17 +0.76% Nasdaq 5,878 +37.18 +0.64% S&P 500 2,360 +17.98 +0.77% 3:38 P.M. ET Stock-picking fund managers double down on economic growth 3:30 P.M. ET Updated Dollar turns higher as consumer-confidence reading boosts stocks 3:29 P.M. ET Updated Qualifications: Fluent in English, excellent writing skills, ability to wallow in luxury 3:27 P.M. ET Updated As Senator McCaskill probes marketing of opioids, fatal overdoses spike among white, middle-aged men 3:21 P.M. ET Updated ‘Made in the USA’ was only No. 10 in this ranking of national labels 3:17 P.M. ET Updated Oil ends at 1-week high on Libya output disruptions 3:06 P.M. ET Updated Stock market gathers momentum; Dow on track to halt 8-session skid 3:03 P.M. ET Updated Fed’s Fischer forecasts two more interest rate hikes this year 3:02 P.M. ET Updated The Trump-inspired ‘reflation trade’ just suffered a major setback 3:02 P.M. ET Updated Daily Mail gets slammed for sexist front page, tells readers to ‘get a life’ 2:59 P.M. ET Updated Why investors aren’t more excited about Regeneron’s new $37,000-a-year drug 2:56 P.M. ET With low yields abroad, investors hunt for international dividend funds 2:50 P.M. ET Updated Oil prices end at highest level in about a week 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq climbs 44 points, or 0.8%, to 5,885 2:44 P.M. ET WTI oil prices settle at highest level in about a week 2:44 P.M. ET May WTI oil gains 64 cents, or 1.3%, to settle at $48.37/bbl 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking Dow up 174 points, or 0.9%, to 20,727 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking S&P 500 rises 20 points, or 0.9%, to 2,362 2:43 P.M. ET Breaking Stocks accelerate gains in afternoon trade 2:43 P.M. ET Chesapeake Energy's stock rallies on heavy volume after bullish note from Wunderlich analyst Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until New York Markets Close Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Press Release Cayan Achieves Chase EMV Certification By Published: Mar 27, 2017 10:00 a.m. ET Share BOSTON, MA, Mar 27, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- Cayan's latest EMV certification provides merchants with broader options for payment processing BOSTON, MA--(Marketwired - Mar 27, 2017) -  Cayan®, a payment technology company, today announced it has attained EMV® certification with Chase Merchant Services, the global payment processing and merchant acquiring business of JPMorgan Chase & Co. This latest certification allows merchants to now process both credit and debit chip card transactions through the Cayan Genius® Platform EMV gateway to Chase as well as Chase consumer credentials through their proprietary ChaseNet solution. "Our new EMV certification with Chase continues to allow us to give customers choice and flexibility and improves our capabilities to offer merchants the latest in payment processing capabilities," said Ken Paull, chief revenue officer at Cayan. "It is our goal to ensure our partners are prepared for the shifting payments landscape, and this certification is an important step in delivering on that mission." With the addition of Chase and their strong market presence, the certification serves a dual purpose. It enables Cayan's Genius Platform customers -- from retail, restaurant, ecommerce, to petroleum -- to choose Chase processing, and Chase's customers can now access the power of Cayan's Genius Platform. "We are relentlessly focused on making it easier and more secure for our clients to process payments and this certification helps provide even broader access and options for our customers," said Keith Olson, an executive director at Chase Merchant Services. In addition to EMV gateway capabilities, the Cayan Genius Platform delivers a fully-configurable, cloud-based payment solution that allows merchants to manage the entire customer experience across locations and between channels, all while keeping sensitive cardholder data off of the POS system. Genius allows merchants to accept all forms of payment, including mobile wallets, and with Genius' ChipIQ™ technology, EMV chip card transactions are processed in just 4 seconds. About Cayan Cayan® is the leading provider of payment technologies that give businesses a competitive advantage. Cayan is continuously developing new ways for businesses to unlock the power of payments with fully integrated, multi-channel customer engagement platforms including their Cayan® Unified Commerce Solution Suite™ and Genius® Platform. Headquartered in Boston, the company has multiple offices in the United States and Belfast, Northern Ireland. Cayan is one of the world's fastest growing payment companies. For more information, visit www.cayan.com. EMV is a registered trademark in the U.S. and other countries, and is an unregistered trademark in other countries, owned by EMVCo Cathy Corwin for Cayan cathy@inkhouse.com 201-214-4242 � 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Most Popular Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets The Nintendo Switch launch, in many charts The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco Stock market gathers momentum; Dow on track to halt 8-session skid How 4D mapping could change the way we live and work MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Modern technology for man’s best friends View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Moneyish This is when taking an Uber to work can actually save you money View More Financial News The grumpy Englishmen bringing transparency to global FX View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Cayan March 27, 2017 09:59 ET Cayan Achieves Chase EMV Certification Cayan's latest EMV certification provides merchants with broader options for payment processing BOSTON, MA--(Marketwired - Mar 27, 2017) -  Cayan®, a payment technology company, today announced it has attained EMV® certification with Chase Merchant Services, the global payment processing and merchant acquiring business of JPMorgan Chase & Co. This latest certification allows merchants to now process both credit and debit chip card transactions through the Cayan Genius® Platform EMV gateway to Chase as well as Chase consumer credentials through their proprietary ChaseNet solution. "Our new EMV certification with Chase continues to allow us to give customers choice and flexibility and improves our capabilities to offer merchants the latest in payment processing capabilities," said Ken Paull, chief revenue officer at Cayan. "It is our goal to ensure our partners are prepared for the shifting payments landscape, and this certification is an important step in delivering on that mission." With the addition of Chase and their strong market presence, the certification serves a dual purpose. It enables Cayan's Genius Platform customers -- from retail, restaurant, ecommerce, to petroleum -- to choose Chase processing, and Chase's customers can now access the power of Cayan's Genius Platform. "We are relentlessly focused on making it easier and more secure for our clients to process payments and this certification helps provide even broader access and options for our customers," said Keith Olson, an executive director at Chase Merchant Services. In addition to EMV gateway capabilities, the Cayan Genius Platform delivers a fully-configurable, cloud-based payment solution that allows merchants to manage the entire customer experience across locations and between channels, all while keeping sensitive cardholder data off of the POS system. Genius allows merchants to accept all forms of payment, including mobile wallets, and with Genius' ChipIQ™ technology, EMV chip card transactions are processed in just 4 seconds. About Cayan Cayan® is the leading provider of payment technologies that give businesses a competitive advantage. Cayan is continuously developing new ways for businesses to unlock the power of payments with fully integrated, multi-channel customer engagement platforms including their Cayan® Unified Commerce Solution Suite™ and Genius® Platform. Headquartered in Boston, the company has multiple offices in the United States and Belfast, Northern Ireland. Cayan is one of the world's fastest growing payment companies. For more information, visit www.cayan.com. EMV is a registered trademark in the U.S. and other countries, and is an unregistered trademark in other countries, owned by EMVCo Contact Information Cathy Corwin for Cayan cathy@inkhouse.com 201-214-4242 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Cayan From this industry Computers and Software Retail From this sub-industry Security Software Appliances Consumer Electronics See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance People's United Financial Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for People's United Financial Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Las Vegas Sands Corp.’s (LVS) Buy Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Given a $16.00 Price Target at Scotiabank RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Given a $51.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Given a $156.00 Price Target at Scotiabank ConocoPhillips (COP) Given a $53.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Given a $33.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Wolseley plc (WOS) Plans GBX 36.67 Dividend Card Factory PLC (CARD) to Issue GBX 6.30 Dividend Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) to Issue Dividend Increase – GBX 3.98 Per Share Scotiabank Reiterates $164.00 Price Target for Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Scotiabank Analysts Give Chevron Co. (CVX) a $114.00 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Rice Energy Inc (RICE) a $30.00 Price Target NewCastle Gold Ltd (NCA) Given a C$1.50 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 3,600 Shares ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Director Paul Emery Bourque Purchases 100,000 Shares Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet People's United Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBCT) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report issued on Monday. The brokerage presently has a $20.00 price objective on the stock. Zacks Investment Research’s target price indicates a potential upside of 10.86% from the stock’s current price. According to Zacks, “People’s United’s shares underperformed the Zacks categorized Finance-Savings and Loan industry over the last six months. The company continues to witness margin pressure and strict regulations. Though escalating expenses despite undertaking initiatives to curb costs remain a concern, the company is steadily growing through acquisitions, which is likely to continue in the near future, given its strong balance sheet position. Also, the company continues to benefit from sustained growth in loans and deposits along with improving credit quality.” PBCT has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Stephens assumed coverage on People's United Financial in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. They set an “equal weight” rating for the company. Sandler O’Neill upgraded People's United Financial from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and boosted their price objective for the stock from $17.00 to $19.50 in a report on Friday, March 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on People's United Financial in a report on Thursday, January 5th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $20.50 price objective for the company. Barclays PLC boosted their price objective on People's United Financial from $17.00 to $18.00 and gave the stock an “underweight” rating in a report on Friday, January 20th. Finally, FBR & Co upgraded People's United Financial from an “underperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and boosted their price objective for the stock from $15.00 to $20.00 in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the stock. People's United Financial has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $17.56. Shares of People's United Financial (NASDAQ:PBCT) opened at 17.51 on Monday. The firm has a market capitalization of $5.41 billion, a PE ratio of 19.07 and a beta of 0.83. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $18.89 and its 200-day moving average price is $17.97. People's United Financial has a 12-month low of $13.80 and a 12-month high of $20.13. People's United Financial (NASDAQ:PBCT) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 19th. The company reported $0.24 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.24. People's United Financial had a return on equity of 5.86% and a net margin of 19.12%. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.22 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that People's United Financial will post $0.96 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/peoples-united-financial-inc-pbct-lifted-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In related news, VP David K. Norton sold 149,965 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $19.24, for a total value of $2,885,326.60. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now directly owns 276,891 shares in the company, valued at $5,327,382.84. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, insider Galan G. Daukas sold 9,143 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.21, for a total value of $175,637.03. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 292,768 shares of company stock valued at $5,590,175. 2.90% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Several large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in shares of People's United Financial by 41.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 14,623,420 shares of the company’s stock valued at $231,343,000 after buying an additional 4,320,486 shares during the period. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of People's United Financial during the fourth quarter valued at about $49,250,000. Crawford Investment Counsel Inc. boosted its stake in shares of People's United Financial by 185.0% in the third quarter. Crawford Investment Counsel Inc. now owns 2,511,462 shares of the company’s stock valued at $39,731,000 after buying an additional 1,630,163 shares during the period. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company bought a new stake in shares of People's United Financial during the third quarter valued at about $11,205,000. Finally, Asset Management One Co. Ltd. boosted its stake in shares of People's United Financial by 2,187.9% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 528,738 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,237,000 after buying an additional 505,628 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 80.80% of the company’s stock. About People's United Financial People’s United Financial, Inc (People’s United) is the bank holding company for People’s United Bank, National Association (the Bank). The principal business of the Company is to provide, through the Bank and its subsidiaries, commercial banking, retail banking and wealth management services to individual, corporate and municipal customers. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on People's United Financial (PBCT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for People's United Financial Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for People's United Financial Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store BREAKING:  Stocks Near Day's Highs Ahead Of Close  |  Dave & Buster's, Ollie's To Report News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Sentiment Shifts On Snap; Apple, Micron Price Targets Hiked BRIAN DEAGON 3/27/2017 Reprints Loading the player... Analysts were upbeat on Snap (SNAP), Apple (AAPL), Starbucks (SBUX) and Micron (MU) Monday, while signaling more caution on Chipotle (CMG). Snap Multiple analysts initiated coverage on Snap with buy ratings after the Snapchat parent got a slew of bearish ratings in the weeks immediately following its IPO. Jefferies analyst Brian Fitzgerald gave Snap a buy rating and price target of 30, saying Snap "looks well positioned for growth as advertisers clamor to serve ads to its large audience of deeply-engaged users, many of whom are in the attractive millennial demographic and are located in high-value ad markets." He added, "We believe Snap has all the ingredients to build a robust advertising business." Goldman Sachs set a price target of 27, while Morgan Stanley's price target on Snap is 28. Snap stock jumped 4.8% to close at 23.83 on the stock market today. IBD'S TAKE: While Snap has now received several buy ratings and is said to have replaced Twitter as the No. 2 social networking platform among advertisers, it faces a formidable rival in Facebook and the low Accumulation/Distribution rating on Snap's stock indicates selling by institutional investors. Apple JPMorgan added Apple to its "Focus List" and raised its price target to 165 from 142, saying there is high pent-up replacement demand at the same time Apple is gearing up to launch its new iPhone. But shares edged up 0.2% to finish at 140.88. Special Report: IBD Best Mutual Fund Awards Starbucks Coverage was initiated on Starbucks with an outperform rating and a price target of 66 at Telsey Advisory Group, which cited the coffee giant's growth plans. China is the next big frontier for Starbucks as it plans to rapidly expand its store count there. But meanwhile in the U.S., McDonald's (MCD) is planning to offer $2 McCafe drinks and $1 sodas in April, as well as a mobile ordering platform later this year, as Starbucks may be showing signs of losing ground to rivals. Starbucks shares rose 0.7% to 57.23. Micron Deutsche Bank reiterated a buy rating on Micron Technology and raised its price target to 35 from 30, which analyst Sidney Ho based on favorable supply-demand and solid execution. Micron stock rallied 1.2% to 28.76. Chipotle Wedbush analyst Nick Setyan reiterated a neutral rating and a price target of 400 on Chipotle. He wrote that recent checks indicate continued momentum during the first quarter but with a limited view on profitability. "We believe current valuation appropriately reflects an improving top-line trajectory, offset by limited visibility into Chipotle's near-term margin trajectory," Setyan wrote. Chipotle stock ticked 0.2% higher to 414.96.   BRIAN DEAGON | Facebook | @IBD_BDeagon Share this: Related news Stocks Rally Higher Into Final Hour; Apple, Tesla, Financials Surge 3:02 PM ET The stock market pushed higher heading into the final hour of trading after upbeat consumer confidence numbers sparked the advance... 3:02 PM ET The stock market pushed higher heading into the final hour... Stocks Up, Dow Leads, Snap Sinks; 5 Solid Big-Cap Names For 2017 Facebook Plays Copycat, Makes Snap Stock Rebound Disappear Amazon, Red Hat, Tesaro Price Targets Raised; Snap Started At Hold Will Akamai's Investor Day Spark A Rally, Or Add Worries? Stocks Mixed As Dow Holds Narrow Gains; Will Apple Score A Record High? Here's Why Small-Cap Funds Dominate The 2017 Award Winners Medical Stocks Thrive Amid RyanCare Flop; Nasdaq Edges Up In Surprise Rebound Will Pent-Up iPhone Demand Supercharge Apple Stock? Today's Spotlight Get IBD Digital Get access to IBD’s premium investing content to help you make more profitable investing decisions. We Reached 500K on Facebook We hit 500K on Facebook and are giving away mega prizes like a $500 Amazon gift card! Learn more. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Sacramento (4/8) or Chicago (4/22) to learn about swing trading & growth stocks! More News Amazon expanded it's reach into the Middle East with the purchase of Souq.com. (Amazon) Amazon Makes Big Middle East Play With Souq.com Acquisition FANG Stocks News & Quotes: Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, Google See what adding futures can do for your trading strategy. Promoted Content By CME Group Special Report (IBD/Shutterstock photo illustration) Best Fund Awards See which mutual funds have beaten the S&P 500 and other benchmarks over the last 1, 3, 5 and 10 years. INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Photos Videos Topics Live SA 80/5 (39) - NZ 489/10 (162.1) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Money US STOCKS-Wall St hits six-week low on Trump's healthcare bill defeat Shares1 Mon, 27 Mar 2017-07:36pm , Reuters Wall Street main indexes hit their lowest levels in six weeks on Monday after Republican's pulled a healthcare bill, raising questions about President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on his ambitious economic agenda. The bill, which was set to overhaul the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, was Trump's first major legislative move. Bank stocks, which had outperformed in the post-election rally on bets of tax cuts and simpler regulations, took a beating on Monday. Bank of America was down 3.6 percent and JPMorgan 2 percent, with the two stocks being the biggest drag on the S&P 500. Goldman Sachs fell 3 percent, shaving 45 points off the Dow. The S&P 500 financial index was off 2.2 percent, far underperforming the other eight losers among the major S&P sectors. "The markets around the globe are falling as a rethinking of the 'Trump Trade' begins to focus on reality," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial in New York, wrote in a note. "While we don't expect a full-blown correction to commence at this time, we do see rising negative sentiment replacing the 'Hope Trade'." The dollar, which had found favor on the possibility of tax cuts and higher infrastructure spending, hit its lowest since Nov. 11, while prices of safe-haven gold shot up to one-month highs. Utilities and real estate - the defensive plays of the S&P 500 - were the only ones in the black. At 9:40 a.m. ET (1340 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 169.57 points, or 0.82 percent, at 20,427.15, the S&P 500 was down 20.16 points, or 0.86 percent, at 2,323.82 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 54.35 points, or 0.93 percent, at 5,774.39. Investors will look forward to comments from Chicago Federal Reserve President Charles Evans and his Dallas counterpart, Robert Kaplan, for clues on the timing of the next interest rate hike. Fed Chair Janet Yellen is scheduled to speak at a conference on Tuesday in Washington. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 2,113 to 587. On the Nasdaq, 1,928 issues fell and 486 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed six 52-week highs and six lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 11 highs and 33 lows. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money SBI spent Rs 775 crore in maintaining Jan Dhan account, says Government Money Sensex bounces 172 points on positive global cues Money Use of Bitcoin illegal, can attract anti-money laundering law, says govt Money Airtel sells 10.3% stake in Bharti Infratel to KKR, Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Money Japan's SoftBank to orchestrate Flipkart, Snapdeal merger? Money Sensex registers good beginning, recoupes over 127 pts Next Article > Kapil Sharma - Sunil Grover fight: Even Raju Shrivastava FAILS to broker peace between the two! Live Cricket Score Live SA 80/5 (39), 314/10 (89.2) SA trail by 95 runs NZ 489/10 (162.1) Full Scorecard | Commentary Next node Kapil Sharma - Sunil Grover fight: Even Raju Shrivastava FAILS to broker peace between the two! Related Asian shares near 15-month high, dollar soft on less hawkish US Fed Video Watch | Bhaago Grahak Bhaago: Customer gets assaulted for pointing out cockroaches in cafe! Watch: Fitness freak breaks leg in half while lifting weights Watch: 1400 dancers celebrate 'The Month of The Dance' in Spain View all Tags Charles Evans Donald Trump Bank of America Dallas Goldman Sachs New York Washington S&P Janet Yellen Affordable Care Act Chicago Federal Reserve Dow Jones Industrial Average NYSE Nasdaq Composite Peter Cardillo republican Robert Kaplan Wall Street SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News White House calls for domestic cuts to finance border wall Egypt's President to visit US next week: White House Baseball-Trump declines Nationals' invite to throw first pitch US official: Trump to meet China's Xi first week in April Germany opens new probe into suspected Turkish spying Sport WRAPUP 2-Soccer-Iran close in on World Cup, China teeter on the brink Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment History has it: Shah Rukh Khan has BEATEN Akshay Kumar THRICE during clashes before! FINALLY! Kiku Sharda BREAKS SILENCE on the Kapil Sharma-Sunil Grover fight! Crocodile tears? Forget remorse over Sunil Grover's exit, Kapil Sharma is already back to partying! Guess who'll be the star performer at IPL opening ceremony this year! Parineeti Chopra FORCES team Golmaal to watch #MaanaKeHumYaarNahin 10 times. Their reaction is PRICELESS! Money Ford announces USD 1.2 bn investment in US auto plants CAG report underlines time and cost overrun of Raj power plant US STOCKS-Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data Lok Sabha to take up GST Bill for discussion tomorrow Warendra Sinha takes charge as MD & CEO of IFFCO-Tokio GI Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St hits six-week low on Trump's healthcare bill defeat By Reuters Published: 10:03 EDT, 27 March 2017 | Updated: 10:58 EDT, 27 March 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan March 27 (Reuters) - Wall Street's main indexes hit their lowest levels in six weeks on Monday after Republicans pulled a healthcare bill, raising questions about President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on his ambitious economic agenda. The bill, which was set to overhaul the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, was Trump's first major legislative move. Bank stocks, which had outperformed in the post-election rally on bets of tax cuts and simpler regulations, took a beating on Monday. Bank of America was down 3.6 percent and JPMorgan 2 percent, with the two stocks being the biggest drag on the S&amp;P 500. Goldman Sachs fell 3 percent, shaving 45 points off the Dow. The S&amp;P 500 financial index was off 2.2 percent, far underperforming the other eight losers among the major S&amp;P sectors. "The markets around the globe are falling as a rethinking of the 'Trump Trade' begins to focus on reality," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial in New York, wrote in a note. "While we don't expect a full-blown correction to commence at this time, we do see rising negative sentiment replacing the 'Hope Trade'." The dollar, which had found favor on the possibility of tax cuts and higher infrastructure spending, hit its lowest since Nov. 11, while prices of safe-haven gold shot up to one-month highs. Utilities and real estate - the defensive plays of the S&amp;P 500 - were the only ones in the black. At 9:40 a.m. ET (1340 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 169.57 points, or 0.82 percent, at 20,427.15, the S&amp;P 500 was down 20.16 points, or 0.86 percent, at 2,323.82 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 54.35 points, or 0.93 percent, at 5,774.39. Investors will look forward to comments from Chicago Federal Reserve President Charles Evans and his Dallas counterpart, Robert Kaplan, for clues on the timing of the next interest rate hike. Fed Chair Janet Yellen is scheduled to speak at a conference on Tuesday in Washington. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 2,113 to 587. On the Nasdaq, 1,928 issues fell and 486 advanced. The S&amp;P 500 index showed six 52-week highs and six lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 11 highs and 33 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS She's a real work of art! Kate wows in a forest green lace dress by Temperley London for a glittering gala at the National Portrait Gallery 'Longest calf muscles known to man': Katie Price suffers ANOTHER holiday fail as she is accused of Photoshop faux pas amid backlash over Princess snap Heartbroken Katie Waissel claims estranged husband has been 'f**king their neighbour'... as she discusses split after just one year of marriage PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her baby bump as she steps out with boyfriend JP... after confirming she's having a girl 'Private beaches and bottoms': MIC's Frankie Gaff shows off her pert posterior as she poses for racy topless snap during cast trip to Mauritius Ellie Goulding cosies up to rumoured beau Caspar Jopling as they enjoy a romantic stroll in NYC... following her fling with the Beckhams' bodyguard Bobby Rich EXCLUSIVE 'We love the idea of a baby': Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey on starting a family, their latest love triangle and why cheeky Sam is a 'hypocrite'  Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal join Orlando Bloom during St Barts holiday as they celebrate the swimsuit model's 25th birthday 'I feel proud, it was such a gift': Daisy Lowe reflects on newfound body confidence... after admitting to be 'tequila positive' during Strictly Come Dancing tour 'I can't breathe': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry reveals plans to have nostrils WIDENED in corrective nose job as airwaves are being painfully restricted Billie Piper displays her ink-free forearm at City Of Tiny Lights screening after tattoo removal... and hides second tribute to ex Laurence Fox under ring 'They simply don't eat': Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and once threatened to QUIT a film after a co-star was told to lose weight)  A blooming lovely couple! Michelle Keegan stuns in a floral jumpsuit from her own collection as she joins husband Mark Wright for London stroll 'Hanging out like best buds': Kendall Jenner is a dream in green as she spends the day shopping with Paris Jackson at a flea market in LA What the Beck! Unrecognisable David Beckham sports gruesome rotting teeth and a HUGE scar on his face on the set of new King Arthur movie  'I would go to sleep crying': Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, talks playing Al Pacino's cocaine-addicted trophy wife in Scarface as she poses for Interview 'Something's cooking': Bar Refaeli announces she's pregnant as she shows off her baby bump... eight months after welcoming her daughter Liv PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Chloe Goodman flaunts her enviable curves in plunging bikini as she soaks up the Maldives sun with her sisters Lauryn and Amelia   Fashion darling Alexa Chung dazzles in show-stopping bardot polka dot gown as she leads the style at the 2017 Portrait Gala 'I've still got my wedding ring on': Rio Ferdinand admits 'there's no given time for moving on' from the death of his wife... amid Kate Wright rumours 'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in sizzling crop top as she walks hand-in-hand with new beau James Lock  'I greet him with a Versace towel and water in a Versace glass': Kim Kardashian reveals she pampers Kanye West after his concerts 'Eamonn was worried that people would think its him!' Ruth Langsford confesses she 'felt sick' when she realised she had shared a VERY explicit photo on Twitter Sun-kissed Millie Mackintosh heads to work while posing in her own designs for high fashion shoot...  after returning from FIFTH vacation of 2017 Giggling Myleene Klass nails the city girl look as she wows in chic trench with shirt dress while heading to work   Nailed city girl style  She Did It Again! Shakira dazzles in lace and leather for children's charity launch in Barcelona... after winning an award for her philanthropic efforts Morning perk! Braless Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes her chest in sheer black top as she exits coffee shop in LA The Step Up star wore a casual outfit  'RIP beautiful princess': Tributes pour in for Zayn Malik's cousin Arshiya after she dies aged five following battle with brain tumour Terrible tragedy There's the money shot! Malin Akerman and onscreen husband Damian Lewis strip off for raunchy sex scene during their hit drama Billions  Claire Sweeney puts on a casual display in workout wear as she enjoys a sunny day at the park with her adorable son Jaxon, 2 Playful day out Another day, another bikini! Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt stuns in green two-piece on Miami vacation It's not secret when she hits the beach 'You're changing lives': 'Amazing' Jeff Brazier is praised by fans for offering advice on coping with grief... days after anniversary of Jade Goody's death 'Tidy your room!' Chloe Ferry proudly shows off her immaculate bedroom before fans spot the VERY messy reality in Instagram video Just in time for Easter: Reese Witherspoon cuddles up to a bunny as she models new dress from her Draper James clothing line The body that cost £1.5m: Surgery addict Alicia Douvall leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets in skimpy lingerie Back to business! Bethenny Frankel slips into flattering LBD after posing up a storm in a bikini on Mexican getaway Sported a fitted dress  'I would never play a person of a different race!': Scarlett Johansson answers critics who say her role in Ghost In The Shell is a 'whitewash' Is the Fresh Prince going back to Bel-Air? Internet goes into meltdown as cast of 90s show reunites... raising fans' hopes of a new series Quick change! The spotlight falls on Mary Berry's daughter after a continuity blunder on the cook's show (amid claims she'll take over her mother's empire) Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison downs drinks at Dubai pool party... after saying she 'couldn't be happier' about rekindling romance with beau John Noble  All made up... for takeout! Chrissy Teigen looks chic in straw hat, striped blouse and torn jeans to pick up food at hot spot Madeo in West Hollywood Rooney Mara appears topless as a grieving widow in new trailer for A Ghost Story with Casey Affleck Spooky drama 'It will be weird': Charlotte Crosby is yet to speak with Vicky Pattison about her romance with her Ex On The Beach fling Stephen Bear Daddy's little Idol! Eric Cowell is the spitting image of father Simon as he joins glam mum Lauren Silverman for a spot of fine dining in Malibu Secret admirer? Cara Delevingne holds a red rose as she parties the night away with supermodel pals Kendall Jenner and Lily Donaldson 'It could happen': Nick Jonas sounds hopeful about co-starring with pal Jennifer Lopez in the NBC live musical revival of Bye Bye Birdie . 'I will forever hate myself for it': Lisa Riley expresses regret for not listening to her mother's advice on romance... leading to a string of disastrous relationships 'I wanted to physically harm myself': WWE star Paige reveals pain she suffered after sex tape leaked... as fiance announces their wedding date Mariah Carey relaxes in a robe on her 47th birthday while enjoying luxury beach trip with toyboy Bryan Tanaka 'Live your vile selfish life: Stephanie Davis SLAMS Jeremy McConnell in impassioned rant... hours after declaring her love for him  Off-duty beauty: Make-up free Kate Moss keeps it casual in a khaki jacket and skinny jeans as she leaves a shoot in London Can do low-key glamour Kate Hudson steps out in suede ankle boots and pinstripe trousers...after packing on the PDA with Danny Fujikawa 'We all float down here': Teaser trailer and poster for Stephen King's IT heads down to the sewer with evil clown Pennywise Creepy reboot Bikini babe! Cara Santana flashes hint of cleavage and rock hard abs as she flaunts her bod in sexy Instagram snap Red hot 'It was like meeting someone at a bus stop': Lorraine Pascale admits her birth parents were like 'two strangers' when she met them for the first time John Legend looks typically cool in a statement leather jacket as he arrives for radio interview in Paris SPOILER ALERT: Shaken Ste struggles to piece together what he's done as he wakes up in the shower after Amy is MURDERED on Hollyoaks Val Kilmer claps back at critics who called him 'creepy' and 'obsessive' for revealing his longtime crush on Cate Blanchett Pillow talk! Demi Lovato and Jimmy Fallon make out with cushions as they play teenage besties in hilarious new Ew! segment  Those Night Changes! Liam Payne, 23, jokes about being on nappy duty after welcoming son... as Cheryl, 33, 'plans to conquer mummy market' 'I want you to be better': New trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming shows Peter Parker being mentored by Tony Stark as they take on Vulture Gemma Collins highlights her curves in a form-fitting jumpsuit as she steps out in Essex with Danielle Armstrong's athletic beau Daniel Spiller My how you've grown! Nicole Kidman's young daughters Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret are the spitting image of their famous mother as they land in Sydney Luisa Zissman displays fab post-baby body in a bust-baring lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys sunny getaway... seven months after birth of daughter Indigo 'Namaste': Lindsay Lohan shows off her cleavage in a plunging black swimsuit as she embraces her inner zen in Thailand At peace with her self-ies 'They are now safe': Ed Sheeran HAS saved the lives of abused Liberian street boys after incredible act of kindness on Comic Relief 'It's the end of March!' EastEnders fans take to Twitter in confusion as SNOW falls on Albert Square while the UK enjoys balmy spring sunshine Her body is still Bootylicious! Kelly Rowland shows off her STUNNING physique in one-piece during day at the beach with son Titan, two  'I've been speaking to them': Marnie Simpson reveals she has been messaging Niall Horan AND James Arthur... following her messy split from cheat Lewis 'Are you impressed with my terrarium?': Holly Willoughby is left speechless at Phillip Schofield's VERY rude gardening innuendo... as she flashes her bra 'I miss LA': Karrueche Tran longs for home as she shares makeup-free selfie in New Orleans... after showing off her fit physique during workout session Out and a pout: Rumer Willis flashes big smile with plumped up lips while promoting new Empire role  Plenty to smile about  Pamela Anderson offers to take Prime Minister of Ireland out for a pint of Guinness if he supports banning the use of wild animals in circuses Charlotte Dawson puts on a busty display in a scarlet co-ord as she enjoys a night out in Barcelona with her glamorous mother Tracy Darlene Cates, star of What's Eating Gilbert Grape, dies aged 69  Best known for her role as Gilbert's mother in the 1993 hit 'She was denying and crying': Kim Kardashian was with Paris Hilton when sex tape leaked.. but soon 'calmed down' when talk turned to MONEY Kendall Jenner cruises around the sunny streets of LA in her eye-catching purple convertible Cadillac Didn't opt for a subtle ride Rihanna strips off as Bates Motel FINALLY reveals its iconic Psycho shower scene... after singer confessed she can't bear to watch her raunchy moments 'Has she come from a club?': Busty Michelle Mone shocks GMB viewers as she cuts a VERY glamorous figure in a plunging black maxi dress What's the buzz Rusty? Russell Crowe channels Romper Stomper character with new crew cut as he works on his fitness with a park kick about Flirty at the fairground: Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann kisses boyfriend Michael Kopech while posing for playful shoot 'I think everything I do is terrible': Lorde shows off her quirky style in plunging ensemble... as she reveals her self deprecating side in honest interview Feeling Torn? Natalie Imbruglia holds hands with mystery man and NOT beau Ryan Bienefelt... as he posts about his 'little peanut' Where's her boyfriend? Mel B shimmers in plunging metallic jumpsuit she makes her first public appearance since filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte at AGT launch 'I want to keep the day really traditional:' Lauren Goodger wants TWO ceremonies and a racy wedding dance as she confesses she can't wait to wed jailbird beau She's a real team player! Queen Letizia of Spain is presented with a basketball shirt emblazoned with her name as she meets young athletes in Madrid Camera shy Demi Moore keeps it casual as she heads home with daughter Scout after a family dinner date Headed out for low key meal with her kids Blue and green SHOULD be seen! Queen Mathilde and Crown Princess Mary are pretty in pastels as the Belgian royals touch down in Denmark Step aside, mum and dad! Jude Law and Sadie Frost's model daughter Iris, 16, stuns in her second make-up campaign for Burberry Essentials Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, looks in good spirits during grocery shop run... as she moves on from nude photo leak drama Cheat day! Elsa Hosk stuffs her face with McDonald's French fries after stunning during Victoria's Secret lingerie shoot in Miami Make-up free Liv Tyler cuts a chic figure in specs and skintight leggings as she enjoys a shopping spree in London Billie Faiers finally introduces newborn son Arthur in stunning family shoot... as she reveals fiancé Greg Shepherd almost MISSED the labour 'Is that a prosthetic?': Big Little Lies fans react on Twitter after Alexander Skarsgard appears to go full-frontal Scene on Sunday left fans all aflutter  Just admiring the view! Kristin Cavallari posts nude photo of husband Jay Cutler gazing out at the Caribbean water while on romantic trip to Mexico Legs eleven! Katie Holmes shows off her dancer legs as she models a denim miniskirt under her oversized coat in chilly New York City SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Bethany Platt discovers her boyfriend Nathan shared a secret smooch with Mel... but will she finally dump the evil manipulator? Shameless star Emmy Rossum's 'house robbed of $150k worth of jewelry after she left combinations written down near home safes' 'I dream of genie vibes': Khloe shows off her svelte figure and trim waist in a plunging white jumpsuit... after revealing she used to be 'shamed' for her curves 'It's just half a bottle of red wine!': GBBO 2016 star Selasi Gbormittah upsets Piers Morgan as they clash over his signature bolognese recipe There's NOTHING everyday about Mary Berry! Show sees her cook with lobster, cruise in her vintage car, milk a goat- and host 1,000 guests in her garden Hotting up! Lily James shows off flat stomach as she peels off turtle neck jumper while enjoying stroll in sunshine with boyfriend Matt Smith She's got that magic hour glow! Margot Robbie enjoys wedded bliss on a tropical beach with a chilled flute of champagne in hand at sunset 'I fell in love': Alec Baldwin recalls moment he asked if Tina Fey was single... and reveals he almost passed on SNL Trump gig Justin Bieber faces being ARRESTED in Brazil four years after allegedly spray painting graffiti on wall of £23m hotel Happened in 2013 'I felt my body had completely failed me': Giovanna Fletcher on how she's in a much better place after revealing her secret miscarriage Starry eyed! Queen Maxima opts for a heavily-embellished coat for another day of engagements with her glamorous guest, Argentina's First Lady Here comes the bridesmaid! Rachel Bilson shows off her perky cleavage in dramatic blush-coloured gown at friend's wedding Doing her duties  Made In Chelsea's Ryan was threatened by James the gentle giant - size-wise that is - and the cast voted for Binky to have a baby girl, as if it was Brexit Romeo Beckham, 14, shares a sweet moment with little sister Harper, five, as he gushes about their close relationship in family Instagram snaps  Kendall Jenner stuns in belted silk jacket (and not much else) as she poses with Lily Donaldson at Valerian teaser screening Always stands out PICTURED: Coronation Street's beloved Ken Barlow is hospitalised after plunging down a flight of stairs... but who pushed him? The end for Ken? First look at the new Lara Croft: Alicia Vikander takes over from Angelina Jolie in Tomb Raider remake as new photos and plot details emerge  TOWIE's Jon Clark ridicules fellow diners by referring to them as 'swingers' in humiliating Instagram Not exactly the Mr. Nice Guy image Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner enjoy smitten poppy field date... as it's revealed she isn't looking after her late mother Carrie Fisher's beloved bulldog Gary  Grizzled Casey Affleck is joined by screen daughter Anna Pniowsky as they shoot scenes for new drama Light Of My Life on Vancouver Island Heaven sent! Victoria's Secret Angel Jasmine Tookes stuns in a backless off-shoulder top and flares as she enjoys dinner date The return of killer Joe Miller, the wrath of Cath Atwood and Ed Burnett, plus THREE different rape suspects...The menace increased in Broadchurch Beware a clown with a red balloon! New creepy images from Stephen King's IT released and Pennywise is more sinister than ever Not clowning around Louis Tomlinson looks in high spirits while posing for selfies with fans in Miami...as he is set to appear in court over airport brawl at LAX Busy mommy! Blake Lively looks chic in newsboy cap as she rushes into cab... after Ryan Reynolds reveals he 'doesn't mind' her kissing other actors Eminem's daughter Hailie Scott, 21, stuns in latest Instagram photos... as it's revealed she's a normal college student 'It was fate': Ray Quinn reveals he has found love once again with school teacher Emily Fletcher insisting his four-year-old son Harry remains his 'priority' 'So thrilled'! Made In Chelsea parents-to-be Binky Felstead and JP finally confirm they are expecting a GIRL Delightedly announced news on Monday 'People think I'm gay': David Walliams admits 'life would be simpler' if he wasn't attracted to women... and doesn't know why people rule out same-sex romances Out of this world! Cara Delevingne shows off her long legs in futuristic outfit at screening for her sci-fi movie Valerian A very fashionable future  A sheer winner! Tyra Banks wears see-through lace pantsuit as she gears up for her new role as host of America's Got Talent New girl in town Double trouble! Heidi Klum shows off her long legs in purple mini as Mel B glitters in low-cut jumpsuit at America's Got Talent event Glam girls 'Deeply fake news but quite cute': Lorde reveals she was NOT at New Zealand dance party as impersonator fools partygoers Spitting image Happy Birthday Mommy! Fergie celebrates turning 42 with sung greetings from husband Josh Duhamel and their son Axl Bella Thorne tells fans she 'hates' being single before sharing saucy Snapchats from a night out with friends Known for being a serial dater 'I'll love him always': Stephanie Davis acknowledges ex Jeremy McConnell's arrest for first time... hours after he blocks her on Twitter Mommy and me! Charlize Theron shares a playful moment with her daughter August... returning home after a whirlwind week in Asia Just the two of us 'Never let go': Sofia Richie, 18, gets SEVENTH tattoo with a personal motto inked on her wrist Inking of going for a full collection? Start and end! Katie Maloney and Tom Schwartz wed as Scheana Marie plans for divorce on Vanderpump Rules Highs and lows 'It really means a lot': New dad Liam Payne, 23, returns to Twitter on behalf of girlfriend Cheryl, 33, to thank everyone for their 'love and support' Jessica Chastain strikes a sultry pose in cleavage-baring Alexander McQueen dress at the premiere of The Zookeeper's Wife Eye-popping display 'It's still very up in the air': Marnie Simpson affirms she did NOT cheat on ex Lewis Bloor... but she still 'cares' for him despite his womanising ways 'He's just the best guy': Ryan Gosling raves about co-star Harrison Ford while promoting Blade Runner sequel at CinemaCon  Seeing Angels! Victoria's Secret models Taylor Hill and Romee Strijd have lunch together in Hollywood They are the model lunch partners Gordon Ramsay's Nightly Show debut goes off air for THREE minutes... as ITV suffers technical glitch Another blow for the struggling show 'This isn't the last you've seen of me': Maksim Chmerkovskiy vows to return to DWTS alongside Heather Morris after calf injury keeps him on sidelines 'He's doing a f**king good job!' Gordon Ramsay's foul-mouthed Nightly Show debut divides viewers... as incorrect spelling of his name trends on Twitter Mark Francis helps Binky dress for pregnancy, Sam gets a drink chucked over him and Baby Felstead's gender is revealed on MIC  Noel Gallagher's 17-year-old daughter Anais recalls getting her first PONY aged seven and outlines hopes of Oscars win by 27 in candid interview There she blows! Kyra Sedgwick has a Marilyn Monroe moment as a gust of wind lifts up her skirt during outing with husband Kevin Bacon Wind beneath her skirt You have GOAT to be kid-ding me! Mary Berry, 82, is almost taken out by a farm animal as she tries to milk it on new baking series Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shows off his huge biceps in leather jacket as he promotes Jumanji reboot Bursting out of his leather jacket 'What's life without a sausage roll?' Vicky McClure refuses to move away from Greggs for Hollywood... as she gushes about life up North with Jonny Owen Home sweet home! Ronan Keating's wife Storm shows off her baby bump in a tight dress as she welcomes her happy husband at Sydney airport 'I had a $28,000 hotel bill': Cher claims the REAL reason she finally agreed to appear on David Letterman's show was for the paycheck Price of forgiveness Still going (Arm)strong! TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou packs on PDA in united display with beau James Lock... amid bitter feud with his taken ex Danielle Drake abruptly cancels Amsterdam concert on doctor's orders after falling 'sick'... as fans vent frustration on Twitter Blow to fans 'It looks dope': Prince Jackson shows off massive armour inspired tattoo on his chest after months of work Tattoo mad like his sister SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Martin Fowler left fuming as he tries to attack Preston after Michelle's sordid sex scandal is finally exposed Devon Windsor shows off her killer legs in tiny Daisy Dukes for photo shoot in Miami Showed exactly why she's a Victoria's Secret model Klass act! Myleene enjoys romantic night out with beau Simon Motson in dazzling one-shoulder gown as they lead the style at the English National Opera Making them green with envy! Julianne Hough dazzles on the red carpet in plunging emerald gown for Dancing With The Stars What a gem! 'It's not curable': Coleen Nolan breaks down as she reveals her 'incredible' elder sister Linda is battling cancer  Revealed latest family tragedy on TV Lucky Leo! DiCaprio's supermodel girlfriend Nina Agdal sends temperatures soaring as she slips into an array of steamy swimsuits A dog's life! Selma Blair takes her pooch Ducky for a day of pampering at the salon in Los Angeles The 44-year-old enjoyed a pamper session EXCLUSIVE - Beyonce's dad is sued for $50k after 'refusing to pay a legal bill and hiding profits he made auctioning off Destiny's Child memorabilia' Nigella Lawson's daughter Cosima Diamond, 23, is the spitting image of her famous mum, 57, as they enjoy a girls' night out at the theatre Greased Lightning strikes twice! John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John set to return as Sandy and Danny to mark 40 year anniversary of original SPOILER ALERT: Ste has blood on his hands as Amy is found DEAD on Hollyoaks... after threatening to take his children away to America Nancy Dell'Olio, 55, flaunts her toned figure in unique figure-hugging flared jumpsuit at Opera Gala She showed her sensational frame  'I saw the pain in my eyes': Dynasty star Linda Evans shocked by online leak of 'disturbing' 2014 DUI arrest footage Didn't recognise herself Lily Allen wryly smiles as she channels nineties chic in vintage woolly jumper following romantic night out with beau MC Meridian Dan in London She likes a man in the kitchen! Scarlett Johansson reveals her two celebrity crushes are Gordon Ramsay and Anthony Bourdain Leggy Lorde looks sophisticated in a kooky pinstripe dress as she delights fans in London with radio appearance She's a style Royal Meg Ryan bundles up as she has a girls' day out in NYC with daughter Daisy The 55-year-old actress kept off the chill on mother/daughter day Cor(rie) blimey! Busty Michelle Keegan flaunts her washboard abs and toned physique in a tiny coral crop top The former soap star looked abs-fab Has George Michael been buried under cover of darkness? Photo posted by boyfriend Fadi Fawaz sparks flurry of internet speculation 'Don your best bikini and slay': Sam Thompson slips into the same MINUSCULE bikini as his sister Louise as he once again mocks her holiday snaps  Jailbird Apollo Nida 'on the hunt for millions' after judge nullifies divorce from Real Housewives' Phaedra Parks Rocky road to divorce  Showing support! Laura Prepon accentuates baby bump in stripes at Netflix event with fiance Ben Foster Orange Is The New Baby Hello from the after-party! Adele lets loose on the dance floor in slip-on shoes and no makeup after revealing she may NEVER tour again   'She's a child': Katie Price comes under fire after sharing photo of daughter Princess, nine, posing in a bikini during idyllic Maldives holiday as fans defend her 'Wish I was that horse!' Actress Elsa Pataky posts hilarious snap of husband Chris Hemsworth cuddling up to a horse Horsing around Shabby Chanel chic for Kiera: Actress pairs jacket with Dr Martens on visit to east London cafe with her husband  Low-key look  Together again! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin arrive in style at chat show to promote new season of Netflix series Promoting second series of Grace and Frankie Katie Holmes looks stylish as she steps out in New York's Soho district dressed in a button-up coat and cat-eye glasses Will and graceful lady! Drew Barrymore's ex husband Kopelman dines out with mystery woman in LA He is footloose and fancy free once more Beautiful in blue! Debra Messing, 48, wows in body hugging navy gown to receive honors at New York gala Flaunted her delicate decolletage Jennifer Garner looks in good spirits on coffee run after VERY friendly church visit with ex Ben Affleck  Happy families  'I was in a lot of pain after those really violent scenes': Nicole Kidman reveals being hit by Alexander Skarsgard during Big Little Lies took a toll 'He was devastated': Nicole Kidman says husband Keith Urban was shocked at her bruises after sex scenes with Alexander Skarsgard His life is one big musical! Pharrell Williams' story will be transformed into song for the big screen  Happy singer will tell his tale  Glee vet Matthew Morrison 'will guest star on season 13 of Grey's Anatomy' as Dr Paul Stadler Famed for starring as lovable teacher Will Schuester Clem Curtis, the original lead singer of The Foundations, has died age 76 following a battle with cancer Grieving family announced on Monday Kim Kardashian dons tiny cropped top which showcases her rock hard abs in seductive Instagram snap SPOILER ALERT: Katie Cassidy returns to Arrow...as a different character than the one she started out playing Flex appeal! A muscular Justin Theroux shows off his ripped arms in edgy punk shirt leaving the gym Lucky Jennifer! 'My hero, my mentor': Shannen Doherty pays touching tribute to her late father to commemorate his birthday Passed away in 2009 Something's brewing! Samuel L. Jackson and Oscar Isaac team up as they film dramatic scene for Life Itself in New York 'I can confirm it's over': Simon Bird breaks Inbetweeners fans' hearts as he insists the series is finished forever  Fuller House star Jodie Sweetin's ex-fiance Justin Hodak 'arrested for violating restraining order against her' Restraining order requiring him to stay away from star Monday optional! Lea Michele beats of the start-of-the-week blues as she runs errands make-up free The 30-year-old actress wore a sleeveless tank  'I'm not commenting on it at all': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans refuses to address new co-star Briana DeJesus after 2014 Twitter row Getting close in Cancun! Supergirl star Melissa Benoist shows off her slender frame as she vacations with co-star Chris Wood 'Stop and frisky': Erika Jayne plays naughty motorist with Gleb Savchenko as officer on Dancing With The Stars A very arresting dance routine The look of love! Christine Lampard stares adoringly at husband Frank as they enjoy a sunny breakfast in Chelsea Still head over heels Coquettish, me? No, it was just down to clever editing, claims Nigella: TV cook says she did not understand the double entendres that helped make her name  Salmon by the sea: Love Island star Katie struggles to contain her curves in a skimpy snakeskin bikini as she hits the beach in Dubai On a girls' break 'In the bedroom she'll say, 'you can't do that to me, you're my big brother!'' Kyle and Jackie O are shocked as a listener reveals he had a baby with his SISTER  Danniella Westbrook emerges in Spain after revealing secret miscarriage and plans for rehab in Twitter outburst MIC's Tiffany Watson flaunts her enviably gym-honed figure in vibrant bikini as she joins Frankie Gaff for cheeky Instagram video in Mauritius Billie Lourd chooses NOT to attend public memorial for mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds as she had dinner with her father instead  I like the way you Rock'It Man: James Corden favours off-duty Elton John's favourite tracksuit and kooky specs look at Late Late Show filming Chip off the old block! Mike Comrie plays indoor hockey with son Luca as Hilary Duff films family fun for Snapchat Daring Dakota! Ms Johnson wears a Flaming Lips T-shirt with image of topless woman during solo shopping spree in West Hollywood Love in the air? Katy Perry, 32, and Ryan Phillippe, 42, 'totally flirting' at Elton John's 70th birthday bash Jerry Hall, 60, shows off her gorgeous figure in slinky lace gown as she cosies up to husband Rupert Murdoch, 86, at English National Opera gala 'She never spoiled herself': Angelina Jolie, 41, makes rare comments about her mother who died 10 years ago from cancer as she plugs Guerlain Jamie Oliver will visit Australia in May to launch new menu at his Jamie's Italian restaurants - after his company bought back the eateries She Khan't help herself! Curvy Chloe threatens to bust out of racy harness bra as she poses in negligee for the Geordie Shore boys' new brand Calls for Sir Patrick Stewart to appear on SNL as Kellyanne as old pictures of him in drag resurface looking UNCANNILY like Trump's counselor Conway  Wet hair, don't care! Nicole Kidman arrives at mother Janelle's house with Keith Urban sporting damp tresses... before leaving with her signature curls in a chic updo 'Hey guys, get out of my shot': Shirtless Chris Hemsworth steals the limelight as he photobombs his friend's romantic poolside snap The Rich Kids of Instagram are back in envy-inducing snaps of their early exotic holidays as they flaunt their figures in skimpy swimsuits Ruth Langsford suffers epic social media fail as she accidentally shares a VERY explicit photo alongside sweet Mother's Day tribute to her mum and sister 'The show will go ahead without him': Jeremy McConnell 'AXED from Ex On The Beach'... after arrest for allegedly assaulting ex Stephanie Davis Field of dreams for sale! Kevin Costner lists his sprawling Montecito property for $60million Fit to bust! Casey Batchelor threatens to spill out of tiny bikini top in eye-popping selfie... after saying her boobs have 'grown back' following breast reduction She's got chemistry! Make-up free Lily Collins proves she has effortless beauty down to a science during trip to gym 'Glad last week's over': Jeff Brazier says having Mother's Day and the anniversary of their mum Jade Goody's death is 'cruel blow' for his sons 'My skin is looking so good right now': Ashley James shows off new platinum locks as she goes make-up free in 'self-indulgent' post shower selfie Kendall Jenner flashes her nipples in extremely sheer bra as she puts on a daring display for Marilyn Monroe inspired shoot with Love Magazine Jemma Lucy bares all as she turns a hospital visit into a VERY racy shoot... after launching another foul-mouthed tirade at nemesis Charlotte Crosby Former TOWIE star Elliott Wright's fiancée Sadie Stuart puts on busty display in plunging lilac bikini as the couple enjoy getaway in Tenerife 'He likes what I like: cars, women, jewelry': Kylie Jenner's boyfriend Tyga on raising his 'spoiled' son King Cairo, four Vanessa Hudgens flaunts her impressive abs bin barely-there workout gear while leaving a gym in LA Envy-inducing middle  'Don't judge a book by its cover': Lindsay Lohan cloaks her head in white cloth in new Instagram after 'finding solace' while studying the Koran 'Saltwater hair': Kristin Cavallari bares her cleavage in string bikini during trip to Mexico after moving out of Illinois with husband Jay Cutler 'No big deal!': Kaley Cuoco enjoys beer in plunging top with boyfriend Karl Cook on day trip to Florida for Winter Equestrian Festival Gwyneth Paltrow proves her unusual health routines get results as she shows off natural beauty in Barcelona Kate Moss channels Parisian chic as she cuts a stylish figure in all black while catching up with best friend James Brown in London They won't get a ratings boost from Yeezy! Kanye West is 'NOT in talks to join Ryan Seacrest's revamped American Idol' It's a girl! Supernatural's Jared Padalecki and wife Genevieve Cortese welcome daughter Odette Elliott SPOILER ALERT: What about Ash? Pia Miller stuns in a summery frock as she films 'morning after' scenes for Home and Away with hunky tattooed co-star Jake Ryan Sarah Paulson may play Princess Diana on the next season of Feud which will focus on the royal's tempestuous relationship with Prince Charles Jeremy Kyle receives just £4 from more than 200 passers-by as he BEGS on the street while disguised as a homeless person for an 'extremely humbling' TV experiment 'There's an ache in my heart that never goes away': TOWIE's Carol Wright emotionally marks second Mother's Day without her mother Nanny Pat 'We're still friends': Darius Campbell confirms he and wife Natasha Henstridge are getting divorced despite briefly rekindling romance last year 'You had me at Merlot!': Eva Longoria wears funny statement top as she enjoys kisses from husband José Antonio Bastón Singer Sia wears giant pink bow and one of her quirky wigs to teach kids about the letter S alongside Grover on Sesame Street Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Dcc Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dcc Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Las Vegas Sands Corp.’s (LVS) Buy Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Given a $16.00 Price Target at Scotiabank RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Given a $51.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Given a $156.00 Price Target at Scotiabank ConocoPhillips (COP) Given a $53.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Given a $33.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Wolseley plc (WOS) Plans GBX 36.67 Dividend Card Factory PLC (CARD) to Issue GBX 6.30 Dividend Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) to Issue Dividend Increase – GBX 3.98 Per Share Scotiabank Reiterates $164.00 Price Target for Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Scotiabank Analysts Give Chevron Co. (CVX) a $114.00 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Rice Energy Inc (RICE) a $30.00 Price Target NewCastle Gold Ltd (NCA) Given a C$1.50 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 3,600 Shares ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Director Paul Emery Bourque Purchases 100,000 Shares Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Dcc Plc (DCC) PT Raised to GBX 8,200 at Goldman Sachs Group Inc March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Dcc Plc (LON:DCC) had its target price increased by equities research analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc from GBX 7,400 ($91.39) to GBX 8,200 ($101.27) in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. The firm presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc’s target price indicates a potential upside of 16.73% from the stock’s current price. Other equities analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. BNP Paribas restated a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 6,700 ($82.75) target price on shares of Dcc Plc in a report on Monday, March 20th. Peel Hunt boosted their target price on shares of Dcc Plc from GBX 6,575 ($81.20) to GBX 7,247 ($89.50) and gave the company an “add” rating in a report on Monday, February 13th. Goodbody restated a “hold” rating on shares of Dcc Plc in a report on Monday, December 19th. Canaccord Genuity boosted their target price on shares of Dcc Plc from GBX 7,800 ($96.33) to GBX 8,000 ($98.80) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their target price on shares of Dcc Plc from GBX 7,843 ($96.86) to GBX 8,160 ($100.78) and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of GBX 7,763.70 ($95.88). Dcc Plc (LON:DCC) opened at 7020.00 on Monday. Dcc Plc has a 1-year low of GBX 5,780.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 8,029.92. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 6.23 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 6,875.27 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 6,523.55. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Dcc Plc (DCC) PT Raised to GBX 8,200 at Goldman Sachs Group Inc” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/dcc-plc-dcc-pt-raised-to-gbx-8200-at-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. In other Dcc Plc news, insider Emma FitzGerald bought 148 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 6,798 ($83.96) per share, with a total value of £10,061.04 ($12,425.64). Receive News & Ratings for Dcc Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dcc Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Emirates Global Said to Pick Banks for $3 Billion Share Sale by Ruth David @RuthsDavid More stories by Ruth David and Dinesh Nair @DNair5 More stories by Dinesh Nair March 27, 2017, 7:55 AM EDT March 27, 2017, 11:45 AM EDT UAE aluminum producer hires BofA, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan EGA could list overseas in addition to local stock exchange Emirates Global Aluminium, the largest aluminum producer in the Middle East, has selected advisers for an initial public offering that could raise about $3 billion, according to people familiar with the matter. The United Arab Emirates-based company is working with Bank of America Corp., Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. on the share sale, said the people, who asked not to be named as the details aren’t public. Aside from a local listing, EGA could also seek a presence on an overseas stock exchange like London, though no final decisions have been made, the people said. EGA, which is jointly owned by Abu Dhabi’s sovereign fund Mubadala Investment Co. and the Investment Corp. of Dubai, is planning to sell shares at a time when commodity prices have rebounded, attracting investors to the sector once again. If the aluminum producer raises $3 billion, it would be one of the largest-ever listings from the UAE, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, surpassing the 2014 stock sale by Emaar Malls PJSC. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up The UAE agreed to merge its two flagship state aluminum firms in 2013 to create EGA, with an enterprise value of about $15 billion. IPOs in the region may be headed for a revival as countries, including the UAE, work to make themselves less dependent on oil. Saudi Arabia, the largest Gulf Arab economy, is also taking steps to overhaul its economy, including plans for what could be the biggest IPO with the listing of Saudi Arabian Oil Co. EGA said profit last year rose about 10 percent to 2.1 billion dirhams ($572 million) on record production. Output jumped 4.2 percent to a record 2.5 million metric tons, making the UAE the fourth-biggest aluminum producer, the company said. Spokesmen for EGA and the banks declined to comment. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tesla Model 3 Ramp Up Aims to Crush BMW and Mercedes These Charts Show Alarm Bells Ringing on the Trump Trade U.S. Travel Industry Fears a ‘Lost Decade’ Under Trump Lockheed’s $29 Billion Copter Poised to Win Pentagon’s Approval Risk Rout Eases as U.S. Stocks, Dollar Trim Losses: Markets Wrap Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Snap nears $24 debut after flurry of analysts, including Goldman, initiate coverage Berkeley Lovelace Jr. | @BerkeleyJr 21 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer on SNAP: This is the quarter where you'll be surprised to the upside    Monday, 27 Mar 2017 | 9:16 AM ET | 03:13 Snap shares soared Monday, hovering around the $24 level it began trading at earlier this month, after several Wall Street analysts initiated coverage on the stock, including a "buy" rating from Goldman Sachs. The parent company behind the popular disappearing messaging app Snapchat closed the day up nearly 5 percent. The stock is up 19.6 percent over the past week, according to FactSet. Goldman said Monday that while Snap carries a higher risk profile, the firm believes it also comes with higher reward potential. "With Snap's large, valuable, and highly engaged user base generating ad inventory and the monetization path in mobile now well worn, we believe the potential for outperformance as the company continues to innovate against the growing mobile opportunity outweighs those early stage risks," Goldman analyst Heath Terry said in a note to investors, giving the company a price target of $27. On Monday, several other analysts including JPMorgan, Stifel, and Bank of America initiated coverage on the stock. Snap: 6 'buy', 6 'sells', 4 'holds' Goldman Sachs - (Buy) JPMorgan - Neutral Morgan Stanley - Overweight Oppenheimer - Perform Stifel - (Hold) BofA - Neutral Credit Suisse - Outperform Deutsche Bank - (Buy) RBC Capital Markets - Outperform Cowen - Outperform Jefferies - (Buy) Citi - (Buy) UBS - Neutral JMP - Market Outperform Monness Crespi Hardt - (Buy) Needham - Underperform (Sell) Atlantic Equities - Underweight (Sell) Morningstar - (Sell) Aegis - (Hold) Susquehanna - (Hold) Nomura Instinet - Reduce (Sell) Pivotal Research - (Sell) CFRA Research - (Hold) FBN Securities - Sector Perform Cantor - Underweight MoffettNathanson - (Sell) Mizuho - Neutral Drexel Hamilton - (Buy) PiperJaffray - Neutral The latest ratings came after Snap had a rough start on Wall Street shortly after its March 2 debut, with analysts flagging the company's slowing user growth, widening losses, and lack of voting rights for outside investors. Last week, Snap stock moved higher after it snagged its first two "buy" ratings. Snap CEO Evan Spiegel told the Los Angeles Times earlier this month that investors had been asking if Snapchat is the "next Facebook." Spiegel told the Los Angeles Times that Snap could become just as valuable as Facebook, though with fewer users than Facebook's massive 1.9 billion user base. Snap 1-week chart Source: FactSet. —CNBC's Michael Bloom and Anita Balakrishnan, and Reuters contributed to this report. Berkeley Lovelace Jr.News Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change SNAP --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
  Markets Pre-Market Market Movers Dow Jones Live Currencies Live Commodities Live Rates Your Portfolio Stocks Stocks Finder Market Movers Index Constituents Dividends Indices Market Movers Index Constituents Dow Jones Live S&P 500 Live NASDAQ Live Commodities News Commodities Live Gold Oil Copper Currencies News Currencies Live Currency Converter EUR/USD GBP/USD Bitcoin US Dollar Index Mutual Funds News Mutual Funds Finder Mutual Funds Issuers ETFs News ETF Finder ETF Issuers Bonds News Bonds Finder Rates News SIGN IN BUSINESS INSIDER       PORTFOLIO SEARCH Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News CANCEL DOW 30 172.28 20,723.26     (0.84%) 03:40:07 PM EDT S&P 500 18.73 2,360.32     (0.80%) 03:45:09 PM EDT NASDAQ 100 40.10 5,414.38     (0.75%) 03:40:07 PM EDT ESTOXX 50 27.93 3,465.07     (0.81%) 11:50:00 AM EDT DOW 30 172.28 20,723.26     (0.84%) 03:40:07 PM EDT S&P 500 18.73 2,360.32     (0.80%) 03:45:09 PM EDT NASDAQ 100 40.10 5,414.38     (0.75%) 03:40:07 PM EDT ESTOXX 50 27.93 3,465.07     (0.81%) 11:50:00 AM EDT Snapchat just got a deluge of bullish ratings from Wall Street, and its shares are rallying (SNAP) Akin Oyedele Mar. 27, 2017, 08:46 AM Steve Jennings/Getty Snap Inc. received a deluge of bullish ratings from several Wall Street banks on Monday, sending the company's shares higher in premarket trading. The banks that initiated coverage included underwriters of the Snapchat parent's initial public offering that had been subject to a 25-day quiet period. Here's a rundown of the ratings: Goldman Sachs: Buy, $27 price target Morgan Stanley: Overweight, $28 price target Citi: Buy, $27 price target RBC: Outperform, $31 price target Jefferies: Buy, $30 price target Oppenheimer: Market perform Credit Suisse: Outperform, $30 price target UBS: Neutral, $24 price target Stifel: Hold, $24 price target Cowen: Outperform, $26 price target Snap now has 12 "buy" ratings, 11 "holds," and six "sells," according to Bloomberg. The stock gained as much as 3% premarket to $23.50, 50 cents short of its IPO opening price. Morgan Stanley, Goldman, and JPMorgan were the underwriters that received the highest number of shares. "We believe Snap has all the ingredients to build a robust advertising business," Jefferies' Brian Fitzgerald said in a note. "Snap has a large audience (158 million daily active users), deep engagement, and robust data about its users. Due to the asset-light strategy (Snap outsources its infrastructure costs to Google and Amazon), Snap should scale its business without significant capex investment. We forecast the company will achieve GAAP profitability by 2019." The buzz around Snap's IPO - the largest in tech since 2014 - quickly faded after some of the earliest Wall Street ratings were neutral or bearish. Analysts cast doubt on Snap's ability to compete as an advertising platform with other social networks like Facebook and to become profitable. There was also concern about the fact that Snap does not offer voting rights to shareholders, giving them no say in issues like executive compensation. "Snap has become an innovation leader - for both consumers and advertisers - in arguably the single fastest advertising medium today - mobile," Mark Mahaney, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets, wrote in a note. "It has also emerged as one of the leading media platforms for millennials. We believe that if it sustains its current level of innovation, it can sustain premium growth for a long time and scale to profitability." SHARE THIS POST News for Snap Snapchat sinks as Facebook launches a clone (SNAP) Business Insider 6h InvestorsObserver releases covered-call reports for Facebook, Morgan Stanley, Charles Schwab, Snap Inc. and Teck Resources Ltd PR Newswire 6h Facebook's Snapchat clone is arriving for everyone in its main blue app (FB, SNAP) Business Insider 15h Snapchat just got a deluge of bullish ratings from Wall Street, and its shares are rallying (SNAP) Business Insider 1d 10 things you need to know today (SPY, SPX, QQQ, DIA, SNAP) Business Insider 1d 10 things you need to know before the opening bell (SPY, SPX, QQQ, DIA, SNAP) Business Insider 1d Snapchat is more like Twitter than Facebook in one important area (SNAP, TWTR, FB) Business Insider 4d Snap Moves Higher After Drexel Hamilton Initiates At Buy RTTNews 6d Click here for more news your MARKET VIEW Your Personalized Market Center Related Stocks Snap 22.28 -1.55 (-6.50%) 03:55:01 PM Disclaimer Get real-time Snap charts here >> Find News GO Home / Stocks / Snap-Quote / News for Snap Snap / Snapchat just got a deluge of bullish ratings from Wall Street, and its shares are rallying (SNAP) Follow us Need help? Contact us! Visit our network Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. and finanzen.net GmbH (Imprint). All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service amd Privacy Policy Disclaimer | Commerce Policy | Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK | DE | AUS | ID | IN | MY | SG | PL | SE
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MEDNAX Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Las Vegas Sands Corp.’s (LVS) Buy Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Given a $16.00 Price Target at Scotiabank RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Given a $51.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Given a $156.00 Price Target at Scotiabank ConocoPhillips (COP) Given a $53.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Given a $33.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Wolseley plc (WOS) Plans GBX 36.67 Dividend Card Factory PLC (CARD) to Issue GBX 6.30 Dividend Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) to Issue Dividend Increase – GBX 3.98 Per Share Scotiabank Reiterates $164.00 Price Target for Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Scotiabank Analysts Give Chevron Co. (CVX) a $114.00 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Rice Energy Inc (RICE) a $30.00 Price Target NewCastle Gold Ltd (NCA) Given a C$1.50 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 3,600 Shares ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Director Paul Emery Bourque Purchases 100,000 Shares Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research MEDNAX Inc (MD) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Robert W. Baird March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Robert W. Baird downgraded shares of MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD) from an outperform rating to a neutral rating in a research note published on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has $72.00 target price on the stock. Other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded MEDNAX from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a hold rating and issued a $63.00 target price on shares of MEDNAX in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a neutral rating and issued a $69.00 target price on shares of MEDNAX in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc assumed coverage on MEDNAX in a research note on Friday, December 9th. They issued a neutral rating and a $66.00 target price on the stock. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and seven have issued a hold rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $69.00. Shares of MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) opened at 69.27 on Tuesday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $69.62 and a 200-day moving average of $66.96. The firm has a market capitalization of $6.43 billion, a PE ratio of 19.85 and a beta of 0.67. MEDNAX has a 52 week low of $59.36 and a 52 week high of $76.96. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.06 by $0.06. The company earned $831 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $842.15 million. MEDNAX had a net margin of 10.21% and a return on equity of 13.59%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 12.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $1.13 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that MEDNAX will post $4.25 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/mednax-inc-md-rating-lowered-to-neutral-at-robert-w-baird.html. In related news, insider John C. Pepia sold 2,500 shares of MEDNAX stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.58, for a total transaction of $173,950.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 31,025 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,158,719.50. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Director Md Pascal J. Goldschmidt sold 25,294 shares of MEDNAX stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $67.82, for a total value of $1,715,439.08. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 14,173 shares in the company, valued at $961,212.86. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 96,296 shares of company stock worth $6,668,891. Company insiders own 2.40% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in MD. Victory Capital Management Inc. raised its position in MEDNAX by 17,600.5% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,443,301 shares of the company’s stock worth $95,619,000 after buying an additional 1,435,147 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new position in MEDNAX during the fourth quarter worth about $56,794,000. Flinton Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in MEDNAX during the fourth quarter worth about $56,031,000. Tyers Asset Management LLC purchased a new position in MEDNAX during the fourth quarter worth about $46,143,000. Finally, Consonance Capital Management LP purchased a new position in MEDNAX during the third quarter worth about $43,725,000. 99.16% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About MEDNAX MEDNAX, Inc is a provider of physician services, including newborn, anesthesia, maternal-fetal, teleradiology, pediatric cardiology and other pediatric subspecialty care. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s national network consisted of over 3,600 affiliated physicians, including over 1,130 physicians providing neonatal clinical care, in 35 states and Puerto Rico, primarily within hospital-based neonatal intensive care units (NICUs), to babies born prematurely or with medical complications. Receive News & Ratings for MEDNAX Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Hot Topics TSLA SQ Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Apple (AAPL) sets new all-time highs >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Trading > Trading Advice > Here’s Where Micron Technology Will Be a Better Buy (MU) MU stock continues to reward trend-following traders By Serge Berger, Head Trader & Strategist, The Steady Trader  |  Mar 27, 2017, 9:08 am EDT     View All   Popular Posts: Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock: The Best Place to Buy This Plunge Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock: The Sleeping Giant Will Wake Soon Here’s Where Micron Technology Will Be a Better Buy (MU) Recent Posts: Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Is a Comeback Buy Here’s Where Micron Technology Will Be a Better Buy (MU) SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY): Where Is the Market Heading? View All Posts Shares of Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) rallied 7.4% last Friday after the company reported better-than-expected results for its most recent quarter. Although MU stock has risen sharply over the past 12 months, the primary trend remains higher. Active traders and investors would be wise to respect this trend. When Micron announced strong results and promising guidance last week, analysts were quick to follow suit and raise their price targets for the stock. For example, JPMorgan raised its target from $33 per share to $38. Deutsche Bank propped its target on MU shares from $30 to $35. In my proprietary research, I have found mixed results over time regarding stocks reaching analyst price targets. However, when combined with a solid growth story and supporting charts — which is what we have right now in MU stock — stocks don’t often just meet these price targets, but easily surpass them. This then leads analysts to continuously raise their PTs until greed takes over and expectations get too high. Lastly, analysts end up greatly missing the major turning points — both in company fundamentals, and in stock prices. Let’s move on to Micron’s charts. MU Stock Charts We see on the multiyear weekly chart that Micron was a great breakout story from mid-2013 into late 2014. The wind then quickly changed, leading to a whopping 75% drop over the ensuing 13 months that fully retraced the entire 2013-14 breakout. Click to Enlarge However, note that despite the big drop, MU stock found support around the $10 area, which in years past had acted as a lid on the stock. So, with former resistance turning into technical support, Micron began clawing its way back up from the early 2016 lows in a trend that remains intact to this day. Trend followers and active investors alike should continue to respect this trend until it ends and the lower end of the uptrending parallels is violated for good. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/micron-technology-inc-mu-stock-better-buy/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Now Tencent’s TSLA Stake Is a BIG Buy Signal AMD Gears Up for War Apple Watch Series 3 Could Cut the Cord 3 Bank Stocks You Should Buy on Dips How Much Will AAPL Fall If iPhone 8 Flops? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Right Now The 10 Best ETFs to Buy for the Rest of 2017 3 Bank Stocks to Buy on the Dip 3 Unusual ETFs That Beat the Market 3 ‘Blood in the Streets’ Trades to Make NOW Most Popular The 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Right Now 3 ‘Blood in the Streets’ Trades to Make NOW The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter The 10 Best ETFs to Buy for the Rest of 2017 7 Small-Cap Stocks That Serve Up Big Dividends 3 Bank Stocks to Buy on the Dip Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Latest News Dow 20,710 +159.41 +0.78% Nasdaq 5,878 +37.81 +0.65% S&P 500 2,360 +18.30 +0.78% 3:38 P.M. ET Stock-picking fund managers double down on economic growth 3:30 P.M. ET Updated Dollar turns higher as consumer-confidence reading boosts stocks 3:29 P.M. ET Updated Qualifications: Fluent in English, excellent writing skills, ability to wallow in luxury 3:27 P.M. ET Updated As Senator McCaskill probes marketing of opioids, fatal overdoses spike among white, middle-aged men 3:21 P.M. ET Updated ‘Made in the USA’ was only No. 10 in this ranking of national labels 3:17 P.M. ET Updated Oil ends at 1-week high on Libya output disruptions 3:06 P.M. ET Updated Stock market gathers momentum; Dow on track to halt 8-session skid 3:03 P.M. ET Updated Fed’s Fischer forecasts two more interest rate hikes this year 3:02 P.M. ET Updated The Trump-inspired ‘reflation trade’ just suffered a major setback 3:02 P.M. ET Updated Daily Mail gets slammed for sexist front page, tells readers to ‘get a life’ 2:59 P.M. ET Updated Why investors aren’t more excited about Regeneron’s new $37,000-a-year drug 2:56 P.M. ET With low yields abroad, investors hunt for international dividend funds 2:50 P.M. ET Updated Oil prices end at highest level in about a week 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq climbs 44 points, or 0.8%, to 5,885 2:44 P.M. ET WTI oil prices settle at highest level in about a week 2:44 P.M. ET May WTI oil gains 64 cents, or 1.3%, to settle at $48.37/bbl 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking Dow up 174 points, or 0.9%, to 20,727 2:44 P.M. ET Breaking S&P 500 rises 20 points, or 0.9%, to 2,362 2:43 P.M. ET Breaking Stocks accelerate gains in afternoon trade 2:43 P.M. ET Chesapeake Energy's stock rallies on heavy volume after bullish note from Wunderlich analyst Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until New York Markets Close Market Snapshot Winners and Losers Home Industries Investing/Securities All but 1 of the Dow's components are falling premarket, as Dow futures tumble By Tomi Kilgore Published: Mar 27, 2017 8:40 a.m. ET Share By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor All but one of the Dow Jones Industrial Average's DJIA, +0.78% 30 components trading before Monday's open are declining, with five of those components falling more than 1%. Among the biggest losers, shares of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, +1.62% slumped 2.1%, of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, +1.70% dropped 2.1%, of Caterpillar Inc. CAT, +1.69% shed 1.8% of American Express Co. AXP, +1.29% slid 1.4% and of Nike Inc. NKE, +1.12% lost 1.2% and Visa Inc. V, +0.13% gave up 1%. The long gainer was DuPont & Co.'s stock DD, +1.54% which ticked up 0.1% in light trade. Dow industrials futures YMM7, +0.76% tumbled 159 points. Quote References DJIA +159.58 +0.78% JPM +1.41 +1.62% GS +3.83 +1.70% CAT +1.55 +1.69% AXP +1.00 +1.29% NKE +0.63 +1.12% V +0.12 +0.13% DD +1.24 +1.54% YMM7 +156.00 +0.76% Show all references Most Popular Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets The Nintendo Switch launch, in many charts The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco Stock market gathers momentum; Dow on track to halt 8-session skid How 4D mapping could change the way we live and work MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Modern technology for man’s best friends View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Moneyish This is when taking an Uber to work can actually save you money View More Financial News The grumpy Englishmen bringing transparency to global FX View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,710.56 +159.58 (+0.78%) Volume 234.6M Open 20,542 High 20,736 Low 20,520 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $88.65 +1.41 (+1.62%) Volume 13.1M Open $87.02 High $89.02 Low $86.98 P/E Ratio 14.35 Div Yield 2.25 Market Cap 311.6B Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $229.31 +3.83 (+1.70%) Volume 3.4M Open $225.58 High $229.75 Low $225.10 P/E Ratio 14.02 Div Yield 1.13 Market Cap 89.7B Caterpillar Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CAT $93.06 +1.55 (+1.69%) Volume 3.0M Open $91.56 High $93.16 Low $91.51 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.31 Market Cap 53.7B American Express Co. U.S.: NYSE: AXP $78.60 +1.00 (+1.29%) Volume 3.1M Open $77.51 High $78.86 Low $77.39 P/E Ratio 13.98 Div Yield 1.63 Market Cap 69.9B Nike Inc. Cl B U.S.: NYSE: NKE $56.56 +0.63 (+1.12%) Volume 5.9M Open $55.99 High $56.78 Low $55.79 P/E Ratio 23.58 Div Yield 1.27 Market Cap 92.5B VISA Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: V $89.07 +0.12 (+0.13%) Volume 4.7M Open $89.12 High $89.42 Low $88.49 P/E Ratio 36.01 Div Yield 0.74 Market Cap 206.9B E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co. U.S.: NYSE: DD $81.82 +1.24 (+1.54%) Volume 2.9M Open $80.39 High $82.37 Low $80.15 P/E Ratio 28.67 Div Yield 1.86 Market Cap 69.7B E-Mini Dow Jun 2017 U.S.: CBOT: YMM7 20,653.00 +156.00 (+0.76%) Volume 145.3K Open 20,525 High 20,678 Low 20,459 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Weir Group Plc (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Weir Group Plc (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Energen Co. (EGN) Earns “Buy” Rating from Scotiabank BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for IDEX Co. (IEX) Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Scotiabank Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Tesoro Co. (TSO) Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Earns “Buy” Rating from Scotiabank Gulfport Energy Co. (GPOR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Aldeyra Therapeutics Inc (ALDX) Set to Announce Earnings on Tuesday Advantage Lithium Corp (AAL) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates LifePoint Health Inc (LPNT) Bonds Trading 1.9% Higher Bank of East Asia Ltd (BKEAY) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) WisdomTree Trust (DXJS) Announces $0.01 Quarterly Dividend Amber Road Inc (AMBR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Ameris Bancorp (ABCB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research WisdomTree Intl. LargeCap Div Fd Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 (DOL) Peabody Energy Co. (BTUUQ) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (BIO) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Avenir Corp Owns Stake in Internap Corp (INAP) NEXT plc (NXT) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Weir Group Plc (The) (WEGRY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Weir Group Plc (The) (NASDAQ:WEGRY) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report released on Tuesday morning. According to Zacks, “The Weir Group PLC provides engineering solutions. The company’s operating segment consists of Minerals, Oil & Gas and Flow Control. Oil & Gas segment provides products and service solutions to upstream, production, transportation, refining and related industries. Flow Control segment designs and manufactures valves and pumps. Minerals segment offers provision of slurry handling equipment and associated aftermarket support. It also provides specialist support services to the global power generation, industrial and oil and gas sectors. The Weir Group PLC is headquartered in Glasgow, the United Kingdom. “ A number of other brokerages also recently issued reports on WEGRY. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Weir Group Plc (The) from an overweight rating to a neutral rating in a research note on Friday, December 9th. Barclays PLC raised shares of Weir Group Plc (The) from an equal weight rating to an overweight rating in a report on Friday, March 17th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy. Weir Group Plc (NASDAQ:WEGRY) opened at 11.96 on Tuesday. The firm has a market cap of $5.21 billion and a PE ratio of 109.22. Weir Group Plc has a one year low of $6.89 and a one year high of $12.87. The company’s 50-day moving average is $0.00 and its 200-day moving average is $0.00. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Weir Group Plc (The) (WEGRY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/weir-group-plc-the-wegry-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-hold.html. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Weir Group Plc (The) (WEGRY) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Weir Group Plc (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Weir Group Plc (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance NEXT plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for NEXT plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JW Asset Management LLC Has $3,201,000 Position in UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Laredo Petroleum Inc (LPI) Position Cut by Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Position Lowered by Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Has $176,000 Stake in EnerNOC, Inc. (ENOC) 400,000 Shares in CVS Health Corp (CVS) Acquired by Southpoint Capital Advisors LP Leuthold Group LLC Reduces Stake in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Two Sigma Investments LP Acquires Shares of 23,956 Herman Miller, Inc. (MLHR) Care.com Inc (CRCM) Shares Bought by Two Sigma Investments LP Two Sigma Investments LP Buys 18,327 Shares of Clifton Bancorp Inc. (CSBK) Theravance Biopharma Inc (TBPH) Stake Boosted by Two Sigma Investments LP FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) Upgraded at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Altisource Residential Corp (RESI) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 29th Access National Co. (ANCX) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.15 on May 25th Scotiabank Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (HEP) Tudor Pickering Begins Coverage on Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Intercontinental Exchange Inc (ICE) Jagged Peak Energy Inc (JAG) Receives Hold Rating from BMO Capital Markets Timothy Triche Sells 4,000 Shares of LTC Properties Inc (LTC) Stock Kevin Wilson Acquires 22,576 Shares of Biosyent Inc. (RX) Stock First Republic Investment Management Inc. Boosts Stake in Altria Group Inc (MO) Shore Capital Reiterates “Sell” Rating for NEXT plc (NXT) March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet NEXT plc (LON:NXT)‘s stock had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by Shore Capital in a report released on Thursday. A number of other brokerages also recently issued reports on NXT. Citigroup Inc lowered their price target on shares of NEXT plc from GBX 4,800 ($59.28) to GBX 4,180 ($51.62) and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Jefferies Group LLC decreased their price objective on shares of NEXT plc from GBX 4,600 ($56.81) to GBX 3,500 ($43.23) and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of NEXT plc in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Berenberg Bank reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a GBX 4,000 ($49.40) price objective on shares of NEXT plc in a report on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG raised shares of NEXT plc to a “neutral” rating and decreased their price objective for the company from GBX 4,600 ($56.81) to GBX 4,100 ($50.64) in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 4,687.52 ($57.89). NEXT plc (LON:NXT) opened at 4167.00 on Thursday. NEXT plc has a 1-year low of GBX 3,550.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 6,300.00. The company’s 50 day moving average is GBX 3,909.59 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 4,533.61. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 6.04 billion. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 2nd. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th will be given a dividend of GBX 45 ($0.56) per share. This represents a yield of 1.07%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/shore-capital-reiterates-sell-rating-for-next-plc-nxt.html. In other news, insider Francis Salway acquired 1,250 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 9th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of GBX 4,050 ($50.02) per share, for a total transaction of £50,625 ($62,523.16). Also, insider Steve Barber acquired 2,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, January 6th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 4,101 ($50.65) per share, with a total value of £102,525 ($126,620.97). Over the last 90 days, insiders have purchased 5,500 shares of company stock valued at $22,021,000. NEXT plc Company Profile NEXT plc is a United Kingdom-based retailer offering clothing, footwear, accessories and home products. The Company’s segments include NEXT Retail, a chain of over 500 stores in the United Kingdom and Eire; NEXT Directory, an online and catalogue shopping business with over four million active customers and international Websites serving approximately 70 countries; NEXT International Retail, with approximately 200 mainly franchised stores; NEXT Sourcing, which designs and sources NEXT branded products; Lipsy, which designs and sells Lipsy branded younger women’s fashion products, and Property Management, which holds properties and property leases which are sub-let to other segments and external parties. Receive News & Ratings for NEXT plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NEXT plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Umpqua Holdings Corp (UMPQ) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 29th Freehold Royalties Ltd (FRU) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 29th Halfords Group plc’s (HFD) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at HSBC Holdings plc Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) PT Lowered to GBX 960 at Goldman Sachs Group Inc GVC Holdings PLC’s (GVC) Buy Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd J D Wetherspoon plc (JDW) Raised to Buy at Goodbody Morgan Stanley Lowers Exelon Co. (EXC) to Equal Weight State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $838,000 Stake in Black Knight Financial Services Inc (BKFS) Comerica Bank Has $931,000 Stake in Lazard Ltd (LAZ) Comerica Bank Acquires 7,152 Shares of Telefonica Brasil SA (VIV) Brokerages Set Baxter International Inc (BAX) PT at $52.92 State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $857,000 Stake in Abaxis Inc (ABAX) Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Position Held by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases Shares of 622,986 B2Gold Corp (BTG) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases Shares of 190,853 A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $1,670,000 in Kosmos Energy Ltd (KOS) Nike Inc (NKE) PT Raised to $62.00 at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Kepler Capital Markets Reaffirms Buy Rating for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Buy Rating for Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN) Berenberg Bank Begins Coverage on Cranswick plc (CWK) WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (MRW) Earns Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet HSBC Holdings plc reiterated their buy rating on shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (LON:MRW) in a report issued on Wednesday morning. They currently have a GBX 200 ($2.47) price objective on the grocer’s stock. Other equities analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Beaufort Securities raised shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC to a buy rating in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an underweight rating and set a GBX 205 ($2.53) price objective on shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a GBX 200 ($2.47) price objective on shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a hold rating on shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC in a research note on Sunday, March 12th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a GBX 260 ($3.21) price objective on shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Nine research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 197.75 ($2.44). WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (LON:MRW) opened at 235.10 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 242.16 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 228.03. The firm’s market cap is GBX 5.46 billion. WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 168.50 and a 1-year high of GBX 250.00. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/wm-morrison-supermarkets-plc-mrw-earns-buy-rating-from-hsbc-holdings-plc.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 29th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 25th will be issued a dividend of GBX 3.85 ($0.05) per share. This is a boost from WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC’s previous dividend of $1.58. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 25th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.67%. In other news, insider Paula Vennells purchased 12,745 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 10th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 234 ($2.89) per share, for a total transaction of £29,823.30 ($36,832.53). Also, insider Neil Davidson purchased 12,800 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 235 ($2.90) per share, for a total transaction of £30,080 ($37,149.56). About WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC Wm Morrison Supermarkets PLC is engaged in the operation of retail supermarket stores under the Morrisons brand and associated activities. The Company offers products, such as Free From, World Foods, Food To Go and Nutmeg clothing. It has food manufacturing capabilities in meat, fish, bakery, fruit and veg, deli and flowers. Receive News & Ratings for WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MEDNAX Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) WisdomTree Trust (DXJS) Announces $0.01 Quarterly Dividend Amber Road Inc (AMBR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Ameris Bancorp (ABCB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research WisdomTree Intl. LargeCap Div Fd Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 (DOL) Peabody Energy Co. (BTUUQ) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (BIO) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Avenir Corp Owns Stake in Internap Corp (INAP) NEXT plc (NXT) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages IDEX Co. (IEX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Cal-Maine Foods Inc (CALM) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts AtriCure Inc. (ATRC) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Ophthotech Corp (OPHT) Receives Market Perform Rating from Leerink Swann Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Receives Overweight Rating from Pacific Crest Hays plc (HAS) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Husky Energy Inc. (HSE) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Mammoth Energy Services Inc (TUSK) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages MEDNAX Inc (MD) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report issued on Thursday. According to Zacks, “Mednax, Inc., formerly Pediatrix Medical Group, Inc. is a healthcare services company that focuses on physician services for newborn, maternal-fetal, pediatric subspecialty and anesthesia care. The company ,through its subsidiaries, provides these services in the United States and Puerto Rico. In addition, MEDNAX engages in clinical research, monitoring clinical outcomes, and implementing clinical initiatives. “ A number of other brokerages have also recently issued reports on MD. Goldman Sachs Group Inc began coverage on shares of MEDNAX in a research report on Friday, December 9th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $66.00 price target for the company. Jefferies Group LLC cut shares of MEDNAX from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their price target for the company from $75.00 to $70.00 in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $69.00 price target on shares of MEDNAX in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Robert W. Baird cut shares of MEDNAX from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $72.00 price target for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and seven have given a hold rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $69.00. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) opened at 69.27 on Thursday. The company has a market capitalization of $6.43 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.85 and a beta of 0.67. MEDNAX has a 52-week low of $59.36 and a 52-week high of $76.96. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $69.62 and its 200-day moving average is $66.96. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.06. MEDNAX had a return on equity of 13.59% and a net margin of 10.21%. The company earned $831 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $842.15 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $1.13 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.0% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that MEDNAX will post $4.25 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “MEDNAX Inc (MD) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/mednax-inc-md-rating-lowered-to-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In related news, Director Enrique Sosa sold 10,668 shares of MEDNAX stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.65, for a total transaction of $743,026.20. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 21,923 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,526,936.95. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CFO Vivian Lopez-Blanco sold 10,000 shares of MEDNAX stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.95, for a total transaction of $709,500.00. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 74,261 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,268,817.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 96,296 shares of company stock valued at $6,668,891. 2.40% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of MD. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can boosted its position in shares of MEDNAX by 4.0% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 211,937 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,072,000 after buying an additional 8,086 shares during the period. Hermes Investment Management Ltd. boosted its position in shares of MEDNAX by 8.8% in the third quarter. Hermes Investment Management Ltd. now owns 654,685 shares of the company’s stock valued at $43,373,000 after buying an additional 53,066 shares during the period. Tower Bridge Advisors boosted its position in shares of MEDNAX by 0.9% in the third quarter. Tower Bridge Advisors now owns 38,980 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,582,000 after buying an additional 355 shares during the period. Cooke & Bieler LP boosted its position in shares of MEDNAX by 18.8% in the third quarter. Cooke & Bieler LP now owns 651,336 shares of the company’s stock valued at $43,151,000 after buying an additional 103,101 shares during the period. Finally, Henderson Group PLC boosted its position in shares of MEDNAX by 3.0% in the third quarter. Henderson Group PLC now owns 661,652 shares of the company’s stock valued at $43,825,000 after buying an additional 19,272 shares during the period. 99.16% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About MEDNAX MEDNAX, Inc is a provider of physician services, including newborn, anesthesia, maternal-fetal, teleradiology, pediatric cardiology and other pediatric subspecialty care. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s national network consisted of over 3,600 affiliated physicians, including over 1,130 physicians providing neonatal clinical care, in 35 states and Puerto Rico, primarily within hospital-based neonatal intensive care units (NICUs), to babies born prematurely or with medical complications. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on MEDNAX (MD) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for MEDNAX Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe One Part of Funds Market Where Cash Rushes to Human Managers by Natasha Doff @natashadoff More stories by Natasha Doff March 27, 2017, 12:00 AM EDT March 27, 2017, 8:38 AM EDT Multi-asset funds get boon from big, risk-averse institutions Flexible strategies seen as hedge against political turmoil Plenty of investors are still willing to pay extra to have humans look after their wealth. Just ask Garth Taljard, who helps oversee 50 multi-asset funds for Schroders Plc, the U.K.’s biggest asset manager. As mutual funds lost more than $300 billion in the U.S. since 2014 amid the rush into cheaper passive funds that mimic indexes, he was hiring to keep up with demand that doubled over five years. “Investors realize it’s quite challenging for themselves to do asset allocation, it’s very much a full-time job,” said Taljard, who added two new money managers this year to a global team of 85, responsible for divvying up 64 billion pounds ($80 billion) of clients’ cash. Funds like his haven’t suffered the same fate as other active portfolios because they offer something that isn’t easy to automate: a one-stop-shop where risk-averse insurers or pension funds can spread money across assets as diverse as U.S. blue-chip stocks and emerging-market currencies. This strategy gained popularity after the global financial crisis -- Morgan Stanley says $2 trillion flooded into multi-asset funds since then -- because investors wanted to shield their wealth from future market shocks. Political turbulence from the election of Donald Trump and the rise of European anti-euro parties will only fuel demand. While the funds generate lower returns, their managers can hedge against unforeseen turmoil by quickly moving into safer assets and reverting to riskier ones once things settle down. That versatility comes with a fee more than double that on exchange-traded funds, according to industry data provider Morningstar Inc. “Investors are looking for active multi-asset managers to help navigate potentially troubled waters ahead,” said Taljard, who moved to London last year from Hong Kong, where he oversaw Schroders’ Asian multi-asset business. ETF Dominance Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up As managers like him thrive, traditional mutual funds have, by and large, lost out to ETFs, especially in the U.S. Known as passive funds because their managers don’t actively pick individual securities to buy and sell, ETFs charge on average about 10 basis points and routinely beat their active counterparts. They’ve fetched $2.8 trillion of inflows since 2008, almost half in just the past three years, Morningstar data show. But there’s a catch: passive funds are easy to enter and exit and thus attract a lot of the speculative money that flees quickly in a market rout. For more on ETFs, click here. Pension funds and insurers are limited by how much they can expose their customers’ retirement savings to risks. After the 2008 crash, Europe slapped rules dubbed Solvency II on insurers, for instance, to guarantee their business models are safe enough to ride out a severe financial shock. This is where multi-asset managers carved out a niche. Years of near-zero and negative interest rates in the industrialized world made it impossible for institutions to keep relying on bond funds for wealth preservation. Instead of trying to build their own complex investment portfolios to generate steady returns, many handed the reins to the likes of Schroders and JPMorgan Chase & Co., whose assets under management quadrupled in the five years through December to $199 billion. Multi-asset managers broadened their mandates beyond equities and fixed-income, and analyze factors like valuation, carry and momentum when allocating funds. They also invest across countries and industries, including in ETFs, helping them secure a new captive audience. “Some types of investors felt after the financial crisis that asset allocation is very challenging and it’s good to get help,” said Olivia Mayell, a fund manager at JPMorgan Asset Management in London. Future appetite for these strategies depends, to some extent, on whether the normalization of U.S. and European monetary policy starts to draw people back to traditional low-risk investments, like bonds.  Missed Opportunity For the downside protection, investors in multi-asset funds have also missed out on a whole lot of upside. A stock-market rally handed investors in the S&P 500 about 70 percent in five years, while a Bank of America Merrill Lynch global bond index returned 17 percent. The performance may not be enough to turn the tide. While more expensive than ETFs, the 1.02 percent median fee on European multi-asset funds is about half the cost of typical hedge funds, and pressure to reduce fees is only building. “To some extent the multi-asset fund is giving you a little bit of what the fund of hedge funds gave you in the past, in terms of equity-like returns but with lower risk,” said Randal Goldsmith, a senior analyst at Morningstar in London. Geopolitical turmoil is also a boon for multi-asset strategies, according to Michael Cyprys, an asset-management analyst at Morgan Stanley in New York. Investors want “downside protection” against shocks and are more inclined to seek outcomes -- like capital preservation or inflation protection -- than high returns, he said. Le Pen Risk One such blow would be if anti-euro nationalist Marine Le Pen wins French presidential elections next month, sending the euro tumbling 10 percent if JPMorgan predictions are right, and triggering a 23 percent drop in the Euro Stoxx 50, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch projections. The loss for a multi-asset fund that counterbalances European holdings with haven assets like the Japanese yen? About 4 percent, says Legal & General Investment Management’s London-based head, John Roe, who’s AUM swelled from 1 billion pounds to 15 billion in four years. Back at Schroders, Taljard said although demand remains high, asset managers are vying for contracts with clients who increasingly want to keep running their own funds, but with a hand from the industry. “Instead of just giving us a mandate to manage they also want to learn and share ideas with us,” he said. “Schroders has grown its assets, but we’ve also seen a lot more competition.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tesla Model 3 Ramp Up Aims to Crush BMW and Mercedes These Charts Show Alarm Bells Ringing on the Trump Trade U.S. Travel Industry Fears a ‘Lost Decade’ Under Trump Lockheed’s $29 Billion Copter Poised to Win Pentagon’s Approval Risk Rout Eases as U.S. Stocks, Dollar Trim Losses: Markets Wrap Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Imperial Brands PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Imperial Brands PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News New York State Teachers Retirement System Has $717,000 Stake in AAON, Inc. (AAON) Marietta Wealth Management LLC Invests $2,021,000 in AbbVie Inc (ABBV) 4,351 Shares in Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Acquired by Marietta Wealth Management LLC Godaddy Inc (GDDY) Position Raised by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Hancock Holding Company (HBHC) Stake Reduced by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Purchases 182 Shares of Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 54,315 Shares of Independent Bank Group Inc (IBTX) Snap Inc (SNAP) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Cowen and Company BMO Capital Markets Reiterates $32.00 Price Target for Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research CoStar Group Inc (CSGP) Earns Buy Rating from Needham & Company LLC Penn National Gaming, Inc (PENN) Price Target Increased to $21.00 by Analysts at Barclays PLC Zacks: Travis Perkins (TVPKF) Given Average Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Amerigo Resources (ARREF) Receives Consensus Rating of “” from Analysts Zacks: Evotec AG (EVTCY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Analysts Renaissance Technologies LLC Buys 132,900 Shares of Corenergy Infrastructure Trust Inc (CORR) Insider Buying: Tricon Capital Group Inc (TCN) Director Purchases C$536,000.00 in Stock eHealth, Inc. (EHTH) Stake Boosted by Renaissance Technologies LLC Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT (EARN) Stake Raised by Renaissance Technologies LLC ARK Investment Management LLC Buys New Stake in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Earns “Buy” Rating from Whitman Howard March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Whitman Howard reiterated their buy rating on shares of Imperial Brands PLC (LON:IMB) in a research report report published on Wednesday morning. Whitman Howard currently has a GBX 5,100 ($62.99) target price on the stock. A number of other equities analysts also recently commented on IMB. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a neutral rating and set a GBX 3,640 ($44.95) target price on shares of Imperial Brands PLC in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Barclays PLC lowered their target price on shares of Imperial Brands PLC from GBX 4,500 ($55.58) to GBX 4,300 ($53.11) and set an overweight rating for the company in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a conviction-buy rating and set a GBX 4,130 ($51.01) target price (down previously from GBX 4,300 ($53.11)) on shares of Imperial Brands PLC in a research note on Friday, December 2nd. Credit Suisse Group AG upgraded shares of Imperial Brands PLC to an outperform rating and boosted their target price for the stock from GBX 3,800 ($46.93) to GBX 4,150 ($51.25) in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC boosted their target price on shares of Imperial Brands PLC from GBX 4,300 ($53.11) to GBX 4,400 ($54.34) and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Monday, January 16th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating, eleven have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 4,086.64 ($50.47). Shares of Imperial Brands PLC (LON:IMB) opened at 3810.00 on Wednesday. Imperial Brands PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 3,324.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 4,154.00. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 36.39 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 3,800.39 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 3,726.42. WARNING: “Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Earns “Buy” Rating from Whitman Howard” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/imperial-brands-plc-imb-earns-buy-rating-from-whitman-howard.html. In related news, insider Alison Cooper sold 3,911 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 3,698 ($45.67), for a total value of £144,628.78 ($178,620.21). About Imperial Brands PLC Imperial Brands PLC, formerly Imperial Tobacco Group PLC, is a fast-moving consumer goods company. The Company offers a range of cigarettes, fine cut and smokeless tobaccos, papers and cigars. The Company’s segments include Growth Markets, USA, Returns Markets North, Returns Markets South and Logistics. Receive News & Ratings for Imperial Brands PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Imperial Brands PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HSBC Holdings plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HSBC Holdings plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FUJIFILM Holdings Corp. (FUJIY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Deutsche Bank AG Dcc Plc (DCC) PT Raised to GBX 8,200 at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Insider Selling: Amyris Inc (AMRS) Major Shareholder Sells $107,075.04 in Stock Louis P. Maltezos Sells 23,175 Shares of Ameresco Inc (AMRC) Stock John F. Soini Sells 900 Shares of TransCanada Co. (TRP) Stock Delek Logistics Partners LP (DKL) Major Shareholder Purchases $99,110.72 in Stock Joseph Stilwell Purchases 10,000 Shares of Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Stock Federated Investors Inc (FII) Director Sells $60,040.44 in Stock Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc. (CVGI) Receives Consensus Rating of “” from Analysts Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (HSII) Given $25.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Given $20.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Achaogen (AKAO) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Golub Capital BDC Inc (GBDC) Upgraded to Outperform at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Insider Buying: Tandy Leather Factory, Inc. (TLF) Director Purchases $193,192.00 in Stock Issuer Direct Corp (ISDR) Major Shareholder Sells $281,080.20 in Stock Anglo American plc (AAL) Insider Purchases £9,189.28 in Stock Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) Shares Bought by Barings LLC Norges Bank Invests $36,989,000 in PAREXEL International Co. (PRXL) Norges Bank Purchases New Position in Life Storage Inc (LSI) HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Given a GBX 745 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Morgan Stanley set a GBX 745 ($9.20) target price on HSBC Holdings plc (LON:HSBA) in a report published on Tuesday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts also recently issued reports on the company. Deutsche Bank AG set a GBX 635 ($7.84) price objective on HSBC Holdings plc and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, March 16th. BNP Paribas restated an outperform rating and set a GBX 720 ($8.89) price objective on shares of HSBC Holdings plc in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 740 ($9.14) price objective on HSBC Holdings plc and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a neutral rating and set a GBX 670 ($8.27) price objective on shares of HSBC Holdings plc in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Shore Capital restated a sell rating on shares of HSBC Holdings plc in a report on Monday, March 13th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have given a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 608.30 ($7.51). Shares of HSBC Holdings plc (LON:HSBA) opened at 644.00 on Tuesday. HSBC Holdings plc has a one year low of GBX 392.37 and a one year high of GBX 715.20. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 125.66 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 672.21 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 641.16. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Given a GBX 745 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/hsbc-holdings-plc-hsba-given-a-gbx-745-price-target-by-morgan-stanley-analysts.html. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, April 6th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, February 23rd will be given a dividend of GBX 0.21 ($0.00) per share. This represents a yield of 2.53%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, February 23rd. This is a positive change from HSBC Holdings plc’s previous dividend of $0.10. In other HSBC Holdings plc news, insider Lord Evans purchased 1,483 shares of HSBC Holdings plc stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was bought at an average price of GBX 674 ($8.32) per share, for a total transaction of £9,995.42 ($12,344.60). Also, insider Marc Moses sold 18,270 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 657 ($8.11), for a total value of £120,033.90 ($148,244.91). In the last quarter, insiders have acquired 1,528 shares of company stock valued at $1,029,632 and have sold 500,827 shares valued at $332,418,868. HSBC Holdings plc Company Profile HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) is the banking and financial services company. The Company manages its products and services through four businesses: Retail Banking and Wealth Management (RBWM), Commercial Banking (CMB), Global Banking and Markets (GB&M), and Global Private Banking (GPB). It operates across various geographical regions, which include Europe, Asia, Middle East and North Africa, North America and Latin America. Receive News & Ratings for HSBC Holdings plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HSBC Holdings plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance St. James's Place plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for St. James's Place plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: China Biologic Products Inc (CBPO) Given $131.67 Average Price Target by Analysts Advisory Research Inc. Invests $365,000 in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) JD.Com Inc (JD) Stake Decreased by Allianz Asset Management AG Edge Asset Management Inc. Sells 917 Shares of Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Shares Sold by Letko Brosseau & Associates Inc. Chevron Co. (CVX) Stake Lowered by Sii Investments Inc. WI Chevron Co. (CVX) Shares Bought by Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Insider Sells $793,307.06 in Stock Peter Warwick Sells 16,514 Shares of Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Stock Dover Motorsports, Inc. (DVD) Cut to “C+” at TheStreet Asure Software’s (ASUR) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Barrington Research Weir Group Plc (The) (WEGRY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Sealed Air Corp (SEE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Iberdrola SA (IBE) Given a €7.30 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Steelcase Inc. (SCS) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Fidelity Southern Co. (LION) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Eclipse Resources Corp (ECR) Coverage Initiated at Stifel Nicolaus Heat Biologics Inc (HTBX) Rating Reiterated by Noble Financial Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Lumentum Holdings Inc Lifted by Jefferies Group (LITE) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Shares Sold by Fmr LLC St. James's Place plc (STJ) Receives Add Rating from Peel Hunt March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet St. James's Place plc (LON:STJ)‘s stock had its “add” rating reiterated by Peel Hunt in a research note issued on Monday. They currently have a GBX 1,175 ($14.51) price target on the stock. Peel Hunt’s price target would indicate a potential upside of 10.74% from the company’s current price. Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their price objective on St. James's Place plc from GBX 1,108 ($13.68) to GBX 1,192 ($14.72) and gave the stock a ” overweight” rating in a report on Friday, January 20th. Numis Securities Ltd upgraded St. James's Place plc to an “add” rating and set a GBX 1,200 ($14.82) price objective for the company in a report on Friday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc lifted their price objective on St. James's Place plc from GBX 1,095 ($13.52) to GBX 1,145 ($14.14) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. Panmure Gordon lifted their price objective on St. James's Place plc from GBX 1,145 ($14.14) to GBX 1,274 ($15.73) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Shore Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of St. James's Place plc in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of GBX 1,134.50 ($14.01). Shares of St. James's Place plc (LON:STJ) opened at 1060.5667 on Monday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 5.55 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 1,079.59 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 1,005.83. St. James's Place plc has a 12-month low of GBX 521.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,126.44. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a dividend of GBX 20.67 ($0.26) per share. This is an increase from St. James's Place plc’s previous dividend of $12.33. This represents a dividend yield of 1.96%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “St. James's Place plc (STJ) Receives Add Rating from Peel Hunt” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/st-jamess-place-plc-stj-receives-add-rating-from-peel-hunt.html. In other St. James's Place plc news, insider David Bellamy sold 407 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 989 ($12.21), for a total transaction of £4,025.23 ($4,971.26). About St. James's Place plc St. James’s Place plc is a United Kingdom-based company, which provides wealth management advice, investment management and related services to businesses and individuals across the United Kingdom. The Company’s segments include Life business, Unit Trust business, Distribution business and Other. The Company’s Life business segment offers pensions, protection and investment products through its life assurance subsidiaries. Receive News & Ratings for St. James's Place plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for St. James's Place plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance People's United Financial Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for People's United Financial Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Advantage Lithium Corp (AAL) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates LifePoint Health Inc (LPNT) Bonds Trading 1.9% Higher Bank of East Asia Ltd (BKEAY) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) Loop Capital Initiates Coverage on Snap Inc (SNAP) WisdomTree Trust (DXJS) Announces $0.01 Quarterly Dividend Amber Road Inc (AMBR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Ameris Bancorp (ABCB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research WisdomTree Intl. LargeCap Div Fd Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 (DOL) Peabody Energy Co. (BTUUQ) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (BIO) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Avenir Corp Owns Stake in Internap Corp (INAP) NEXT plc (NXT) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages IDEX Co. (IEX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Cal-Maine Foods Inc (CALM) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts AtriCure Inc. (ATRC) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Ophthotech Corp (OPHT) Receives Market Perform Rating from Leerink Swann Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Receives Overweight Rating from Pacific Crest Hays plc (HAS) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Sees Large Decrease in Short Interest March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet People's United Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBCT) was the recipient of a large drop in short interest in March. As of March 15th, there was short interest totalling 34,478,527 shares, a drop of 3.3% from the February 28th total of 35,636,971 shares. Based on an average daily trading volume, of 3,054,892 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is presently 11.3 days. Approximately 11.0% of the shares of the stock are sold short. A number of research analysts have weighed in on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of People's United Financial in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $20.50 target price on the stock. Stephens assumed coverage on shares of People's United Financial in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. They issued an “equal weight” rating on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of People's United Financial from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Wells Fargo & Co assumed coverage on shares of People's United Financial in a research note on Friday, January 6th. They issued a “market perform” rating on the stock. Finally, FBR & Co raised shares of People's United Financial from an “underperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and raised their target price for the stock from $15.00 to $20.00 in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and eight have assigned a hold rating to the stock. People's United Financial presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $17.25. Shares of People's United Financial (NASDAQ:PBCT) opened at 18.04 on Monday. People's United Financial has a one year low of $13.80 and a one year high of $20.13. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $18.89 and its 200-day moving average is $17.97. The firm has a market cap of $5.57 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.65 and a beta of 0.83. People's United Financial (NASDAQ:PBCT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 19th. The company reported $0.24 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.24. People's United Financial had a net margin of 19.12% and a return on equity of 5.86%. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.22 EPS. Analysts anticipate that People's United Financial will post $0.96 EPS for the current fiscal year. In other People's United Financial news, VP David K. Norton sold 149,965 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.24, for a total value of $2,885,326.60. Following the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 276,891 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,327,382.84. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director Richard M. Hoyt sold 100,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $18.89, for a total transaction of $1,889,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 62,882 shares in the company, valued at $1,187,840.98. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 292,768 shares of company stock worth $5,590,175 over the last ninety days. 2.90% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. raised its position in shares of People's United Financial by 148.0% in the third quarter. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. now owns 6,350 shares of the company’s stock worth $100,000 after buying an additional 3,790 shares during the period. FineMark National Bank & Trust raised its position in shares of People's United Financial by 226.0% in the third quarter. FineMark National Bank & Trust now owns 7,357 shares of the company’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 5,100 shares during the period. Toronto Dominion Bank raised its position in shares of People's United Financial by 432.0% in the third quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank now owns 9,081 shares of the company’s stock worth $143,000 after buying an additional 7,374 shares during the period. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado raised its position in shares of People's United Financial by 0.4% in the third quarter. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado now owns 9,965 shares of the company’s stock worth $158,000 after buying an additional 41 shares during the period. Finally, SRB Corp raised its position in shares of People's United Financial by 6.0% in the third quarter. SRB Corp now owns 9,993 shares of the company’s stock worth $158,000 after buying an additional 563 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 80.80% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/peoples-united-financial-inc-pbct-sees-large-decrease-in-short-interest.html. About People's United Financial People’s United Financial, Inc (People’s United) is the bank holding company for People’s United Bank, National Association (the Bank). The principal business of the Company is to provide, through the Bank and its subsidiaries, commercial banking, retail banking and wealth management services to individual, corporate and municipal customers. Receive News & Ratings for People's United Financial Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for People's United Financial Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunzl plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunzl plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Las Vegas Sands Corp.’s (LVS) Buy Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Given a $16.00 Price Target at Scotiabank RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Given a $51.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Given a $156.00 Price Target at Scotiabank ConocoPhillips (COP) Given a $53.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Given a $33.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Wolseley plc (WOS) Plans GBX 36.67 Dividend Card Factory PLC (CARD) to Issue GBX 6.30 Dividend Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) to Issue Dividend Increase – GBX 3.98 Per Share Scotiabank Reiterates $164.00 Price Target for Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Scotiabank Analysts Give Chevron Co. (CVX) a $114.00 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Rice Energy Inc (RICE) a $30.00 Price Target NewCastle Gold Ltd (NCA) Given a C$1.50 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 3,600 Shares ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Director Paul Emery Bourque Purchases 100,000 Shares Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Bunzl plc (BNZL) Lifted to “Overweight” at Barclays PLC March 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC upgraded shares of Bunzl plc (LON:BNZL) to an overweight rating in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday. They currently have GBX 2,550 ($31.49) price target on the stock, up from their previous price target of GBX 2,450 ($30.26). Several other analysts have also issued reports on BNZL. BNP Paribas restated a neutral rating and set a GBX 2,400 ($29.64) price target on shares of Bunzl plc in a research report on Monday, November 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a neutral rating and set a GBX 2,505 ($30.94) price target on shares of Bunzl plc in a research report on Thursday, November 24th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a neutral rating and set a GBX 2,200 ($27.17) price target on shares of Bunzl plc in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. Deutsche Bank AG cut their price target on shares of Bunzl plc from GBX 2,520 ($31.12) to GBX 2,450 ($30.26) and set a buy rating for the company in a research report on Monday, December 12th. Finally, Shore Capital restated a hold rating on shares of Bunzl plc in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 2,322.33 ($28.68). Shares of Bunzl plc (LON:BNZL) opened at 2321.79 on Tuesday. Bunzl plc has a 52-week low of GBX 1,949.50 and a 52-week high of GBX 2,587.89. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 2,239.68 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 2,180.65. The company’s market cap is GBX 7.65 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Bunzl plc (BNZL) Lifted to “Overweight” at Barclays PLC” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/26/bunzl-plc-bnzl-lifted-to-overweight-at-barclays-plc.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 25th will be paid a dividend of GBX 29 ($0.36) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.29%. This is an increase from Bunzl plc’s previous dividend of $13.00. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 25th. In related news, insider Patrick Larmon purchased 160 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 2,250 ($27.79) per share, with a total value of £3,600 ($4,446.09). Also, insider Frank van Zanten sold 4,935 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 2,309 ($28.52), for a total transaction of £113,949.15 ($140,730.09). Bunzl plc Company Profile Bunzl plc is engaged in the distribution and outsourcing service. The Company supplies a range of sourced non-food products to a range of market sectors in approximately 30 countries. The Company’s segments include North America, Continental Europe, the United Kingdom & Ireland, and Rest of the World. Receive News & Ratings for Bunzl plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunzl plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at DA Davidson First Financial Bankshares Inc (FFIN) Upgraded to “Market Perform” by Hovde Group Insider Selling: Tiffany & Co. (TIF) Director Sells $711,825.00 in Stock State Street Corp Raises Position in Fabrinet (FN) Brokers Offer Predictions for Inogen Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (INGN) State Street Corp Raises Stake in CenterState Banks Inc (CSFL) State Street Corp Increases Position in Tahoe Resources Inc (TAHO) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $38,298,000 Stake in KB Home (KBH) Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Shares Bought by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Voya Financial Inc (VOYA) Position Boosted by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Brokerages Set Brookfield Asset Management Inc (BAM) Target Price at $40.56 Mplx Lp (MPLX) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages CONE Midstream Partners LP (CNNX) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Cascades Inc (CAS) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Regional Management Corp (RM) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Smart Sand Inc (SND) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Spectranetics Corp (SPNC) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Nike Inc (NKE) Earns “Neutral” Rating from Wedbush Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Nomura March 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by equities research analysts at Nomura in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. They currently have a $135.00 price objective on the iPhone maker’s stock. Nomura’s target price points to a potential downside of 4.01% from the stock’s previous close. A number of other research analysts have also issued reports on the company. Robert W. Baird reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $133.00 target price on shares of Apple in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Drexel Hamilton reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $185.00 target price on shares of Apple in a research report on Thursday, December 8th. Vetr upgraded Apple from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $133.51 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Apple in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus reiterated a “reduce” rating and set a $115.00 target price on shares of Apple in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating, forty have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $141.89. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) opened at 140.64 on Thursday. The stock has a market capitalization of $737.87 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.88 and a beta of 1.26. Apple has a 1-year low of $89.47 and a 1-year high of $142.80. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $137.18 and its 200 day moving average is $120.20. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 31st. The iPhone maker reported $3.36 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $3.22 by $0.14. Apple had a return on equity of 34.94% and a net margin of 20.73%. The business had revenue of $78.35 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $77.37 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $3.28 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 3.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts anticipate that Apple will post $8.94 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/26/apple-inc-aapl-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-nomura.html. In other Apple news, Director Albert Gore, Jr. sold 70,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $128.35, for a total transaction of $8,984,500.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 445,574 shares in the company, valued at $57,189,422.90. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Luca Maestri sold 2,300 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, December 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $117.67, for a total value of $270,641.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 4,632 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $545,047.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 403,844 shares of company stock valued at $51,434,527 over the last 90 days. 0.08% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Several large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Armbruster Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in Apple by 35.1% in the third quarter. Armbruster Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,024 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 266 shares during the period. Weaver C. Barksdale & Associates Inc. bought a new stake in Apple during the third quarter worth about $122,000. Glacier Peak Capital LLC bought a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter worth about $127,000. D. Scott Neal Inc. raised its stake in Apple by 701.3% in the third quarter. D. Scott Neal Inc. now owns 1,202 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $136,000 after buying an additional 1,052 shares during the period. Finally, Welch Investments LLC bought a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter worth about $146,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 58.76% of the company’s stock. Apple Company Profile Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Arrow Global Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News The Second Cup Ltd (SCU) Director Michael David Bregman Purchases 15,000 Shares Jan Telander Purchases 1,267,097 Shares of ProGreen US Inc (PGUS) Stock Trupanion Inc (TRUP) Insider Sells $50,610.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Cooper Companies Inc (COO) CEO Sells 1,871 Shares of Stock Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Director Sells $93,960.00 in Stock Robert Phillips Purchases 21,000 Shares of Bonavista Energy Corp (BNP) Stock Arca Biopharma Inc (ABIO) Director Purchases $64,750.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Genesis Land Development Corp. (GDC) Insider Purchases 150,000 Shares of Stock A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) CEO Sells $230,250.00 in Stock InfuSystem Holdings Inc (INFU) Director Buys $201,588.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Director Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Electrolux AB (ELUXY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Vincent Roche Sells 47,400 Shares of Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Stock Kenneth Desgarennes Sells 38,885 Shares of Zayo Group Holdings Inc (ZAYO) Stock II-VI, Inc. (IIVI) Director Francis J. Kramer Sells 30,000 Shares Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Director Michael J. Bush Sells 7,426 Shares Semtech Co. (SMTC) Insider Charles B. Ammann Sells 14,286 Shares Energen Co. (EGN) Earns “Buy” Rating from Scotiabank BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for IDEX Co. (IEX) Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Price Target Raised to GBX 360 March 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Arrow Global Group PLC (LON:ARW) had its target price increased by Macquarie from GBX 350 ($4.32) to GBX 360 ($4.45) in a research note released on Wednesday morning. They currently have an outperform rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts also recently commented on ARW. Peel Hunt restated a buy rating and set a GBX 340 ($4.20) price objective on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Numis Securities Ltd restated a buy rating and set a GBX 405 ($5.00) price objective on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an overweight rating on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, December 8th. Shore Capital restated a buy rating on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a research note on Friday, December 9th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC increased their price objective on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 359 ($4.43) to GBX 384 ($4.74) and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, The stock has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 389 ($4.80). Arrow Global Group PLC (LON:ARW) opened at 343.174 on Wednesday. Arrow Global Group PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 168.66 and a 52 week high of GBX 345.75. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 317.62 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 299.96. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 598.40 million. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/26/arrow-global-group-plc-arw-price-target-raised-to-gbx-360.html. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 6th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 8th will be paid a GBX 6.40 ($0.08) dividend. This is an increase from Arrow Global Group PLC’s previous dividend of $2.70. This represents a yield of 1.97%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 8th. In related news, insider Robert Memmott sold 135,086 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 324 ($4.00), for a total value of £437,678.64 ($540,544.20). Insiders purchased a total of 150 shares of company stock valued at $47,700 over the last quarter. About Arrow Global Group PLC Arrow Global Group PLC is a United Kingdom-based purchaser and manager of debt that uses data and analytics to acquire and manage debt portfolios from financial institutions and other credit providers. The Company is a provider of receivable management solutions. The Company is engaged in the purchase and collection of non-performing loans (NPLs). Receive News & Ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Arrow Global Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News The Second Cup Ltd (SCU) Director Michael David Bregman Purchases 15,000 Shares Jan Telander Purchases 1,267,097 Shares of ProGreen US Inc (PGUS) Stock Trupanion Inc (TRUP) Insider Sells $50,610.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Cooper Companies Inc (COO) CEO Sells 1,871 Shares of Stock Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Director Sells $93,960.00 in Stock Robert Phillips Purchases 21,000 Shares of Bonavista Energy Corp (BNP) Stock Arca Biopharma Inc (ABIO) Director Purchases $64,750.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Genesis Land Development Corp. (GDC) Insider Purchases 150,000 Shares of Stock A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) CEO Sells $230,250.00 in Stock InfuSystem Holdings Inc (INFU) Director Buys $201,588.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Director Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Electrolux AB (ELUXY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Vincent Roche Sells 47,400 Shares of Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Stock Kenneth Desgarennes Sells 38,885 Shares of Zayo Group Holdings Inc (ZAYO) Stock II-VI, Inc. (IIVI) Director Francis J. Kramer Sells 30,000 Shares Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Director Michael J. Bush Sells 7,426 Shares Semtech Co. (SMTC) Insider Charles B. Ammann Sells 14,286 Shares Energen Co. (EGN) Earns “Buy” Rating from Scotiabank BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for IDEX Co. (IEX) Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Peel Hunt Increases Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Price Target to GBX 400 March 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Arrow Global Group PLC (LON:ARW) had its price objective upped by Peel Hunt from GBX 340 ($4.20) to GBX 400 ($4.94) in a note issued to investors on Thursday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Peel Hunt’s target price would indicate a potential upside of 18.87% from the company’s current price. A number of other research firms have also issued reports on ARW. Macquarie boosted their target price on Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 335 ($4.14) to GBX 350 ($4.32) and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 384 ($4.74) target price on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Numis Securities Ltd reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 415 ($5.13) target price on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their target price on Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 350 ($4.32) to GBX 385 ($4.75) and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Shore Capital reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, Arrow Global Group PLC has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of GBX 389 ($4.80). Arrow Global Group PLC (LON:ARW) opened at 343.174 on Thursday. The stock’s market cap is GBX 598.40 million. Arrow Global Group PLC has a one year low of GBX 168.66 and a one year high of GBX 345.75. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 317.62 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 299.96. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 6th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 8th will be issued a dividend of GBX 6.40 ($0.08) per share. This represents a yield of 1.97%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 8th. This is a positive change from Arrow Global Group PLC’s previous dividend of $2.70. WARNING: “Peel Hunt Increases Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Price Target to GBX 400” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/26/peel-hunt-increases-arrow-global-group-plc-arw-price-target-to-gbx-400.html. In related news, insider Robert Memmott sold 135,086 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 324 ($4.00), for a total transaction of £437,678.64 ($540,544.20). Insiders have purchased 150 shares of company stock worth $47,700 in the last ninety days. About Arrow Global Group PLC Arrow Global Group PLC is a United Kingdom-based purchaser and manager of debt that uses data and analytics to acquire and manage debt portfolios from financial institutions and other credit providers. The Company is a provider of receivable management solutions. The Company is engaged in the purchase and collection of non-performing loans (NPLs). Receive News & Ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance John Wood Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for John Wood Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News The Second Cup Ltd (SCU) Director Michael David Bregman Purchases 15,000 Shares Jan Telander Purchases 1,267,097 Shares of ProGreen US Inc (PGUS) Stock Trupanion Inc (TRUP) Insider Sells $50,610.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Cooper Companies Inc (COO) CEO Sells 1,871 Shares of Stock Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Director Sells $93,960.00 in Stock Robert Phillips Purchases 21,000 Shares of Bonavista Energy Corp (BNP) Stock Arca Biopharma Inc (ABIO) Director Purchases $64,750.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Genesis Land Development Corp. (GDC) Insider Purchases 150,000 Shares of Stock A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) CEO Sells $230,250.00 in Stock InfuSystem Holdings Inc (INFU) Director Buys $201,588.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Director Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Electrolux AB (ELUXY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Vincent Roche Sells 47,400 Shares of Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Stock Kenneth Desgarennes Sells 38,885 Shares of Zayo Group Holdings Inc (ZAYO) Stock II-VI, Inc. (IIVI) Director Francis J. Kramer Sells 30,000 Shares Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Director Michael J. Bush Sells 7,426 Shares Semtech Co. (SMTC) Insider Charles B. Ammann Sells 14,286 Shares Energen Co. (EGN) Earns “Buy” Rating from Scotiabank BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for IDEX Co. (IEX) Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets John Wood Group PLC (WG) Downgraded by Jefferies Group LLC March 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Jefferies Group LLC lowered shares of John Wood Group PLC (LON:WG) to an underperform rating in a report published on Wednesday. They currently have GBX 650 ($8.03) price objective on the stock, down from their prior price objective of GBX 800 ($9.88). A number of other equities research analysts also recently weighed in on WG. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their price target on shares of John Wood Group PLC from GBX 570 ($7.04) to GBX 720 ($8.89) and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. Canaccord Genuity reduced their price target on shares of John Wood Group PLC from GBX 900 ($11.12) to GBX 825 ($10.19) and set a hold rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Macquarie raised their price target on shares of John Wood Group PLC from GBX 700 ($8.65) to GBX 810 ($10.00) and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Morgan Stanley restated an equal weight rating and issued a GBX 1,000 ($12.35) price target on shares of John Wood Group PLC in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd restated a hold rating and issued a GBX 880 ($10.87) price target on shares of John Wood Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. John Wood Group PLC has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 794.15 ($9.81). Shares of John Wood Group PLC (LON:WG) opened at 753.93 on Wednesday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 2.80 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average is GBX 773.04 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 797.68. John Wood Group PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 570.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 909.00. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “John Wood Group PLC (WG) Downgraded by Jefferies Group LLC” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/26/john-wood-group-plc-wg-downgraded-by-jefferies-group-llc.html. About John Wood Group PLC Receive News & Ratings for John Wood Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for John Wood Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schneider Electric SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Buys Shares of 2,785 ServiceNow Inc (NOW) Cytokinetics, Inc. (CYTK) Shares Sold by Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Invests $4,809,000 in Boeing Co (BA) GLG Partners LP Cuts Stake in United Technologies Co. (UTX) Drexel Morgan & Co. Has $381,000 Stake in CVS Health Corp (CVS) SRS Capital Advisors Inc. Takes Position in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Cheviot Value Management LLC Invests $234,000 in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Intellectus Partners LLC Takes Position in Oracle Co. (ORCL) Fiera Capital Corp Sells 31,021 Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Franklin Resources Inc. Reduces Stake in Iron Mountain Incorporated (Delaware) REIT (IRM) Two Sigma Investments LP Buys New Position in Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri A.S. (TKC) Hampstead Capital LLP Purchases Shares of 40,000 Celgene Co. (CELG) Hampstead Capital LLP Takes Position in United Technologies Co. (UTX) CVS Health Corp (CVS) Stake Held by Holt Capital Advisors L.L.C. dba Holt Capital Partners L.P. Pebblebrook Hotel Trust (PEB) CFO Sells $358,157.76 in Stock William David Fretz Sells 20,000 Shares of Great Canadian Gaming Corp (GC) Stock Insider Buying: Delek Logistics Partners LP (DKL) Major Shareholder Buys $340,159.86 in Stock Symantec Co. (SYMC) Price Target Raised to $37.00 United Overseas Bank Ltd (UOVEY) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Xcerra Corp (XCRA) to Hold Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Schneider Electric SE (SU) a €78.00 Price Target March 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €78.00 ($83.87) target price on Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) in a research report released on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. SU has been the topic of a number of other reports. Bank of America Corp set a €70.00 ($75.27) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €71.00 ($76.34) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Monday, December 5th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €73.00 ($78.49) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €72.00 ($77.42) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. Finally, Societe Generale set a €80.00 ($86.02) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of €69.12 ($74.32). Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) opened at 67.31 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is €66.20 and its 200-day moving average is €64.20. The company has a market capitalization of €37.35 billion and a PE ratio of 21.78. Schneider Electric SE has a 52-week low of €49.50 and a 52-week high of €69.53. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Schneider Electric SE (SU) a €78.00 Price Target” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/26/goldman-sachs-group-inc-analysts-give-schneider-electric-se-su-a-78-00-price-target.html. Schneider Electric SE Company Profile Schneider Electric SE is a France-based company that specializes in electricity distribution, automation management and produces installation components for energy management. The Company has five divisions organized by business: Energy and Infrastructure, which includes medium and low voltage, installation systems and control, renewable energies and includes customer segments in Utilities, Marine, residential and oil & gas sector; Industry, which includes automation & control which includes water treatment and mining, minerals & metals industries; Buildings, which includes building automation and security, whose customers are hotels, hospitals, office and retail buildings; Data canters and networks, and Residential which is engaged in solutions for saving electricity bills by combining lighting and heating control features. Receive News & Ratings for Schneider Electric SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
skip - skip - Visual Revenue skip - skip - skip - logo schema for google skip - infolinks- inread skip - skip - ad skip - AddBolcker skip - pop skip - Maavaron script Stop animations Toggle contrast Report an accessibility issue  Log in Profile Logout Subscribe now Haaretz - Israel News Tuesday, March 28, 2017. Nisan 1, 5777 Time in Israel: 10:53 PM Search Click to search  Share  Tweet  Email  Zen Israel News Opinion U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish World All sections Israel News Israeli Culture Sports Videos Travel in Israel Business Security & Aviation Science Year in Review 2016 U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish Holidays Books Opinion Archaeology Life & Culture Food E-paper Shabbat Times Weather ESSENCE Edition française Israel Real Estate Log in Profile Scroll back Scroll forward skip - Home   >   Israel News   >   Business Business in Brief: Two Israelis Charged With Insider Trading in Mobileye Shares After four years IDB allowed to drop ‘going concern’ warning on financial reports; Bank of Israel study finds link between shekel depreciation and export growth. TheMarker Mar 27, 2017 12:09 AM comments Print   Zen Subscribe now  Shareshare on facebook  Tweet send via email reddit stumbleupon The Mobileye logo appearing on a screen of the New York Stock Exchange on Monday. The Intel deal may be the harbinger of more Israeli auto tech companies' success. Richard Drew/AP Two Israelis charged with insider trading in Mobileye shares Two Israelis were charged by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission with insider trading in Mobileye before Intel said it was buying the maker of driverless-car technology for $15.3 billion. In a complaint filed on Thursday, the SEC alleged that Ariel Darvasi and Amir Waldman made “remarkably timed” purchases of Mobileye shares and call options prior to the March 13 announcement. The SEC said Darvasi earned about $427,000 from the trades while Waldman profited by$4.5 million after the announcement caused shares of Jerusalem-based Mobileye to soar 28.2 % in a single day. According to the SEC, both defendants were connected to Mobileye insiders through the academic community at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, where much of Mobileye’s core technology was developed and at least 11 Mobileye directors and officers were affiliated. Darvasi, of Mevasseret Zion, is a genetics professor at the university, while Waldman, of Yarqona, is a self-employed engineer, the SEC said. (Reuters) After four years IDB allowed to drop ‘going concern’ warning on financial reports IDB Development Corporation, the holding company controlled by Argentina’s Eduardo Elsztein, published its results without a “going concern” warning for the first time in four years. The conglomerate reported a 262 million shekel ($72 million) profit in fourth-quarter 2016, turning around from a 360 million loss a year ago, thanks to the sale of its stake in agrochemicals maker Adama and improved results at its Cellcom Israel, Super-Sol and Property & Building Limited units. Elsztein told a meeting of investors Thursday he was in no rush to sell of the group’s array of businesses because low interest rates made financing so inexpensive. “Everywhere I go people are still asking me, ‘Are you selling Cellcom, Super-Sol, Property & Building or any other assets?’ But I see things differently and in my eyes it’s better to hold on to these assets and not sell them.” However, IDB has retained JPMorgan to find a single buyer for its 55% stake. (Michael Rochvarger) Bank of Israel study finds link between shekel depreciation and export growth Just days after it stepped into the foreign currency market is a big way to stem the dollar’s loss against the shekel, the Bank of Israel said it would be issuing a study showing intervention works to boost exports. The study found that each 1% depreciation in the value of the shekel led to a rise of between 0.3% and 0.6% in exports after a time lag of two years. It said the lag was probably due to companies’ contractual commitments and currency hedging measures they typically make. The biggest beneficiary is industry, which gets an 0.8% boost, while for services, including tourism, the effect is more modest. The study, which will appear in the Bank of Israel’s annual report to be released Wednesday, said the loss of export markets by Israeli companies from a strong shekel would be hard to win back when the currency weakened because of the costs involved from a company trying to reestablish itself after a hiatus. (Moti Bassok)  Banks, insurers push Tel Aviv shares lower Tel Aviv shares ended lower on Sunday, pulled down by financial shares. The blue chip TA-35 index ended down more than 1% to 1,401.54, while the TA-125 lost nearly 0.8% to 1,256.50, on turnover of 665 million shekels ($$183 million). Phoenix led insurers lower, falling 3.45% to 14.54 shekels. Migdal was down 2.4% at 3.63, and Clal Insurance lost 1.8% to 58.91. Among banks, Israel Discount fell 1.6% to 7.97 and Mizrahi Tefahot 1.1% to 62.37. Elbit Systems dropped 1.9% to 408.50. Leading the day’s gainers, Mazor Robotics jumped 12.8% to 50.58, catching up on its Wall Street price, even though the company issued no announcement to explain the jump. Israel Electric Corporation raised 1.6 billion shekels over the weekend in the institutional tranche, 600 million more than it had slated amid strong demands. Avgol raised 197 million in bonds from institutions. Delek Group moved closer to buying Ithaca Energy over the weekend. (Shelly Appelberg) Israelis charged with Mobileye insider trading Two Israelis were charged by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission with insider trading in Mobileye before Intel said it was buying the maker of driverless-car technology for $15.3 billion. In a complaint filed on Thursday, the SEC alleged that Ariel Darvasi and Amir Waldman made “remarkably timed” purchases of Mobileye shares and call options prior to the March 13 announcement. The SEC said Darvasi earned about $427,000 from the trades while Waldman profited by$4.5 million after the announcement caused shares of Jerusalem-based Mobileye to soar 28.2 % in a single day. According to the SEC, both defendants were connected to Mobileye insiders through the academic community at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, where much of Mobileye’s core technology was developed and at least 11 Mobileye directors and officers were affiliated. Darvasi, of Mevasseret Zion, is a genetics professor at the university, while Waldman, of Yarqona, is a self-employed engineer, the SEC said. (Reuters) IDB allowed to drop ‘going concern’ warnings on financial reports after four years IDB Development Corporation, the holding company controlled by Argentina’s Eduardo Elsztein, published its results without a “going concern” warning for the first time in four years. The conglomerate reported a 262 million shekel ($72 million) profit in fourth-quarter 2016, turning around from a 360 million loss a year ago, thanks to the sale of its stake in agrochemicals maker Adama and improved results at its Cellcom Israel, Super-Sol and Property & Building Limited units. Elsztein told a meeting of investors Thursday he was in no rush to sell of the group’s array of businesses because low interest rates made financing so inexpensive. “Everywhere I go people are still asking me, ‘Are you selling Cellcom, Super-Sol, Property & Building or any other assets?’ But I see things differently and in my eyes it’s better to hold on to these assets and not sell them.” However, IDB has retained JPMorgan to find a single buyer for its 55% stake. (Michael Rochvarger) Bank of Israel study finds link between shekel depreciation and export growth Just days after it stepped into the foreign currency market is a big way to stem the dollar’s loss against the shekel, the Bank of Israel said it would be issuing a study showing intervention works to boost exports. The study found that each 1% depreciation in the value of the shekel led to a rise of between 0.3% and 0.6% in exports after a time lag of two years. It said the lag was probably due to companies’ contractual commitments and currency hedging measures they typically make. The biggest beneficiary is industry, which gets an 0.8% boost, while for services, including tourism, the effect is more modest. The study, which will appear in the Bank of Israel’s annual report to be released Wednesday, said the loss of export markets by Israeli companies from a strong shekel would be hard to win back when the currency weakened because of the costs involved from a company trying to reestablish itself after a hiatus. (Moti Bassok)  Banks, insurers push Tel Aviv shares lower Tel Aviv shares ended lower on Sunday, pulled down by financial shares. The blue chip TA-35 index ended down more than 1% to 1,401.54, while the TA-125 lost nearly 0.8% to 1,256.50, on turnover of 665 million shekels ($$183 million). Phoenix led insurers lower, falling 3.45% to 14.54 shekels. Migdal was down 2.4% at 3.63, and Clal Insurance lost 1.8% to 58.91. Among banks, Israel Discount fell 1.6% to 7.97 and Mizrahi Tefahot 1.1% to 62.37. Elbit Systems dropped 1.9% to 408.50. Leading the day’s gainers, Mazor Robotics jumped 12.8% to 50.58, catching up on its Wall Street price, even though the company issued no announcement to explain the jump. Israel Electric Corporation raised 1.6 billion shekels over the weekend in the institutional tranche, 600 million more than it had slated amid strong demands. Avgol raised 197 million in bonds from institutions. Delek Group moved closer to buying Ithaca Energy over the weekend. (Shelly Appelberg) TheMarker TheMarker Send me email alerts for new articles by TheMarker Send Close Email * Please enter your email TheMarker For a list of Haaretz newsletters, click here. Close  Send me email alerts for new articles by TheMarker Send me email alerts Want to enjoy 'Zen' reading - with no ads and just the article? Subscribe today Subscribe now Back to page skip - skip all comments Comments Sign in to join the conversation. Add a comment Name * Required field Subject * Required field Comment Send Cancel By adding a comment, I agree to this site’s Terms of use Thank you! Your comment was successfully submitted and will be published in accordance with site policy. If you would like to be notified when your comment is published, please fill in your email address in the form below. Email * Please enter valid email Keep me posted No thanks Please wait… An error has occurred Please try again later Close Sort comments by Newest first Oldest first Top-rated first Expand all 1 Reply Close Reply Close Load more Loading more comments skip - gone viral on facbook/haaretzcom Gone Viral skip - video Trending Now Does the Political Scientist Who Foresaw the Trump Era Still Believe in Democracy's Future? The Jewish Voice at the Heart of the Boycott Israel Movement 50 Shades of Benjamin Netanyahu's Gray-ish Hair U.S. Jews Will Never Be the Same After Mass AIPAC Protests Hamas Obtains Heavy Rockets to Wreak Havoc on Israeli Gaza Border Towns By Gili Cohen11 hours ago 3 comments 3 Israeli Air Force Holds Joint Exercise With United Arab Emirates, U.S. and Italy By Gili Cohen5 hours ago Nikki Haley, Rock Star to the Jews and Their Knight in Shining Armor By Chemi Shalev5 hours ago This is a primium article This article contains a video 2 comments 2 Smurfette Latest Victim of Israel's ultra-Orthodox Modesty Wars By Nirit Anderman4 hours ago 1 comments 1 U.S. Jewish Leaders Have Been Quietly Warning Israel Against Trump Promoted content Russian State Bank Confirms Jared Kushner Met Its Executives By Reuters10 hours ago Questioned About Backing BDS? It’s Illegal, and Israel Police Know It By Talia Sasson9 hours ago This is a primium article Nikki Haley: The Days of Israel Bashing at UN Are Over By JTA20 hours ago This article contains a video 2 comments 2 Get our top Business and Finance stories directly to your inbox – every week. Email* Please enter a valid email address Please enter your email Sign up I'd like to receive emails on offers, appeals and commercial info Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close Security & Aviation Hamas Faces Dilemma After Accusing Israel of Killing Top Militant in Gaza Assad Sends an Explosive Message to Israel Assassins of Top Hamas Militant Arrived by Sea, Gaza Reports Say Putin Told Israel That Its Freedom to Act Is Over, Syrian UN Envoy Says skip - Subscribe element skip - Read Now: U.S. Jews Will Never Be the Same After Mass AIPAC Protests ICYMI Scroll back Hamas Obtains Heavy Rockets to Wreak Havoc on Israeli Gaza Border Towns Nikki Haley, Rock Star to the Jews and Their Knight in Shining Armor Auschwitz Shuts Down After Nude Protesters Slaughter Sheep, Chain Selves to Gate Mossad Turned French Spies Into Double Agents After Joint Syria Op Flynn May Have Turned on Trump, Becomes FBI Informant, CNN Analyst Suggests This Canadian Model Is a Comedy Sensation in Israel Putin Told Israel That Its Freedom to Act Is Over, Syrian UN Envoy Says This Israeli Anchorwoman Is Terrifying Netanyahu Report: Israel Is Eighth Most Powerful Country in the World Assad Sends an Explosive Message to Israel Vice Co-founder Lists the '10 Things He Hates the Most About Jews' Mark Twain's Trumpian Book on the Holy Land Elite Nazi-allied Order: Trump Adviser Is Sworn Member I Arrive in Israel on March 21. Arrest Me Explained: What Just Happened Between Turkey and the Netherlands Secret Doc Reveals Israel Expelled Gazans After Six-Day War Next War With Lebanon Must Hit Civilians Where It Hurts, Bennett Says Richard Gere to Haaretz: The Occupation Is Indefensible Children Find a Treasure in Holocaust Survivors' Suitcase Locked for Decades Crusader Shipwreck, Gold Found by Diving Archaeologists in Israel Scroll forward FAQ Contact us Newsletters Terms and conditions Privacy policy Management Editorial Accessibility Advertise on Haaretz.com RSS Contact us Download our Android app Download our iOS app gPlus Facebook Twitter Israel News Middle East Jewish World U.S./World Business Partnerships Dan Hotels in Tel Aviv Haaretz Labels Michael Laitman Love Quotes - LifeHacks Life Archaeology Science Sports Culture Purim Books Travel Theater Movies and TV Food Poem of the Week Columnists Bradley Burston Chemi Shalev Allison Kaplan Sommer Anshel Pfeffer Sayed Kashua Ilene Prusher David Rosenberg Carlo Strenger Vered Guttman Opinion Daily Cartoon Letters to the Editor הארץ מתכונים לפסח חדשות גלריה ספורט ספרים סרטים מומלצים קפטן אינטרנט TheMarker Finance חדשות שוק ההון צרכנות נדל"ן Haaretz.com, the online edition of Haaretz Newspaper in Israel, and analysis from Israel and the Middle East. Haaretz.com provides extensive and in-depth coverage of Israel, the Jewish World and the Middle East, including defense, diplomacy, the Arab-Israeli conflict, the peace process, Israeli politics, Jerusalem affairs, international relations, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, the Palestinian Authority, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, the Israeli business world and Jewish life in Israel and the Diaspora. © Haaretz Daily Newspaper Ltd. All Rights Reserved skip - new Analytics skip - skip - default close skip - skip - skip - Crazy egg skip - collecting surfing data - responsive skip - skip - skip - skip - access list by IP script skip - skip - skip - skip - maavaron
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Schneider National Announces Potential Pricing for IPO By Chris Lange March 24, 2017 11:45 am EDT Print Email Tweet Schneider National has filed an amended S1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regarding its initial public offering (IPO). The company expects to price its 28.95 million shares in the range of $18 to $20 per share, with an overallotment option for an additional 4.34 million shares. At the maximum price the entire offering is valued up to $665.78 million. The company intends to list its stock on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SNDR. The underwriters for the offering are Morgan Stanley, UBS Investment, Merrill Lynch, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, JPMorgan, Wells Fargo, Baird and Wolfe Capital Markets. This is a leading transportation and logistics services company that provides a broad portfolio of premier truckload, intermodal and logistics solutions and operating one of the largest for-hire trucking fleets in North America. The firm believes that it has developed a differentiated business model that is difficult to replicate due to its scale, breadth of complementary service offerings and proprietary technology platform. The highly flexible and balanced business combines asset-based truckload services with asset-light intermodal and non-asset logistics offerings, enabling the company to serve its customers’ diverse transportation needs. Since its founding in 1935, management believes that it has become an iconic and trusted brand within the transportation industry by adhering to a culture of safety “first and always” and upholding its responsibility to associates, customers and the communities that we serve. Schneider is the second largest truckload company in North America by revenue, one of the largest intermodal transportation providers in North America by revenue and an industry leader in specialty equipment services and e-commerce fulfillment. In the filing, the company said: Our portfolio consists of approximately 10,500 company and 2,850 owner-operator trucks, 37,900 trailers and 18,100 intermodal containers across North America and approximately 19,300 enterprise associates. We serve a diverse customer base across multiple industries represented by approximately 16,000 customers, including nearly 200 Fortune 500 companies. Each day, we transit over 8.9 million miles, equivalent to circling the globe approximately 360 times. Our logistics business manages nearly 23,000 qualified carrier relationships and, in 2016, managed approximately $2 billion of third-party freight. Schneider intends to use the proceeds from this offering to repay its debt, as well as for working capital and general corporate purposes. The company will not receive $230 million in the offering; instead selling shareholders will receive those proceeds. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Can the FCC Stop 2.4 Billion Monthly Robocalls? Sony, Intel, PayPal Among 10 Companies With the Best Reputations in the UK » Read more: Transportation, IPOs and Secondaries Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The World's 31 Mega-Cities The Best and Worst States to Grow Old The Safest States in America The Most Dangerous Cars in America Recent The Path for Apple Shares to Rocket to $200 Ahead How Facebook Is Getting Even More Political Morgan Stanley Cuts Price Targets on Natural Gas-Related Firms Why Catalyst Bio Nearly Tripled Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Could Real-World Studies Boost These 3 Big Pharma Stocks' Prospects? Snap Stock Falls as Facebook, Inc. Launches More Copycat Snapchat Features The 3 Best Media Stocks to Buy in 2017 Nasdaq climbs 44 points, or 0.8%, to 5,885 WTI oil prices settle at highest level in about a week May WTI oil gains 64 cents, or 1.3%, to settle at $48.37/bbl McCormick (MKC) Q1 Earnings Beats, Revenues Miss Estimates Carnival (CCL) Beats on Q1 Earnings, Lifts FY17 Guidance Why Investors are Bailing Out of US Stock ETFs Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data Tesla deal boosts Chinese presence in U.S. auto tech GM rebuffs two-class share plan from Einhorn's Greenlight Capital Oil Prices End At Highest Level In About a Week Chesapeake Energy's Stock Rallies On Heavy Volume After Bullish Note From Wunderlich Analyst Why Are Shale Drillers Spending $25 Billion at the Mere Hint of an Oil-Price Increase? GOP Congressman Turns Science Committee Into Platform For His Own Anti-Science Views Fake Target Employee Stole $40,000 In Merchandise, Police Say Coal Executive Admits Donald Trump Can't Single-Handedly Save The Industry Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation World Elections Photos Business Wells Fargo rolls out card-free access at all of its ATMs MONDAY, MARCH 27, 2017, 8:25 P.M. By Jonnelle Marte Washington Post Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Left your wallet at home? You may still be able to grab some cash. As of Monday, Wells Fargo is the first major U.S. bank to offer a card-free option at all of its ATMs. The bank’s customers will be able to use their smartphones to access any of the bank’s 13,000 ATMs. Other major U.S. banks have rolled out card-free ATMs in limited locations. Here’s how it works: Customers must download and log into the Wells Fargo app on their smartphones and request an eight-digit code, which they can type into an ATM instead of inserting a debit card. Next, they enter their PIN, just as they would if they were using their cards. The card-free option can be more secure than using a debit card, says Jonathan Velline, head of branch and ATM banking for Wells Fargo, because it reduces the chance that fraudsters can steal and copy the numbers on your debit card. The smartphone app generates a unique code that expires within 30 minutes. Plus, consumers using the app have to prove their identity on their smartphones – either by providing their thumb print or by typing in their online banking password – in addition to entering their PIN numbers. (With your physical debit card, you only need to provide the PIN code.) Consumers can expect to see more cardless ATMs over the next couple of years. JPMorgan Chase is testing the technology at some locations, while Bank of America has introduced a card-free option at about half of its ATMs. For Bank of America, some machines currently accept mobile wallet programs, such as Apple Pay and Android Pay. Consumers need to only tap their smartphones on or near the ATM, provide their passcode or thumbprint on the phone, and then enter their PINs into the ATM. Wells Fargo says it is upgrading its ATMs to incorporate the digital phone readers and hopes to make the mobile wallet technology more widely available throughout this year and next year. Published: March 27, 2017, 8:25 p.m.  Tags: ATM cards, banks, Wells Fargo Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy More families of Orlando nightclub victims sue Google By Claire Atkinson View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) March 27, 2017 | 10:30pm Modal Trigger Pulse nightclub in Orlando AP More On: florida nightclub mass shooting Orlando nightclub shooting victims to receive nearly $8.5M Prosecutors furious over judge setting bail for Orlando nightclub shooter's wife Judge orders release of Orlando nightclub killer's wife Judge orders psych evaluation of Orlando shooter's wife Google’s advertising headache is about to get a lot worse. Additional families of the victims of last June’s Pulse nightclub shooting in Orlando, Fla., are expected to sue the tech giant for helping the terrorists who inspired the massacre, The Post has learned. A lawyer for the families said last week’s giant ad boycott of Google and its YouTube operation will help prove his case. YouTube and social-media outfits such as Facebook and Twitter make it too easy for terror groups like ISIS to spread their beliefs and recruit members, lawyer Keith Altman, of Michigan’s Solomon Radner law firm, told The Post. “We are amending the Orlando lawsuit, adding new plaintiffs and adding new allegations and arguments,” he said. Omar Mateen, 29, declared his allegiance to ISIS in a 911 call shortly before he went to nightclub and killed 49 people and wounded 53. Altman first filed suit against Google, Facebook and Twitter in December. Google got into hot water after big advertisers such as Walmart and JPMorgan Chase found the ads they bought on Google placed with alongside videos and sites that spewed anti-America, anti-gay and anti-Semitic hate. Google said it would try to do a better job of screening for hate speech, but more advertisers — including AT&T, Verizon, Starbucks and Johnson & Johnson — have pulled their ads from some Google platforms, including YouTube. Altman believes that the controversy adds fuel to his arguments that Google has a responsibility for what it disseminates. SEE ALSO Google loses more top advertisers amid placement nightmare 0:0 Google saw more big-time advertisers pull their business from its... Citing federal regulations, online ad firms and social networks argue they are not responsible for what crosses their sites, since it is created by others. Altman’s legal argument is that by serving up ads and providing advertisers with audience data, Google is in the content-creation business and thus is not protected by the regulations. “Google is sharing revenue with ISIS. This plays very much into the ad boycott,” the lawyer said. In the suit, Altman claims that for years, Google, Facebook and Twitter “have knowingly and recklessly provided the terrorist group ISIS with accounts to use its social networks as a tool for spreading extremist propaganda, raising funds, and attracting new recruits.” “The whole issue will be placed into the complaint,” Altman said. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under florida nightclub mass shooting ,  google ,  isis ,  lawsuits ,  omar mateen ,  terrorism Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Ferrari abandoned two years ago finally gets booted Read Next Ferrari abandoned two years ago finally gets booted Share Selection Trending Now in News 139,142 Schumer loses cool with Trump supporter at swanky restaurant 104,361 The New York Times' ongoing dishonesty only helps Trump 92,762 'One word' sparks ridiculous infighting at ESPN Now On This is the worst David Beckham has ever looked Who should play Barbie in the live-action movie Nancy Kerrigan has moved past Tonya Harding — even if the world hasn’t SEE ALL Now On 10 Sex Scenes That Changed Film History SEE ALL Most Popular This Week Bull gores 11-inch horn up matador's butt Astronaut who walked on moon says he knows the truth... Schumer loses cool with Trump supporter at swanky restaurant Melania's camp denies US Weekly's 'separate bed' report Infant twin girls found dead inside apartment More Stories pagesix Schumer loses cool with Trump supporter at swanky restaurant Now On Decider Alec Baldwin's First Thought When Meeting Tina Fey: "Is She Single?" nypost The New York Times' ongoing dishonesty only helps Trump New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States What Analysts Are Saying About Snap After the Quiet Period By Chris Lange March 27, 2017 12:45 pm EDT Print Email Tweet Snap Inc. (NYSE: SNAP) has been a source of contention since the company had its initial public offering (IPO) in early March. Many market analysts have argued that there is not an efficient way to evaluate this company and as such most of the price targets have been weak, until now. The quiet period is over for the investment houses underwriting the IPO and — not surprisingly — they were very bullish on Snap. This many analysts covering the IPO and taking positive stances on the stock calls into question whether these firms really have Chinese walls — meaning if their brokerage operations are truly separate from their corporate advisory operations. Keep in mind that a majority of the firms issuing calls prior to the end of the silent period were more bearish on the stock. Either way, it appears the analysts have spoken and a majority issuing calls were positive on the stock. No less than eight analysts initiated coverage of Snap, according to FactSet, with five of them giving the company the equivalent of Buy ratings and three placing Hold ratings, with price targets ranging from $23 to $31. That brings the average rating of the 25 analysts surveyed by FactSet to Hold and the average price target to $23.27. Credit Suisse initiated coverage with an Outperform rating with a price target of $30. The brokerage firm went on to say: While we freely concede that SNAP shares remain a concept stock with an investment thesis we expect to play out over the coming fiveplus years, we should receive signals every quarter of its monetization ramp progress. We believe Snap shares will be one of the most volatile in our coverage given its nascent state and high valuation. A few other analysts commented after the silent period as well: Merrill Lynch started Snap with a Neutral rating. Cowen initiated it with an Outperform rating with a $26 price target. Deutsche Bank started it with a Buy rating and a $30 price target. Goldman Sachs has a Buy rating and a $27 price target. Jefferies started it with a Buy rating and a $30 price target. JPMorgan initiated coverage with a Neutral rating and a $24 price target. Morgan Stanley has an Overweight rating with a $28 price target. RBC starts initiated an Outperform rating with a $31 price target. Stifel has a Hold rating and a $24 price target. Prior to the end of the silent period, analysts sounded more like this: Nomura has a Reduce rating with a $16 price target. FBN Securities has a Hold rating with a $23 price target. Cantor Fitzgerald has an Underweight rating with an $18 price target. Needham has an Underperform rating. Mizuho has a Neutral rating with a $20 price target. Susquehanna has a Neutral rating with a $22 price target. Monness Crespi & Hardt has a Buy rating with a $25 price target. Pivotal Research has a Sell rating with a $10 price target. Atlantic Securities has an Underweight rating with a $14 price target. Shares of Snap were last seen up nearly 4% at $23.60 on Monday, with a post-IPO trading range of $18.90 to $29.44. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « How Home Depot and Lowe’s Are Winning in the Omni-Channel While Others Are Losing Manufacturing Recovery Continues in Texas Region » Read more: Media, Analyst Downgrades, Analyst Upgrades, social media Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The World's 31 Mega-Cities The Best and Worst States to Grow Old The Safest States in America The Most Dangerous Cars in America Recent The Path for Apple Shares to Rocket to $200 Ahead How Facebook Is Getting Even More Political Morgan Stanley Cuts Price Targets on Natural Gas-Related Firms Why Catalyst Bio Nearly Tripled Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Could Real-World Studies Boost These 3 Big Pharma Stocks' Prospects? Snap Stock Falls as Facebook, Inc. Launches More Copycat Snapchat Features The 3 Best Media Stocks to Buy in 2017 Nasdaq climbs 44 points, or 0.8%, to 5,885 WTI oil prices settle at highest level in about a week May WTI oil gains 64 cents, or 1.3%, to settle at $48.37/bbl McCormick (MKC) Q1 Earnings Beats, Revenues Miss Estimates Carnival (CCL) Beats on Q1 Earnings, Lifts FY17 Guidance Why Investors are Bailing Out of US Stock ETFs Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data Tesla deal boosts Chinese presence in U.S. auto tech GM rebuffs two-class share plan from Einhorn's Greenlight Capital Oil Prices End At Highest Level In About a Week Chesapeake Energy's Stock Rallies On Heavy Volume After Bullish Note From Wunderlich Analyst Why Are Shale Drillers Spending $25 Billion at the Mere Hint of an Oil-Price Increase? GOP Congressman Turns Science Committee Into Platform For His Own Anti-Science Views Fake Target Employee Stole $40,000 In Merchandise, Police Say Coal Executive Admits Donald Trump Can't Single-Handedly Save The Industry Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 March 2017 by Military News Westlake Financial Services Hires Brian Renfro as SVP of Servicing LOS ANGELES–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Westlake Financial Services recently welcomed Brian Renfro as Senior Vice President of Servicing. In this role, he oversees customer service, collections and remarketing for the entire Westlake portfolio. Renfro looks to leverage his extensive background in servicing technology, and implement strategic and compliance operational efficiencies to drive agent training and development. The end result will be a reduction in losses and improved service to customers of Westlake Financial Services. “Brian brings over 20 years of experience to this role,” commented Ian Anderson, Group President – Westlake Financial Services. “His experience will help our Servicing department implement technology and operational improvements to help reduce losses.” Renfro has decades of direct experience with servicing teams, utilizing various dialer technologies, and applications. He began his auto loan servicing career at Union Acceptance Corporation in 1998 and in 2003, he joined JP Morgan Chase. In 2005, Renfro was appointed as SVP of Operations for Westlake Financial. In 2007, he departed Westlake and held the position of Director of Servicing Operations for Navient for 10 years. About Westlake Financial Services: Westlake is an internet based, privately held finance company that specializes in the acquisition and servicing of prime to sub-prime automotive retail installment contracts. Headquartered in Southern California, Westlake originates indirect retail installment contracts through a network of over 30,000 new and used car dealers throughout the United States. www.WestlakeFinancial.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Business, Companies, company, Internet, service, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fenofibrate Market sales Analysis and Prediction by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Next PostNext AMGA Mourns Loss of President and CEO Donald W. Fisher Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 March 2017 by Military News Eastern Bank Joins Influential Sustainability Group to Help Advance Clean Energy Economy SOURCE: Ceres DESCRIPTION: March 27, 2017 /3BL Media/ -The nonprofit sustainability organization Ceres announced today that Eastern Bank has joined the Ceres Company Network. The Ceres board of directors approved the mutual bank’s membership in February 2017. In joining the Ceres Company Network, Eastern Bank affirms its commitment to maintaining a sustainable business across Massachusetts, southern and coastal New Hampshire and Rhode Island. Ceres membership will help support Eastern Bank’s continued efforts to improve its sustainability policies, procedures, and social and environmental performance. The Ceres Company Network includes more than 50 companies from diverse sectors including financial services, food and beverage, footwear and apparel, and electric power, among others. Eligibility for Ceres Company Network membership requires an executive-level commitment to sustainability and a dedication to integrating sustainability into business strategies and decision-making. “As a community bank, Eastern’s success depends upon healthy, vibrant, and prosperous communities,” said Bob Rivers, Chairman and CEO. “We are delighted to join the Ceres Company Network and our membership affirms our focus upon having a positive impact, and will provide opportunities to refine and strengthen our commitment to sustainability going forward.” In 2013, Eastern Bank signed the Ceres Climate Declaration, calling on companies and policymakers to seize the economic opportunities in tackling climate change. Since then, the company has continued to demonstrate its sustainability leadership, including achieving 100 percent renewable energy sourcing for all of its branches and corporate offices. The company also extended its community development lending program to include support for renewable energy. Eastern has provided $185 million in financing to fund 17 solar farms, which produce enough energy to provide power for 13,300 homes just in Massachusetts.   This year, the Eastern Bank Charitable Foundation will donate nearly $7.0 million to eligible organizations focused on serving historically marginalized communities in Massachusetts and New Hampshire. “Financial institutions have a critical role to play in financing the transition to a low-carbon future, and actualizing a more sustainable global economy,” said Ceres President Mindy Lubber. “As America’s oldest and largest mutual bank, Eastern has been uniquely committed to the communities it has served since 1818.  Eastern Bank’s membership to Ceres evidences the bank’s executive-level commitment to sustainable business.” Eastern Bank joins the Ceres Company Network as its first regional and mutual bank member, alongside other banking and financial sector members including Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, Legg Mason, Morgan Stanley, State Street, Wells Fargo, and Vancity. For more information about the Ceres Company Network, visit http://www.ceres.org/company-network. About Eastern Bank Founded in 1818 and based in Boston, Eastern Bank is America’s oldest and largest mutual bank, with $10 billion in assets and over 120 locations serving communities in eastern Massachusetts, southern and coastal New Hampshire and Rhode Island.  Eastern provides exceptional access to fairly priced banking, investment and insurance products and services for consumers and businesses of all sizes. Eastern Bank, which includes Eastern Wealth Management and Eastern Insurance, is known for its outspoken advocacy and community support that has topped more than $100 million in charitable giving over the past 20 years.  An inclusive company, Eastern employs 1,900 deeply committed professionals who value relationships with their customers, colleagues and communities. Join us for good at www.easternbank.com. About Ceres Ceres is a non-profit sustainability organization that is mobilizing many of the world’s largest companies and investors to take stronger action on climate change, water scarcity and other global sustainability challenges. Ceres directs the Investor Network on Climate Risk, a group of 120 institutional investors managing about $15 trillion assets focused on the business risks and opportunities of climate change and water scarcity. Ceres also engages with 100-plus companies, many of them Fortune 500 businesses, committed to sustainable business practices and the urgency for strong climate and clean energy policies. For more information, visit www.ceres.org or follow on Twitter @CeresNews. Tweet me: .@EasternBank joins @CeresNews and commits to sustainable practices, policies, and environmental/social performance. http://buff.ly/2or86lQ Contact Info: Peyton Fleming Ceres +1 (617) 733-6660 fleming@ceres.org Sara Sciammacco Ceres +1 (617) 247-0700ext. 172 sciammacco@ceres.org KEYWORDS: Responsible Business & Employee Engagement, Sustainability, CERES CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, Business, Companies, company, Economy, Food and Beverage, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Enders Voted into K&N Horsepower Challenge at Las Vegas Next PostNext Talen Energy Exploring Sale of its Mechanicals Services Business Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Markets » IPOs » News US cut in anti-dumping duty on shrimps to boost exports Business Standard Emirates Global said to pick BofA, Goldman for IPO EGA is planning to sell shares at a time when commodity prices have rebounded Ruth David & Dinesh Nair  |  London  March 28, 2017 Last Updated at 00:53 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUIV7B Representational image. Photo: Shutterstock ALSO READ Goldman Sachs feels the heat in Asia as IPO engine slows Emirates making its flying bar bigger, swankier PNB Housing Finance IPO subscribed 0.2 times on Day 1 Planning an IPO or merger? Here's what start-up founders need to know Opec's compliance with output cuts high, rebalancing progresses: Goldman Emirates Global Aluminium, the largest aluminum producer in the West Asia, has selected advisers for an initial public offering that could raise about $3 billion, according to people familiar with the matter. The United Arab Emirates-based company is working with Bank of America Corp., Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co on the share sale, said the people, who asked not to be named as the details aren’t public. Aside from a local listing, EGA could also seek a presence on an overseas stock exchange like London, though no final decisions have been made, the people said. EGA, which is jointly owned by Abu Dhabi’s sovereign fund Mubadala Investment Co. and the Investment Corp. of Dubai, is planning to sell shares at a time when commodity prices have rebounded, attracting investors to the sector once again. If the aluminum producer raises $3 billion, it would be the largest-ever IPO from the UAE, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, surpassing the 2014 stock sale by Emaar Malls PJSC. Read More On Emirates Global | Ega | Bofa | Goldman | Ipo | Markets | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements The 'One' Sedan the World's Elite Prefer to Drive Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Register for LSE India Summit 2017 on 29-30 March Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Emirates Global said to pick BofA, Goldman for IPO EGA is planning to sell shares at a time when commodity prices have rebounded EGA is planning to sell shares at a time when commodity prices have rebounded Emirates Global Aluminium, the largest aluminum producer in the West Asia, has selected advisers for an initial public offering that could raise about $3 billion, according to people familiar with the matter. The United Arab Emirates-based company is working with Bank of America Corp., Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co on the share sale, said the people, who asked not to be named as the details aren’t public. Aside from a local listing, EGA could also seek a presence on an overseas stock exchange like London, though no final decisions have been made, the people said. EGA, which is jointly owned by Abu Dhabi’s sovereign fund Mubadala Investment Co. and the Investment Corp. of Dubai, is planning to sell shares at a time when commodity prices have rebounded, attracting investors to the sector once again. If the aluminum producer raises $3 billion, it would be the largest-ever IPO from the UAE, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, surpassing the 2014 stock sale by Emaar Malls PJSC. Ruth David & Dinesh Nair Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Emirates Global said to pick BofA, Goldman for IPO EGA is planning to sell shares at a time when commodity prices have rebounded Emirates Global Aluminium, the largest aluminum producer in the West Asia, has selected advisers for an initial public offering that could raise about $3 billion, according to people familiar with the matter. The United Arab Emirates-based company is working with Bank of America Corp., Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co on the share sale, said the people, who asked not to be named as the details aren’t public. Aside from a local listing, EGA could also seek a presence on an overseas stock exchange like London, though no final decisions have been made, the people said. EGA, which is jointly owned by Abu Dhabi’s sovereign fund Mubadala Investment Co. and the Investment Corp. of Dubai, is planning to sell shares at a time when commodity prices have rebounded, attracting investors to the sector once again. If the aluminum producer raises $3 billion, it would be the largest-ever IPO from the UAE, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, surpassing the 2014 stock sale by Emaar Malls PJSC. Ruth David & Dinesh Nair Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance New York Mortgage Trust Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for New York Mortgage Trust Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Las Vegas Sands Corp.’s (LVS) Buy Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Given a $16.00 Price Target at Scotiabank RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Given a $51.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Given a $156.00 Price Target at Scotiabank ConocoPhillips (COP) Given a $53.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Given a $33.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Wolseley plc (WOS) Plans GBX 36.67 Dividend Card Factory PLC (CARD) to Issue GBX 6.30 Dividend Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) to Issue Dividend Increase – GBX 3.98 Per Share Scotiabank Reiterates $164.00 Price Target for Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Scotiabank Analysts Give Chevron Co. (CVX) a $114.00 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Rice Energy Inc (RICE) a $30.00 Price Target NewCastle Gold Ltd (NCA) Given a C$1.50 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 3,600 Shares ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Director Paul Emery Bourque Purchases 100,000 Shares Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research New York Mortgage Trust Inc (NYMT) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet New York Mortgage Trust Inc (NASDAQ:NYMT) has been given an average recommendation of “Hold” by the eight analysts that are covering the firm. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $6.33. A number of research analysts have weighed in on NYMT shares. Maxim Group raised their target price on shares of New York Mortgage Trust from $6.75 to $7.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services downgraded shares of New York Mortgage Trust from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “New York Mortgage Trust Inc (NYMT) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/new-york-mortgage-trust-inc-nymt-given-average-recommendation-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. Shares of New York Mortgage Trust (NASDAQ:NYMT) traded down 0.7761% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $6.0725. The company had a trading volume of 464,974 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $679.17 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.1693 and a beta of 1.28. New York Mortgage Trust has a 52-week low of $4.45 and a 52-week high of $7.04. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $6.43 and a 200 day moving average price of $6.35. New York Mortgage Trust (NASDAQ:NYMT) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The company reported $0.09 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.16 by $0.07. New York Mortgage Trust had a return on equity of 8.27% and a net margin of 18.01%. The business earned $14.81 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $17.15 million. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.01 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 7.4% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts expect that New York Mortgage Trust will post $0.67 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Shareholders of record on Monday, March 27th will be paid a $0.20 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 23rd. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 13.07%. New York Mortgage Trust’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 228.58%. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in New York Mortgage Trust by 2.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 37,935 shares of the company’s stock valued at $228,000 after buying an additional 1,082 shares during the period. BlackRock Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in New York Mortgage Trust by 2.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 481,471 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,898,000 after buying an additional 9,654 shares during the period. LSV Asset Management boosted its stake in New York Mortgage Trust by 74.1% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 1,211,011 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,290,000 after buying an additional 515,411 shares during the period. Global X Management Co. LLC boosted its stake in New York Mortgage Trust by 4.7% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 1,479,194 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,905,000 after buying an additional 66,257 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in New York Mortgage Trust by 14,508.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 261,053 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,572,000 after buying an additional 259,266 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 29.83% of the company’s stock. About New York Mortgage Trust New York Mortgage Trust, Inc is a real estate investment trust. The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, investing in, financing and managing primarily mortgage-related assets and financial assets. Its investment portfolio includes residential mortgage loans, including second mortgages and loans sourced from distressed markets, multi-family commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS), mezzanine loans to and preferred equity investments in owners of multi-family properties, equity and debt securities issued by entities that invest in residential and commercial real estate and commercial real estate-related debt investments, and Agency residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS). Receive News & Ratings for New York Mortgage Trust Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for New York Mortgage Trust Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Stocks Mixed as Wall Street Shakes Off Worries Over Trumpcare's Defeat Stocks are mixed on Monday as Wall Street shakes off worries over the way forward for the Trump White House. Keris Alison Lahiff Mar 27, 2017 2:56 PM EDT Stocks were mixed on Monday as Wall Street shook off worries over the way forward for the Trump White House.  The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.3%, or 56 points, the S&P 500 was down 0.2%, and the Nasdaq added 0.13%. "There was a quick shift to not dwell on health care and move onto what's really on the minds of investors, which is tax reform," said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment strategist at the Private Client Reserve at U.S. Bank, in a phone call. "The administration and Congress want to move quickly to tax reform, which may be a bit easier and less contentious as far as getting that done and that's really one of the key components of what Trump has been stressing for growth initiatives." The Dow had declined by triple digits earlier in the session, selling off as Donald Trump's failure to push through health care reform raised doubts over his ability to enact other promised changes. If the Dow closes lower, it will mark the eighth straight day of losses, it longest losing streak since August 2011.  The GOP's failure to repeal and replace Obamacare, a major campaign commitment, was viewed as a litmus test for Trump's ability to achieve major change in Washington. Financials received a big boost following Trump's surprise election in November and his promises of relaxed industry regulation, though those changes now look more distant. House Speaker Paul Ryan said during a press conference on Friday afternoon that tax reform had been made more difficult by the failure of the health care bill, but not impossible. Financials weighed on Wall Street on Monday. Bank of America (BAC) , Wells Fargo (WFC) , U.S. Bancorp (USB) , Goldman Sachs (GS)  and Morgan Stanley (MS) were lower on Monday. The Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLF) fell 0.4%.  House leaders pulled the unpopular health care bill ahead of a vote late Friday afternoon after Republicans failed to secure enough votes for passage. While Ryan has promised the fight to repeal and replace Obamacare is ongoing, changes in the near term look unlikely. In a press conference on Friday, the speaker said Obamacare remains the law of the land and Americans will live with it for "the foreseeable future." "It leaves investors worrying what's next," Charlie Ripley, investment strategist for Allianz Investment Management, told TheStreet. "We came into this knowing that a lot of these Trump agendas are going to take a lot longer than what investors have been anticipating, and we think the stumble with the health care bill is opening up the eyes of other investors to that notion." Chicago Federal Reserve President Charles Evans hedged his bets on Monday, noting that four interest rate hikes could be appropriate if "things take off" but that half as many rate increases "might be right" if the outlook clouds. Evans was speaking at a Global Interdependence Center event in Spain. The Fed voted to raise rates by 25 basis points at its meeting in mid-March, the third increase since 2008.  Snap (SNAP) climbed 6.5% on Monday following a series of analyst moves. RBC Capital initiated coverage at overweight with a $31 price target. JPMorgan rated the disappearing message app at neutral with a $24 a share target. Goldman Sachs and Jefferies both have the stock rated as a buy. Snap was given a series of sell ratings when it made its market debut at the beginning of the month.  Sealed Air (SEE)  fell after agreeing to sell its Diversey Care division and its food hygiene and cleaning units to Bain Capital. The deal, worth around $3.2 billion, is expected to close in the second half of the year. Sealed Air also authorized an extra $1.5 billion to be added to its share repurchase program.  G-III Apparel (GIII) shares slumped 14.5% following a disappointing fourth quarter. The apparel company reported a loss of 42 cents a share, down from profit of 17 cents in the year-ago quarter. An adjusted loss of 16 cents a share was wider than consensus of 10 cents. For its current fiscal year, G-III anticipates earnings no higher than 90 cents a share, well below estimates of $1.34. CEO Morris Goldfarb said the retail environment had "become increasingly disrupted as a result of evolving consumer buying behavior and continued penetration of e-commerce." Weatherford International (WFT) rose 8.3% on Monday on news it had entered into a joint venture with Schlumberger (SLB) to service the fracking industry in the U.S. and Canada. Schlumberger will own 70% of the OneStim venture. Wells Fargo upgraded Weatherford to outperform from market perform.  Schlumberger is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells SLB? Learn more now. Allergan ( AGN)  rose slightly and Paratek Pharmaceuticals ( PRTK)  gained 10.7% after reporting positive results for a drug treatment targeting acne. The drugmakers said two Phase 3 trials of sarecycline had shown "meaningful clinical benefits for patients afflicted with acne." Allergan will file for U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval in the second half of the year.  Allergan is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells AGN? Learn more now. Starbucks ( SBUX) was initiated with an outperform rating and $66 price target at Telsey Advisory. The firm said the coffee chain can continue to deliver solid growth and return excess cash to investors. Starbucks is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells SBUX? Learn more now. Best Buy (BBY)  added 2.9% after analysts at Piper Jaffray upgraded the stock to overweight from sector weight and upped its price target to $55 from $45. Analysts said they see the potential for higher comparable store sales growth.   If you liked this article you might like Dow Losses Extend Into Day Eight; Longest Losing Streak in Nearly Six Years The Dow Jones Industrial Average ends Monday in the red, its eighth day of losses in a row and its longest losing streak since August 2011. Keris Alison Lahiff Mar 27, 2017 4:30 PM EDT Forgot your ATM Card? At Wells Fargo, Your Smart Phone Will Suffice 'We've embedded security into the design,' a Wells Fargo executive said. 'There's a lot of layers of security around the application itself.' Valerie Young Mar 27, 2017 2:46 PM EDT Dow Drops Triple Digits as Trumpcare Fails, Worries Rise Over President's Agenda Stocks fall on Monday morning as Donald Trump's failure to push through health care reform raises doubts over his ability to enact other promised changes. Keris Alison Lahiff Mar 27, 2017 11:01 AM EDT Trending 3 Huge Mistakes Explain Everything on Why Sears Is Now Dying Samsung's Planned Comeback With Galaxy S8 Could Help Lift Broadcom, Qualcomm 3 Reasons Investors Should Hold On to Advanced Micro Devices Whole Foods Has Lost a Staggering Amount of Shoppers and That's a Major Problem for Its Future 15 Big Losers From When Sears Eventually Dies Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Midday Report: Snap Gets Analyst Boost; Dow Stumbles Triple Digits The Dow Jones Industrial Average stumbled triple digits to begin the week after Republicans shelved an unpopular health- care bill on Friday. Keris Alison Lahiff Mar 27, 2017 11:54 AM EDT The Dow Jones Industrial Average stumbled triple digits to begin the week after Republicans shelved an unpopular health-care bill on Friday. President Donald Trump's failure to push through reform raised doubts over how he can enact other promises, including tax cuts. Snap ( SNAP) rose following a series of analyst moves. RBC Capital initiated coverage at OVERWEIGHT with a $31 price target, JPMorgan rated it as NEUTRAL, and Goldman Sachs and Jefferies both have a BUY rating. Weatherford International  ( WFT) rose after entering into a joint venture with Schlumberger ( SLB) to service the fracking industry in the U.S. and Canada. Wells Fargo upgraded Weatherford to OUTPERFORM on the news. Starbucks ( SBUX) was initiated at OUTPERFORM at Tesley Advisory. The firm said few consumer brands have as broad a generational appeal as the coffee chain. Action Alerts PLUS , which Jim Cramer manages as a charitable trust, is long SLB and SBUX. If you liked this article you might like Cramer: Good News Is Not What the Bears Wanted to Hear Among other things, consumer confidence is up. Jim Cramer Mar 28, 2017 2:23 PM EDT Snap Shares Sink as Facebook Launches Copycat Feature on Its Main Platform Deutsche Bank initiated coverage of Snap with a Buy, but even that wasn't enough to hold off the bears worried about Facebook's growing encroachment on its territory. Annie Palmer Mar 28, 2017 1:50 PM EDT Cramer: Companies That Will Get You Off the Couch Bargains and experiences are the keys to driving consumer spending. Jim Cramer Mar 28, 2017 11:40 AM EDT As Trump Euphoria Dies, Bet on This Bearish ETF Wall Street is looking askance at its erstwhile hero Donald Trump, as the White House sinks into disarray. With stocks on the downswing, now's the time for this bearish bet. John Persinos Mar 28, 2017 9:56 AM EDT Trending 3 Huge Mistakes Explain Everything on Why Sears Is Now Dying Samsung's Planned Comeback With Galaxy S8 Could Help Lift Broadcom, Qualcomm 3 Reasons Investors Should Hold On to Advanced Micro Devices Whole Foods Has Lost a Staggering Amount of Shoppers and That's a Major Problem for Its Future 15 Big Losers From When Sears Eventually Dies Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
BREAKING NEWS: CBOT corn ends up on bargain-buying, positioning ahead of USDA � … Gold falls below 1-month high as dollar, Treasury yields rise � � � … Uninterrupted gas supply ensured to provinces: Khaqan … Gorsuch faces uphill climb for US Senate confirmation � … Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data … ECP announces schedule for PK-54 by-elections � … UN picks former US state governor to run World Food Programme � … PM calls for promoting religious harmony and brotherhood … Bhikki power plant to start producing 800MW in two weeks:CM … CBOT wheat ends higher in light technical rebound � … Menu Home Top News From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors Markets Politics & Policy Uninterrupted gas supply ensured to provinces:.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 29th, 2017 00:51 ECP announces schedule for PK-54 by-elections.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 29th, 2017 00:46 PM calls for promoting religious harmony.. Fawad Maqsood Mar 29th, 2017 00:43 Ombudsman Punjab calls on Governor Fawad Maqsood Mar 29th, 2017 00:32 Government allows export of 200,000 MT.. Imaduddin Mar 28th, 2017 21:46 PML-N follows reconciliation policy with democratic.. Imaduddin Mar 28th, 2017 21:38 SBP to issue Rs 50 Abdul.. Imaduddin Mar 28th, 2017 19:54 World Africa Europe Global Business & Economy Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Gorsuch faces uphill climb for US.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 00:49 Argentina posts February trade deficit .. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 00:38 Egyptian president to meet Trump at.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 00:34 Putin to meet Iran’s Rouhani in.. Imaduddin Mar 28th, 2017 17:10 Trump’s son-in-law to face panel on.. Madiha Shakeel Mar 28th, 2017 16:39 Saudi to set up $3bn joint.. Parvez Jabri Mar 28th, 2017 16:20 Trump pivots to tax reform after.. Parvez Jabri Mar 28th, 2017 15:56 Business Banking & Finance Industries & Sectors Managed Funds Real Estate VW supervisory board backs Stadler, top.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 00:36 ECB must face closer democratic scrutiny:.. Parvez Jabri Mar 28th, 2017 14:30 Bank of England to check banks.. Imaduddin Mar 27th, 2017 18:44 Toshiba’s US atomic unit to file.. Parvez Jabri Mar 27th, 2017 14:02 Sinopec’s 2016 net profit rises 44pc.. Imaduddin Mar 26th, 2017 13:28 China central bank advisor believes PBOC.. Imaduddin Mar 25th, 2017 13:16 Credit Suisse CEO payout is undeserved.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 24th, 2017 20:33 Markets Commodities Energy Equity Fixed Income FXMM CBOT corn ends up on bargain-buying,.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 00:55 Gold falls below 1-month high as.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 00:52 Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 00:47 CBOT wheat ends higher in light.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 00:42 Oil jumps on Libyan disruption, OPEC.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 29th, 2017 00:40 Dollar steadies as markets look beyond.. Imaduddin Mar 28th, 2017 17:46 Stocks rebound on easing Trump tax.. Imaduddin Mar 28th, 2017 17:14 Stocks Stocks Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Football Hockey Olympic London 2012 Other Sports ICC Champions Trophy coming to Pakistan.. Ali Ahmed Mar 28th, 2017 15:58 Aussies no longer friends, says Kohli Ali Ahmed Mar 28th, 2017 15:21 Breaking 130-yr-old tradition: England to launch.. Imran Kazmi Mar 28th, 2017 14:57 PCB slammed for ignoring Imran Khan Ali Ahmed Mar 28th, 2017 13:31 Everything we know about wrestlers visiting.. Ali Ahmed Mar 28th, 2017 11:55 India set for win after Australian.. Imaduddin Mar 27th, 2017 18:00 Record breaking Shadab impresses Sarfraz Ali Ahmed Mar 27th, 2017 16:29 Entertainment Arts Lifestyle Movies Music WWE Kane to run for Mayor Ali Ahmed Mar 27th, 2017 14:35 Noor ends marriage for the fourth.. Ali Ahmed Mar 27th, 2017 11:54 Laptop ban hits Dubai for 1.1mn.. Imaduddin Mar 25th, 2017 13:42 Twitter eyes paid ‘premium’ service for.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Mar 24th, 2017 22:20 Shahid Kapoor and Kangana Ranaut squabble.. Madiha Shakeel Mar 24th, 2017 17:05 Scientists create chemical to reverse signs.. Madiha Shakeel Mar 24th, 2017 12:06 Twinkle Khanna sexually harassed at work Madiha Shakeel Mar 24th, 2017 11:43 Sci-Tech Bengali ‘tree’ girl, refused further hospital.. Aagha Majid Mar 28th, 2017 18:20 Facebook adds camera features, moving closer.. Imaduddin Mar 28th, 2017 17:52 UK researchers mass-produce artificial blood Aagha Majid Mar 28th, 2017 13:23 Scientists create heart tissue from spinach.. Aagha Majid Mar 27th, 2017 16:18 Scientists discover new hidden features of.. Aagha Majid Mar 27th, 2017 13:56 German Scientists create first ever ‘artificial.. Aagha Majid Mar 25th, 2017 15:20 Indian parrots turn opiate addicts Aagha Majid Mar 25th, 2017 13:16 ePaper AAJ Live Home »Markets » Equity » Americas » US stocks slump as market digests Trump health setback Americas US stocks slump as market digests Trump health setback Imaduddin Mar 27th, 2017 20:39 0   NEW YORK: Wall Street stocks fell early Monday in the first full session since Republican leaders withdrew a US health care reform bill, dealing a major setback to President Donald Trump. About 10 minutes into trading, US stocks were solidly lower, a more decisive reaction to the surprise outcome in Congress compared with Friday, when the market finished the session mixed in the brief period of trading after the bill died. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was at 20,427.39, down 0.8 percent. The broad-based S&P 500 dropped 0.9 percent to 2,324.07, as did the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index which was down to 5,774.65. Analysts said the demise of the health care replacement, Trump's first major legislative effort, raised questions about the new president's ability to advance the rest of his agenda. "The prospects for tax reform, regulatory change and fiscal stimulus have helped fuel the post-election market rally, but last week's failed attempt at healthcare reform has put a dent in confidence around the administration's ability to effectively accomplish those initiatives," according to Briefing.com. Hospital stocks HCA and Universal Health Services rose 4.5 percent and 3.2 percent, respectively, as the chance of a major overhaul threatening federal programs key to their businesses subsided. But large banks fell again, with JPMorgan Chase losing 1.8 percent and Goldman Sachs 2.7 percent. The sector was one of the biggest beneficiaries of post-election investor bullishness, on the hopes of tax cuts and regulatory reform. Dow Chemical shed 0.6 percent and DuPont 0.5 percent as European Union antitrust authorities approved the $130 billion merger of the two companies, provided DuPont sells "major parts" of its global pesticides business. Copyright AFP (Agence France-Press), 2017  Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Imaduddin Previous Sindh PA renames two Universities as Fatima Jinnah, Abdul Sattar Edhi Next First woman named to head UBL Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Top
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clearside Biomedical Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Las Vegas Sands Corp.’s (LVS) Buy Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Given a $16.00 Price Target at Scotiabank RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Given a $51.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Given a $156.00 Price Target at Scotiabank ConocoPhillips (COP) Given a $53.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Given a $33.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Wolseley plc (WOS) Plans GBX 36.67 Dividend Card Factory PLC (CARD) to Issue GBX 6.30 Dividend Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) to Issue Dividend Increase – GBX 3.98 Per Share Scotiabank Reiterates $164.00 Price Target for Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Scotiabank Analysts Give Chevron Co. (CVX) a $114.00 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Rice Energy Inc (RICE) a $30.00 Price Target NewCastle Gold Ltd (NCA) Given a C$1.50 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 3,600 Shares ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Director Paul Emery Bourque Purchases 100,000 Shares Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Director Buys $15,180.00 in Stock March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Clearside Biomedical Inc (NASDAQ:CLSD) Director Christy L. Shaffer bought 2,200 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 20th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $6.90 per share, with a total value of $15,180.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now owns 2,200 shares in the company, valued at $15,180. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Clearside Biomedical Inc (NASDAQ:CLSD) traded down 0.28% on Monday, reaching $7.04. The company had a trading volume of 53,229 shares. The company’s market capitalization is $178.01 million. Clearside Biomedical Inc has a 52-week low of $5.44 and a 52-week high of $25.08. The company’s 50-day moving average is $7.45 and its 200-day moving average is $12.37. Clearside Biomedical (NASDAQ:CLSD) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, March 14th. The company reported ($0.45) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.33) by $0.12. Equities analysts anticipate that Clearside Biomedical Inc will post ($2.03) EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Director Buys $15,180.00 in Stock” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/clearside-biomedical-inc-clsd-director-buys-15180-00-in-stock.html. Several brokerages have recently weighed in on CLSD. Wedbush reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $27.00 target price on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Cowen and Company reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Zacks Investment Research raised Clearside Biomedical from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Needham & Company LLC reduced their target price on Clearside Biomedical to $18.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on Clearside Biomedical in a research note on Friday, February 24th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $19.00 target price for the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. Clearside Biomedical currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $21.80. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in CLSD. Tudor Investment Corp Et Al purchased a new position in Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth about $1,184,000. Perceptive Advisors LLC purchased a new position in Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth about $6,365,000. Marshall Wace LLP increased its position in Clearside Biomedical by 181.1% in the fourth quarter. Marshall Wace LLP now owns 449,820 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,021,000 after buying an additional 289,820 shares in the last quarter. Orbimed Advisors LLC purchased a new position in Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth about $2,682,000. Finally, Hillhouse Capital Management Ltd. purchased a new position in Clearside Biomedical during the third quarter worth about $10,410,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 33.52% of the company’s stock. About Clearside Biomedical Clearside Biomedical, Inc is a clinical biopharmaceutical company developing first-in-class drug therapies to treat blinding diseases of the eye. The Company’s product candidates focus on diseases affecting the retina, which is the tissue that lines the inside of the eye and is primarily responsible for vision, and the choroid, which is the layer adjacent to the retina that supplies the retina with blood, oxygen and nourishment. Receive News & Ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Synchronoss Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News NewCastle Gold Ltd (NCA) Given a C$1.50 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 3,600 Shares ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Director Paul Emery Bourque Purchases 100,000 Shares Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Materion Corp (MTRN) Insider Sells $97,110.00 in Stock Valeritas Inc (VLRX) CFO Erick Lucera Acquires 3,000 Shares of Stock Amaya Inc (AYA) Director Sells C$2,507,050.00 in Stock Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. (ASPS) Sets New 12-Month High Following Insider Buying Activity Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) Hits New 12-Month High on Analyst Upgrade Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (SBH) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts DineEquity Inc (DIN) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Leoni AG (LNNNF) Downgraded to Hold at HSBC Holdings plc Tandy Leather Factory, Inc. (TLF) Director James C. Pappas Buys 36,585 Shares Element Fleet Management Corp (EFN) Director Paul Damp Acquires 15,000 Shares of Stock Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) EVP Sells $28,376.25 in Stock March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNCR) EVP David Schuette sold 1,081 shares of Synchronoss Technologies stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.25, for a total transaction of $28,376.25. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 49,093 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,288,691.25. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Shares of Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNCR) traded down 1.31% during trading on Monday, reaching $25.60. 111,774 shares of the company were exchanged. Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. has a one year low of $25.15 and a one year high of $49.94. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $29.57 and a 200-day moving average price of $38.25. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.13 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 56.89 and a beta of 2.28. Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.24 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.26 by $0.02. Synchronoss Technologies had a return on equity of 11.20% and a net margin of 3.38%. The business had revenue of $147.80 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $149.11 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.61 earnings per share. Synchronoss Technologies’s revenue for the quarter was down 6.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. will post $2.55 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/synchronoss-technologies-inc-sncr-evp-sells-28376-25-in-stock.html. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Peregrine Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in Synchronoss Technologies during the third quarter worth about $15,745,000. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Synchronoss Technologies during the fourth quarter worth about $11,971,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in Synchronoss Technologies by 10.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,925,438 shares of the company’s stock worth $120,470,000 after buying an additional 275,479 shares during the last quarter. Fiera Capital Corp acquired a new stake in Synchronoss Technologies during the fourth quarter worth about $9,082,000. Finally, Matarin Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in Synchronoss Technologies during the third quarter worth about $8,811,000. 84.24% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Synchronoss Technologies in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $65.00 price target on the stock. Stifel Nicolaus dropped their price target on shares of Synchronoss Technologies from $40.00 to $32.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Synchronoss Technologies from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $38.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG lowered shares of Synchronoss Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their price target for the company from $50.00 to $35.00 in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $46.50. About Synchronoss Technologies Synchronoss Technologies, Inc (Synchronoss) offers cloud solutions and software-based activation for mobile carriers, enterprises, retailers and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). The Company operates in providing cloud solutions and software-based activation for connected devices segment. Its software provides consumer and enterprise solutions for transactions on a range of connected devices across the world’s networks. Receive News & Ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Snap’s stock rises as it wins a few more ‘buy’ ratings By Post Staff Report View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) March 27, 2017 | 10:46am | Updated March 28, 2017 | 10:07am Modal Trigger Getty Images More On: snap inc Facebook gets more shameless with new Snapchat knockoff Snap shares rise on first 'buy' rating from Wall Street Snap shares sink to new low as Wall Street questions outlook Forecaster takes an ax to Snapchat's 2017 ad revenue Snap’s stock is finally finding a few friends on Wall Street. The owner of the Snapchat messaging app saw its stock rise as much as 2.8 percent Monday after several banks gave it a buy rating — defying a recent rash of skepticism about Snap’s heavy losses and slowing user growth. The Los Angeles-based company’s app, which lets users to share short-lived messages and pictures, is popular with millennials but faces intense competition from larger rivals such as Facebook’s Instagram. Snap has warned it may never become profitable. On Monday, a few analysts chose to look on the positive side as they initiated coverage on Snap shares, which debuted under the ticker “SNAP” on the New York Stock Exchange March 1. “SNAP’s engaged/hard-to-reach millennial users and unique video offerings should attract significant ad dollars,” said Morgan Stanley analysts, who started the stock with an “overweight” rating. Snap shares recently changed hands at $23.25, up 2.8 percent. Still, that’s short of the stock’s $24 open on its first day of trading. Morgan Stanley, which was among the banks that underwrote Snap’s initial public offering, was joined by fellow underwriters Jefferies, RBC, Cowen & Co and Credit Suisse in giving the stock a “buy”. RBC was the most bullish with a $31 price target. “The big question is whether SNAP’s user base can ‘age up,’” analysts at Cowen said in a note. However, JPMorgan, also an underwriter, started Snap with a “neutral” rating. JPMorgan cited “an increasingly competitive social media landscape which includes Facebook and others implementing successful Snap features across a broader user base, potentially weighing on user growth, and lack of profit until 2019.” Including the latest actions, Snap now has eight “buy” or higher ratings, six “sell” and seven “neutral” ratings, according to Thomson Reuters data. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under ipo ,  nyse ,  snap inc ,  snapchat Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Stocks get slammed as 'Trump trade' loses steam Read Next Stocks get slammed as 'Trump trade' loses steam Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 139,142 Schumer loses cool with Trump supporter at swanky restaurant 104,361 The New York Times' ongoing dishonesty only helps Trump 92,762 'One word' sparks ridiculous infighting at ESPN Now On This is the worst David Beckham has ever looked Who should play Barbie in the live-action movie Nancy Kerrigan has moved past Tonya Harding — even if the world hasn’t SEE ALL Video 0:47 Comic book nerds fell into a pool, and looked amazing doing it More Stories pagesix Schumer loses cool with Trump supporter at swanky restaurant Now On Decider Alec Baldwin's First Thought When Meeting Tina Fey: "Is She Single?" nypost The New York Times' ongoing dishonesty only helps Trump New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse How You Should Diversify Your Portfolio, According To A 50-Year Wall Street Veteran Spencer Israel , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 27, 2017 10:30am   Comments Share: Marc Chaikin has worked on Wall Street since the 1960’s. In addition to years as a trader and broker, he’s also known for creating his own technical indicators and investing platforms, including those offered by his own stock research company Chaikin Analytics. In 2016, $1 trillion moved from active to passive funds, according to Bloomberg. With that, more and more people are opting for broad index funds over individual equities. This generally leaves people broadly diversified, but unable to outperform the market. So how does Chaikin, who’s just about seen it all, advise people diversify their portfolio? It Starts From The Top Down “I believe in diversification through sector analysis,” Chaikin said in an interview with Benzinga. “I start with a top-down view, look at price and relative performance. I also look at the number of stocks in a sector with bullish Power Gauge Ratings based on our 20-factor fundamental model [offered in his Chaikin Analytics platform] versus bearish ratings.” Chaikin emphasized that the ability to compare stock ratings within a sector provides broad, yet comprehensive, insight into sector performance. In that way, he will get the diversification of the index funds or ETFs in the strongest sectors, without needlessly including underperforming sectors just for the sake of diversity. “I analyze the 10 S&P Select SPDR Sector ETFs based on price performance and, more importantly, the potential based on the Power Gauge stock rating,” he said. “I have no problem underweighting or completely ignoring the weakest sectors. I like to find three or four sectors where price—actual and potential—converge and then identify the strongest stocks in those sectors. Reason being you can beat the ETFs, which are benchmarked to an index, by investing in the strongest stocks in these sectors. So that’s the way we approach the diversification problem.” Chaikin cited an example of how Chaikin Analytics’ weekly sector analysis guided investors towards top industry performers over the second half of 2016 through the post-election rally. “The Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSE: XLF) has been strong since July when interest rates started to go up and the bond market peaked,” Chaikin said. “Anybody who was following our sector analysis on a weekly basis was alerted to the fact that the financial sector was outperforming through mid-March, 2017; and you wanted to look for stocks in the financial sector with bullish Power Gauge Ratings. "So that led you to J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM). It led you to Progressive Corp (NYSE: PGR), Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (NYSE: AMP), Allstate Corp (NYSE: ALL). It also pointed you in the direction of technology stocks because technology stocks have been strong for quite some time. At the same time, utility stocks were showing weakness. So simply tilting your portfolio towards the financial and tech sectors and away from the Consumer Staples Select Sect. SPDR (NYSE: XLP) and The Real Estate Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSE: XLRE) sectors would enable your portfolio to outperform the indexes.” How Active An Investor Should You Be? On the subject of how to best take advantage of the ongoing bull market, Chaikin advocated for investors to take control of their own investments rather than rely on passive instruments or fund managers. While he endorses active management, Chaikin also recognized that time and confidence were important factors that could limit how involved some investors can be in their own portfolios. He emphasized that finding the right tools will help even the most novice money managers avoid stumbling between investments. “If you’ve got some time, you can outperform,” he explained. “That’s what Chaikin Analytics is all about. The fact is that if you put in a little time to find stocks that have everything going for them, you can beat the market, and therefore, active management makes sense.” “I lean toward active management because we give people the tools to manage their assets on an active basis and beat the market.” he said. “In order to be an active self-directed investor you have to have to rely on good tools rather than emotion. Because if you are just randomly shooting from the hip, responding to stories on the news, it’s not going to cut it.” Chaikin Analytics is a sponsored partner with Benzinga. This article was written in conjunction with Chaikin Analytics, and may have been subject to their approval. Posted-In: Financial Advisors Education Psychology Topics Opinion Be Your Own Boss Personal Finance Interview Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (ALL + AMP) Don Steinbrugge Explains Reinsurance: A Strategy That Helps Hedge Funds Remain Safe From Market Volatility Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For March 1, 2017 From Bank Stocks To Your Bank Account: Here's Everything You Need To Know About The Fiduciary Rule 12 Stocks To Watch For February 2, 2017 12 Must Watch Stocks for February 1, 2017 Earnings Scheduled For February 1, 2017 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 SLB, QUIK: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 HTGM, TSM: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 3 WBA, RAD: Baird Updates Its View On Walgreen's With New Rit... 4 SNX, ABCO: Stocks To Watch For March 27, 2017 5 EXAS, SWIR: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downg... 6 WBA, SHLD: Benzinga's Picks And... 7 GOOG, FOXA: Here's Ever... 1 CARA: Cara Therapeutics Surrenders Some Early Gains 2 CLVS, AZN: Tesaro Gets Approval For Zejula, Expect U.S. Launch Late April 3 AKER, CYRX: Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Rise; Carnival Profit... 4 TSLA: Tesla's Continues Rally After Tencent Reveals 5%... 5 ESRX, ANTM: Anthem Non-Renewal Still A Huge Risk For Ex... 6 TSRO, GNK: 7 Biggest Price Target Changes For... 7 RHT: Red Hat's Investments Begi... Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Allscripts Has 20% Upside: Deutsche Bank Upgrades Stock To Buy Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Open Lower; G-III Apparel Misses Q4 Views
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US stocks mixed as tax bill hopes offset health setback By Afp Published: 10:08 EDT, 27 March 2017 | Updated: 16:23 EDT, 27 March 2017 e-mail The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 0.2 percent to 20,550.98 to decline for the eighth straight session, the longest such losing streak since 2011 US stocks finished mixed again, shrugging off early weakness as investors welcomed President Donald Trump's efforts to pivot to tax reform after flopping on health policy. The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 0.2 percent to 20,550.98 to decline for the eighth straight session, the longest such losing streak since 2011. The broad-based S&P 500 los 0.1 percent at 2,341.59, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index advanced 0.2 percent to 5,840.37, Trump administration officials since Friday have begun talking up tax cuts, by far Wall Street's top priority in his agenda because of its capacity to boost corporate profits. US stocks opened sharply lower on doubts about Trump's ability to advance tax cuts after Friday's surprise demise of the health bill. But US stocks moved gradually higher through the session. "It's doing a lot better than I had originally expected it to be doing," said Sam Stovall, chief investment strategist at CFRA Research. Technology shares were generally strong, with Tesla Motors gaining 2.7 percent, Netflix 1.4 percent and Priceline 1.1 percent. Hospital stocks HCA and Universal Health Services rose 5.1 percent and 3.2 percent, respectively, as the chance of a major overhaul threatening federal programs key to their businesses subsided. Dow Chemical climbed 1.5 percent and DuPont 1.3 percent as European Union antitrust authorities approved the $130 billion merger of the two companies, provided DuPont sells "major parts" of its global pesticides business. Large banks, which rallied after Trump's election, continued to give back some of their gains. Morgan Stanley shed 2.1 percent, Goldman Sachs 1.4 percent and Wells Fargo 0.7 percent. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS She's a real work of art! Kate wows in a forest green lace dress by Temperley London for a glittering gala at the National Portrait Gallery 'Longest calf muscles known to man': Katie Price suffers ANOTHER holiday fail as she is accused of Photoshop faux pas amid backlash over Princess snap Heartbroken Katie Waissel claims estranged husband has been 'f**king their neighbour'... as she discusses split after just one year of marriage PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her baby bump as she steps out with boyfriend JP... after confirming she's having a girl 'Private beaches and bottoms': MIC's Frankie Gaff shows off her pert posterior as she poses for racy topless snap during cast trip to Mauritius Ellie Goulding cosies up to rumoured beau Caspar Jopling as they enjoy a romantic stroll in NYC... following her fling with the Beckhams' bodyguard Bobby Rich EXCLUSIVE 'We love the idea of a baby': Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey on starting a family, their latest love triangle and why cheeky Sam is a 'hypocrite'  Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal join Orlando Bloom during St Barts holiday as they celebrate the swimsuit model's 25th birthday 'I feel proud, it was such a gift': Daisy Lowe reflects on newfound body confidence... after admitting to be 'tequila positive' during Strictly Come Dancing tour 'I can't breathe': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry reveals plans to have nostrils WIDENED in corrective nose job as airwaves are being painfully restricted Billie Piper displays her ink-free forearm at City Of Tiny Lights screening after tattoo removal... and hides second tribute to ex Laurence Fox under ring 'They simply don't eat': Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and once threatened to QUIT a film after a co-star was told to lose weight)  A blooming lovely couple! Michelle Keegan stuns in a floral jumpsuit from her own collection as she joins husband Mark Wright for London stroll 'Hanging out like best buds': Kendall Jenner is a dream in green as she spends the day shopping with Paris Jackson at a flea market in LA What the Beck! Unrecognisable David Beckham sports gruesome rotting teeth and a HUGE scar on his face on the set of new King Arthur movie  'I would go to sleep crying': Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, talks playing Al Pacino's cocaine-addicted trophy wife in Scarface as she poses for Interview 'Something's cooking': Bar Refaeli announces she's pregnant as she shows off her baby bump... eight months after welcoming her daughter Liv PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Chloe Goodman flaunts her enviable curves in plunging bikini as she soaks up the Maldives sun with her sisters Lauryn and Amelia   Fashion darling Alexa Chung dazzles in show-stopping bardot polka dot gown as she leads the style at the 2017 Portrait Gala 'I've still got my wedding ring on': Rio Ferdinand admits 'there's no given time for moving on' from the death of his wife... amid Kate Wright rumours 'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in sizzling crop top as she walks hand-in-hand with new beau James Lock  'I greet him with a Versace towel and water in a Versace glass': Kim Kardashian reveals she pampers Kanye West after his concerts 'Eamonn was worried that people would think its him!' Ruth Langsford confesses she 'felt sick' when she realised she had shared a VERY explicit photo on Twitter Sun-kissed Millie Mackintosh heads to work while posing in her own designs for high fashion shoot...  after returning from FIFTH vacation of 2017 Giggling Myleene Klass nails the city girl look as she wows in chic trench with shirt dress while heading to work   Nailed city girl style  She Did It Again! Shakira dazzles in lace and leather for children's charity launch in Barcelona... after winning an award for her philanthropic efforts Morning perk! Braless Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes her chest in sheer black top as she exits coffee shop in LA The Step Up star wore a casual outfit  'RIP beautiful princess': Tributes pour in for Zayn Malik's cousin Arshiya after she dies aged five following battle with brain tumour Terrible tragedy There's the money shot! Malin Akerman and onscreen husband Damian Lewis strip off for raunchy sex scene during their hit drama Billions  Claire Sweeney puts on a casual display in workout wear as she enjoys a sunny day at the park with her adorable son Jaxon, 2 Playful day out Another day, another bikini! Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt stuns in green two-piece on Miami vacation It's not secret when she hits the beach 'You're changing lives': 'Amazing' Jeff Brazier is praised by fans for offering advice on coping with grief... days after anniversary of Jade Goody's death 'Tidy your room!' Chloe Ferry proudly shows off her immaculate bedroom before fans spot the VERY messy reality in Instagram video Just in time for Easter: Reese Witherspoon cuddles up to a bunny as she models new dress from her Draper James clothing line The body that cost £1.5m: Surgery addict Alicia Douvall leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets in skimpy lingerie Back to business! Bethenny Frankel slips into flattering LBD after posing up a storm in a bikini on Mexican getaway Sported a fitted dress  'I would never play a person of a different race!': Scarlett Johansson answers critics who say her role in Ghost In The Shell is a 'whitewash' Is the Fresh Prince going back to Bel-Air? Internet goes into meltdown as cast of 90s show reunites... raising fans' hopes of a new series Quick change! The spotlight falls on Mary Berry's daughter after a continuity blunder on the cook's show (amid claims she'll take over her mother's empire) Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison downs drinks at Dubai pool party... after saying she 'couldn't be happier' about rekindling romance with beau John Noble  All made up... for takeout! Chrissy Teigen looks chic in straw hat, striped blouse and torn jeans to pick up food at hot spot Madeo in West Hollywood Rooney Mara appears topless as a grieving widow in new trailer for A Ghost Story with Casey Affleck Spooky drama 'It will be weird': Charlotte Crosby is yet to speak with Vicky Pattison about her romance with her Ex On The Beach fling Stephen Bear Daddy's little Idol! Eric Cowell is the spitting image of father Simon as he joins glam mum Lauren Silverman for a spot of fine dining in Malibu Secret admirer? Cara Delevingne holds a red rose as she parties the night away with supermodel pals Kendall Jenner and Lily Donaldson 'It could happen': Nick Jonas sounds hopeful about co-starring with pal Jennifer Lopez in the NBC live musical revival of Bye Bye Birdie . 'I will forever hate myself for it': Lisa Riley expresses regret for not listening to her mother's advice on romance... leading to a string of disastrous relationships 'I wanted to physically harm myself': WWE star Paige reveals pain she suffered after sex tape leaked... as fiance announces their wedding date Mariah Carey relaxes in a robe on her 47th birthday while enjoying luxury beach trip with toyboy Bryan Tanaka 'Live your vile selfish life: Stephanie Davis SLAMS Jeremy McConnell in impassioned rant... hours after declaring her love for him  Off-duty beauty: Make-up free Kate Moss keeps it casual in a khaki jacket and skinny jeans as she leaves a shoot in London Can do low-key glamour Kate Hudson steps out in suede ankle boots and pinstripe trousers...after packing on the PDA with Danny Fujikawa 'We all float down here': Teaser trailer and poster for Stephen King's IT heads down to the sewer with evil clown Pennywise Creepy reboot Bikini babe! Cara Santana flashes hint of cleavage and rock hard abs as she flaunts her bod in sexy Instagram snap Red hot 'It was like meeting someone at a bus stop': Lorraine Pascale admits her birth parents were like 'two strangers' when she met them for the first time John Legend looks typically cool in a statement leather jacket as he arrives for radio interview in Paris SPOILER ALERT: Shaken Ste struggles to piece together what he's done as he wakes up in the shower after Amy is MURDERED on Hollyoaks Val Kilmer claps back at critics who called him 'creepy' and 'obsessive' for revealing his longtime crush on Cate Blanchett Pillow talk! Demi Lovato and Jimmy Fallon make out with cushions as they play teenage besties in hilarious new Ew! segment  Those Night Changes! Liam Payne, 23, jokes about being on nappy duty after welcoming son... as Cheryl, 33, 'plans to conquer mummy market' 'I want you to be better': New trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming shows Peter Parker being mentored by Tony Stark as they take on Vulture Gemma Collins highlights her curves in a form-fitting jumpsuit as she steps out in Essex with Danielle Armstrong's athletic beau Daniel Spiller My how you've grown! Nicole Kidman's young daughters Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret are the spitting image of their famous mother as they land in Sydney Luisa Zissman displays fab post-baby body in a bust-baring lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys sunny getaway... seven months after birth of daughter Indigo 'Namaste': Lindsay Lohan shows off her cleavage in a plunging black swimsuit as she embraces her inner zen in Thailand At peace with her self-ies 'They are now safe': Ed Sheeran HAS saved the lives of abused Liberian street boys after incredible act of kindness on Comic Relief 'It's the end of March!' EastEnders fans take to Twitter in confusion as SNOW falls on Albert Square while the UK enjoys balmy spring sunshine Her body is still Bootylicious! Kelly Rowland shows off her STUNNING physique in one-piece during day at the beach with son Titan, two  'I've been speaking to them': Marnie Simpson reveals she has been messaging Niall Horan AND James Arthur... following her messy split from cheat Lewis 'Are you impressed with my terrarium?': Holly Willoughby is left speechless at Phillip Schofield's VERY rude gardening innuendo... as she flashes her bra 'I miss LA': Karrueche Tran longs for home as she shares makeup-free selfie in New Orleans... after showing off her fit physique during workout session Out and a pout: Rumer Willis flashes big smile with plumped up lips while promoting new Empire role  Plenty to smile about  Pamela Anderson offers to take Prime Minister of Ireland out for a pint of Guinness if he supports banning the use of wild animals in circuses Charlotte Dawson puts on a busty display in a scarlet co-ord as she enjoys a night out in Barcelona with her glamorous mother Tracy Darlene Cates, star of What's Eating Gilbert Grape, dies aged 69  Best known for her role as Gilbert's mother in the 1993 hit 'She was denying and crying': Kim Kardashian was with Paris Hilton when sex tape leaked.. but soon 'calmed down' when talk turned to MONEY Kendall Jenner cruises around the sunny streets of LA in her eye-catching purple convertible Cadillac Didn't opt for a subtle ride Rihanna strips off as Bates Motel FINALLY reveals its iconic Psycho shower scene... after singer confessed she can't bear to watch her raunchy moments 'Has she come from a club?': Busty Michelle Mone shocks GMB viewers as she cuts a VERY glamorous figure in a plunging black maxi dress What's the buzz Rusty? Russell Crowe channels Romper Stomper character with new crew cut as he works on his fitness with a park kick about Flirty at the fairground: Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann kisses boyfriend Michael Kopech while posing for playful shoot 'I think everything I do is terrible': Lorde shows off her quirky style in plunging ensemble... as she reveals her self deprecating side in honest interview Feeling Torn? Natalie Imbruglia holds hands with mystery man and NOT beau Ryan Bienefelt... as he posts about his 'little peanut' Where's her boyfriend? Mel B shimmers in plunging metallic jumpsuit she makes her first public appearance since filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte at AGT launch 'I want to keep the day really traditional:' Lauren Goodger wants TWO ceremonies and a racy wedding dance as she confesses she can't wait to wed jailbird beau She's a real team player! Queen Letizia of Spain is presented with a basketball shirt emblazoned with her name as she meets young athletes in Madrid Camera shy Demi Moore keeps it casual as she heads home with daughter Scout after a family dinner date Headed out for low key meal with her kids Blue and green SHOULD be seen! Queen Mathilde and Crown Princess Mary are pretty in pastels as the Belgian royals touch down in Denmark Step aside, mum and dad! Jude Law and Sadie Frost's model daughter Iris, 16, stuns in her second make-up campaign for Burberry Essentials Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, looks in good spirits during grocery shop run... as she moves on from nude photo leak drama Cheat day! Elsa Hosk stuffs her face with McDonald's French fries after stunning during Victoria's Secret lingerie shoot in Miami Make-up free Liv Tyler cuts a chic figure in specs and skintight leggings as she enjoys a shopping spree in London Billie Faiers finally introduces newborn son Arthur in stunning family shoot... as she reveals fiancé Greg Shepherd almost MISSED the labour 'Is that a prosthetic?': Big Little Lies fans react on Twitter after Alexander Skarsgard appears to go full-frontal Scene on Sunday left fans all aflutter  Just admiring the view! Kristin Cavallari posts nude photo of husband Jay Cutler gazing out at the Caribbean water while on romantic trip to Mexico Legs eleven! Katie Holmes shows off her dancer legs as she models a denim miniskirt under her oversized coat in chilly New York City SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Bethany Platt discovers her boyfriend Nathan shared a secret smooch with Mel... but will she finally dump the evil manipulator? Shameless star Emmy Rossum's 'house robbed of $150k worth of jewelry after she left combinations written down near home safes' 'I dream of genie vibes': Khloe shows off her svelte figure and trim waist in a plunging white jumpsuit... after revealing she used to be 'shamed' for her curves 'It's just half a bottle of red wine!': GBBO 2016 star Selasi Gbormittah upsets Piers Morgan as they clash over his signature bolognese recipe There's NOTHING everyday about Mary Berry! Show sees her cook with lobster, cruise in her vintage car, milk a goat- and host 1,000 guests in her garden Hotting up! Lily James shows off flat stomach as she peels off turtle neck jumper while enjoying stroll in sunshine with boyfriend Matt Smith She's got that magic hour glow! Margot Robbie enjoys wedded bliss on a tropical beach with a chilled flute of champagne in hand at sunset 'I fell in love': Alec Baldwin recalls moment he asked if Tina Fey was single... and reveals he almost passed on SNL Trump gig Justin Bieber faces being ARRESTED in Brazil four years after allegedly spray painting graffiti on wall of £23m hotel Happened in 2013 'I felt my body had completely failed me': Giovanna Fletcher on how she's in a much better place after revealing her secret miscarriage Starry eyed! Queen Maxima opts for a heavily-embellished coat for another day of engagements with her glamorous guest, Argentina's First Lady Here comes the bridesmaid! Rachel Bilson shows off her perky cleavage in dramatic blush-coloured gown at friend's wedding Doing her duties  Made In Chelsea's Ryan was threatened by James the gentle giant - size-wise that is - and the cast voted for Binky to have a baby girl, as if it was Brexit Romeo Beckham, 14, shares a sweet moment with little sister Harper, five, as he gushes about their close relationship in family Instagram snaps  Kendall Jenner stuns in belted silk jacket (and not much else) as she poses with Lily Donaldson at Valerian teaser screening Always stands out PICTURED: Coronation Street's beloved Ken Barlow is hospitalised after plunging down a flight of stairs... but who pushed him? The end for Ken? First look at the new Lara Croft: Alicia Vikander takes over from Angelina Jolie in Tomb Raider remake as new photos and plot details emerge  TOWIE's Jon Clark ridicules fellow diners by referring to them as 'swingers' in humiliating Instagram Not exactly the Mr. Nice Guy image Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner enjoy smitten poppy field date... as it's revealed she isn't looking after her late mother Carrie Fisher's beloved bulldog Gary  Grizzled Casey Affleck is joined by screen daughter Anna Pniowsky as they shoot scenes for new drama Light Of My Life on Vancouver Island Heaven sent! Victoria's Secret Angel Jasmine Tookes stuns in a backless off-shoulder top and flares as she enjoys dinner date The return of killer Joe Miller, the wrath of Cath Atwood and Ed Burnett, plus THREE different rape suspects...The menace increased in Broadchurch Beware a clown with a red balloon! New creepy images from Stephen King's IT released and Pennywise is more sinister than ever Not clowning around Louis Tomlinson looks in high spirits while posing for selfies with fans in Miami...as he is set to appear in court over airport brawl at LAX Busy mommy! Blake Lively looks chic in newsboy cap as she rushes into cab... after Ryan Reynolds reveals he 'doesn't mind' her kissing other actors Eminem's daughter Hailie Scott, 21, stuns in latest Instagram photos... as it's revealed she's a normal college student 'It was fate': Ray Quinn reveals he has found love once again with school teacher Emily Fletcher insisting his four-year-old son Harry remains his 'priority' 'So thrilled'! Made In Chelsea parents-to-be Binky Felstead and JP finally confirm they are expecting a GIRL Delightedly announced news on Monday 'People think I'm gay': David Walliams admits 'life would be simpler' if he wasn't attracted to women... and doesn't know why people rule out same-sex romances Out of this world! Cara Delevingne shows off her long legs in futuristic outfit at screening for her sci-fi movie Valerian A very fashionable future  A sheer winner! Tyra Banks wears see-through lace pantsuit as she gears up for her new role as host of America's Got Talent New girl in town Double trouble! Heidi Klum shows off her long legs in purple mini as Mel B glitters in low-cut jumpsuit at America's Got Talent event Glam girls 'Deeply fake news but quite cute': Lorde reveals she was NOT at New Zealand dance party as impersonator fools partygoers Spitting image Happy Birthday Mommy! Fergie celebrates turning 42 with sung greetings from husband Josh Duhamel and their son Axl Bella Thorne tells fans she 'hates' being single before sharing saucy Snapchats from a night out with friends Known for being a serial dater 'I'll love him always': Stephanie Davis acknowledges ex Jeremy McConnell's arrest for first time... hours after he blocks her on Twitter Mommy and me! Charlize Theron shares a playful moment with her daughter August... returning home after a whirlwind week in Asia Just the two of us 'Never let go': Sofia Richie, 18, gets SEVENTH tattoo with a personal motto inked on her wrist Inking of going for a full collection? Start and end! Katie Maloney and Tom Schwartz wed as Scheana Marie plans for divorce on Vanderpump Rules Highs and lows 'It really means a lot': New dad Liam Payne, 23, returns to Twitter on behalf of girlfriend Cheryl, 33, to thank everyone for their 'love and support' Jessica Chastain strikes a sultry pose in cleavage-baring Alexander McQueen dress at the premiere of The Zookeeper's Wife Eye-popping display 'It's still very up in the air': Marnie Simpson affirms she did NOT cheat on ex Lewis Bloor... but she still 'cares' for him despite his womanising ways 'He's just the best guy': Ryan Gosling raves about co-star Harrison Ford while promoting Blade Runner sequel at CinemaCon  Seeing Angels! Victoria's Secret models Taylor Hill and Romee Strijd have lunch together in Hollywood They are the model lunch partners Gordon Ramsay's Nightly Show debut goes off air for THREE minutes... as ITV suffers technical glitch Another blow for the struggling show 'This isn't the last you've seen of me': Maksim Chmerkovskiy vows to return to DWTS alongside Heather Morris after calf injury keeps him on sidelines 'He's doing a f**king good job!' Gordon Ramsay's foul-mouthed Nightly Show debut divides viewers... as incorrect spelling of his name trends on Twitter Mark Francis helps Binky dress for pregnancy, Sam gets a drink chucked over him and Baby Felstead's gender is revealed on MIC  Noel Gallagher's 17-year-old daughter Anais recalls getting her first PONY aged seven and outlines hopes of Oscars win by 27 in candid interview There she blows! Kyra Sedgwick has a Marilyn Monroe moment as a gust of wind lifts up her skirt during outing with husband Kevin Bacon Wind beneath her skirt You have GOAT to be kid-ding me! Mary Berry, 82, is almost taken out by a farm animal as she tries to milk it on new baking series Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shows off his huge biceps in leather jacket as he promotes Jumanji reboot Bursting out of his leather jacket 'What's life without a sausage roll?' Vicky McClure refuses to move away from Greggs for Hollywood... as she gushes about life up North with Jonny Owen Home sweet home! Ronan Keating's wife Storm shows off her baby bump in a tight dress as she welcomes her happy husband at Sydney airport 'I had a $28,000 hotel bill': Cher claims the REAL reason she finally agreed to appear on David Letterman's show was for the paycheck Price of forgiveness Still going (Arm)strong! TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou packs on PDA in united display with beau James Lock... amid bitter feud with his taken ex Danielle Drake abruptly cancels Amsterdam concert on doctor's orders after falling 'sick'... as fans vent frustration on Twitter Blow to fans 'It looks dope': Prince Jackson shows off massive armour inspired tattoo on his chest after months of work Tattoo mad like his sister SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Martin Fowler left fuming as he tries to attack Preston after Michelle's sordid sex scandal is finally exposed Devon Windsor shows off her killer legs in tiny Daisy Dukes for photo shoot in Miami Showed exactly why she's a Victoria's Secret model Klass act! Myleene enjoys romantic night out with beau Simon Motson in dazzling one-shoulder gown as they lead the style at the English National Opera Making them green with envy! Julianne Hough dazzles on the red carpet in plunging emerald gown for Dancing With The Stars What a gem! 'It's not curable': Coleen Nolan breaks down as she reveals her 'incredible' elder sister Linda is battling cancer  Revealed latest family tragedy on TV Lucky Leo! DiCaprio's supermodel girlfriend Nina Agdal sends temperatures soaring as she slips into an array of steamy swimsuits A dog's life! Selma Blair takes her pooch Ducky for a day of pampering at the salon in Los Angeles The 44-year-old enjoyed a pamper session EXCLUSIVE - Beyonce's dad is sued for $50k after 'refusing to pay a legal bill and hiding profits he made auctioning off Destiny's Child memorabilia' Nigella Lawson's daughter Cosima Diamond, 23, is the spitting image of her famous mum, 57, as they enjoy a girls' night out at the theatre Greased Lightning strikes twice! John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John set to return as Sandy and Danny to mark 40 year anniversary of original SPOILER ALERT: Ste has blood on his hands as Amy is found DEAD on Hollyoaks... after threatening to take his children away to America Nancy Dell'Olio, 55, flaunts her toned figure in unique figure-hugging flared jumpsuit at Opera Gala She showed her sensational frame  'I saw the pain in my eyes': Dynasty star Linda Evans shocked by online leak of 'disturbing' 2014 DUI arrest footage Didn't recognise herself Lily Allen wryly smiles as she channels nineties chic in vintage woolly jumper following romantic night out with beau MC Meridian Dan in London She likes a man in the kitchen! Scarlett Johansson reveals her two celebrity crushes are Gordon Ramsay and Anthony Bourdain Leggy Lorde looks sophisticated in a kooky pinstripe dress as she delights fans in London with radio appearance She's a style Royal Meg Ryan bundles up as she has a girls' day out in NYC with daughter Daisy The 55-year-old actress kept off the chill on mother/daughter day Cor(rie) blimey! Busty Michelle Keegan flaunts her washboard abs and toned physique in a tiny coral crop top The former soap star looked abs-fab Has George Michael been buried under cover of darkness? Photo posted by boyfriend Fadi Fawaz sparks flurry of internet speculation 'Don your best bikini and slay': Sam Thompson slips into the same MINUSCULE bikini as his sister Louise as he once again mocks her holiday snaps  Jailbird Apollo Nida 'on the hunt for millions' after judge nullifies divorce from Real Housewives' Phaedra Parks Rocky road to divorce  Showing support! Laura Prepon accentuates baby bump in stripes at Netflix event with fiance Ben Foster Orange Is The New Baby Hello from the after-party! Adele lets loose on the dance floor in slip-on shoes and no makeup after revealing she may NEVER tour again   'She's a child': Katie Price comes under fire after sharing photo of daughter Princess, nine, posing in a bikini during idyllic Maldives holiday as fans defend her 'Wish I was that horse!' Actress Elsa Pataky posts hilarious snap of husband Chris Hemsworth cuddling up to a horse Horsing around Shabby Chanel chic for Kiera: Actress pairs jacket with Dr Martens on visit to east London cafe with her husband  Low-key look  Together again! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin arrive in style at chat show to promote new season of Netflix series Promoting second series of Grace and Frankie Katie Holmes looks stylish as she steps out in New York's Soho district dressed in a button-up coat and cat-eye glasses Will and graceful lady! Drew Barrymore's ex husband Kopelman dines out with mystery woman in LA He is footloose and fancy free once more Beautiful in blue! Debra Messing, 48, wows in body hugging navy gown to receive honors at New York gala Flaunted her delicate decolletage Jennifer Garner looks in good spirits on coffee run after VERY friendly church visit with ex Ben Affleck  Happy families  'I was in a lot of pain after those really violent scenes': Nicole Kidman reveals being hit by Alexander Skarsgard during Big Little Lies took a toll 'He was devastated': Nicole Kidman says husband Keith Urban was shocked at her bruises after sex scenes with Alexander Skarsgard His life is one big musical! Pharrell Williams' story will be transformed into song for the big screen  Happy singer will tell his tale  Glee vet Matthew Morrison 'will guest star on season 13 of Grey's Anatomy' as Dr Paul Stadler Famed for starring as lovable teacher Will Schuester Clem Curtis, the original lead singer of The Foundations, has died age 76 following a battle with cancer Grieving family announced on Monday Kim Kardashian dons tiny cropped top which showcases her rock hard abs in seductive Instagram snap SPOILER ALERT: Katie Cassidy returns to Arrow...as a different character than the one she started out playing Flex appeal! A muscular Justin Theroux shows off his ripped arms in edgy punk shirt leaving the gym Lucky Jennifer! 'My hero, my mentor': Shannen Doherty pays touching tribute to her late father to commemorate his birthday Passed away in 2009 Something's brewing! Samuel L. Jackson and Oscar Isaac team up as they film dramatic scene for Life Itself in New York 'I can confirm it's over': Simon Bird breaks Inbetweeners fans' hearts as he insists the series is finished forever  Fuller House star Jodie Sweetin's ex-fiance Justin Hodak 'arrested for violating restraining order against her' Restraining order requiring him to stay away from star Monday optional! Lea Michele beats of the start-of-the-week blues as she runs errands make-up free The 30-year-old actress wore a sleeveless tank  'I'm not commenting on it at all': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans refuses to address new co-star Briana DeJesus after 2014 Twitter row Getting close in Cancun! Supergirl star Melissa Benoist shows off her slender frame as she vacations with co-star Chris Wood 'Stop and frisky': Erika Jayne plays naughty motorist with Gleb Savchenko as officer on Dancing With The Stars A very arresting dance routine The look of love! Christine Lampard stares adoringly at husband Frank as they enjoy a sunny breakfast in Chelsea Still head over heels Coquettish, me? No, it was just down to clever editing, claims Nigella: TV cook says she did not understand the double entendres that helped make her name  Salmon by the sea: Love Island star Katie struggles to contain her curves in a skimpy snakeskin bikini as she hits the beach in Dubai On a girls' break 'In the bedroom she'll say, 'you can't do that to me, you're my big brother!'' Kyle and Jackie O are shocked as a listener reveals he had a baby with his SISTER  Danniella Westbrook emerges in Spain after revealing secret miscarriage and plans for rehab in Twitter outburst MIC's Tiffany Watson flaunts her enviably gym-honed figure in vibrant bikini as she joins Frankie Gaff for cheeky Instagram video in Mauritius Billie Lourd chooses NOT to attend public memorial for mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds as she had dinner with her father instead  I like the way you Rock'It Man: James Corden favours off-duty Elton John's favourite tracksuit and kooky specs look at Late Late Show filming Chip off the old block! Mike Comrie plays indoor hockey with son Luca as Hilary Duff films family fun for Snapchat Daring Dakota! Ms Johnson wears a Flaming Lips T-shirt with image of topless woman during solo shopping spree in West Hollywood Love in the air? Katy Perry, 32, and Ryan Phillippe, 42, 'totally flirting' at Elton John's 70th birthday bash Jerry Hall, 60, shows off her gorgeous figure in slinky lace gown as she cosies up to husband Rupert Murdoch, 86, at English National Opera gala 'She never spoiled herself': Angelina Jolie, 41, makes rare comments about her mother who died 10 years ago from cancer as she plugs Guerlain Jamie Oliver will visit Australia in May to launch new menu at his Jamie's Italian restaurants - after his company bought back the eateries She Khan't help herself! Curvy Chloe threatens to bust out of racy harness bra as she poses in negligee for the Geordie Shore boys' new brand Calls for Sir Patrick Stewart to appear on SNL as Kellyanne as old pictures of him in drag resurface looking UNCANNILY like Trump's counselor Conway  Wet hair, don't care! Nicole Kidman arrives at mother Janelle's house with Keith Urban sporting damp tresses... before leaving with her signature curls in a chic updo 'Hey guys, get out of my shot': Shirtless Chris Hemsworth steals the limelight as he photobombs his friend's romantic poolside snap The Rich Kids of Instagram are back in envy-inducing snaps of their early exotic holidays as they flaunt their figures in skimpy swimsuits Ruth Langsford suffers epic social media fail as she accidentally shares a VERY explicit photo alongside sweet Mother's Day tribute to her mum and sister 'The show will go ahead without him': Jeremy McConnell 'AXED from Ex On The Beach'... after arrest for allegedly assaulting ex Stephanie Davis Field of dreams for sale! Kevin Costner lists his sprawling Montecito property for $60million Fit to bust! Casey Batchelor threatens to spill out of tiny bikini top in eye-popping selfie... after saying her boobs have 'grown back' following breast reduction She's got chemistry! Make-up free Lily Collins proves she has effortless beauty down to a science during trip to gym 'Glad last week's over': Jeff Brazier says having Mother's Day and the anniversary of their mum Jade Goody's death is 'cruel blow' for his sons 'My skin is looking so good right now': Ashley James shows off new platinum locks as she goes make-up free in 'self-indulgent' post shower selfie Kendall Jenner flashes her nipples in extremely sheer bra as she puts on a daring display for Marilyn Monroe inspired shoot with Love Magazine Jemma Lucy bares all as she turns a hospital visit into a VERY racy shoot... after launching another foul-mouthed tirade at nemesis Charlotte Crosby Former TOWIE star Elliott Wright's fiancée Sadie Stuart puts on busty display in plunging lilac bikini as the couple enjoy getaway in Tenerife 'He likes what I like: cars, women, jewelry': Kylie Jenner's boyfriend Tyga on raising his 'spoiled' son King Cairo, four Vanessa Hudgens flaunts her impressive abs bin barely-there workout gear while leaving a gym in LA Envy-inducing middle  'Don't judge a book by its cover': Lindsay Lohan cloaks her head in white cloth in new Instagram after 'finding solace' while studying the Koran 'Saltwater hair': Kristin Cavallari bares her cleavage in string bikini during trip to Mexico after moving out of Illinois with husband Jay Cutler 'No big deal!': Kaley Cuoco enjoys beer in plunging top with boyfriend Karl Cook on day trip to Florida for Winter Equestrian Festival Gwyneth Paltrow proves her unusual health routines get results as she shows off natural beauty in Barcelona Kate Moss channels Parisian chic as she cuts a stylish figure in all black while catching up with best friend James Brown in London They won't get a ratings boost from Yeezy! Kanye West is 'NOT in talks to join Ryan Seacrest's revamped American Idol' It's a girl! Supernatural's Jared Padalecki and wife Genevieve Cortese welcome daughter Odette Elliott SPOILER ALERT: What about Ash? Pia Miller stuns in a summery frock as she films 'morning after' scenes for Home and Away with hunky tattooed co-star Jake Ryan Sarah Paulson may play Princess Diana on the next season of Feud which will focus on the royal's tempestuous relationship with Prince Charles Jeremy Kyle receives just £4 from more than 200 passers-by as he BEGS on the street while disguised as a homeless person for an 'extremely humbling' TV experiment 'There's an ache in my heart that never goes away': TOWIE's Carol Wright emotionally marks second Mother's Day without her mother Nanny Pat 'We're still friends': Darius Campbell confirms he and wife Natasha Henstridge are getting divorced despite briefly rekindling romance last year 'You had me at Merlot!': Eva Longoria wears funny statement top as she enjoys kisses from husband José Antonio Bastón Singer Sia wears giant pink bow and one of her quirky wigs to teach kids about the letter S alongside Grover on Sesame Street Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, March 28, 2017 11:59 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 25°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money US stocks slump as market digests Trump health setback Monday March 27, 2017 10:06 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Johnny Depp to star as John McAfee in ‘King of the Jungle’ The Edit: Hollande presents Michelle Yeoh with third award PKR: Wan Azizah may leave hospital soon, illness nothing serious The Edit: Noble son or killer? China court case prompts debate Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article About 10 minutes into trading, US stocks were solidly lower, a more decisive reaction to the surprise outcome in Congress compared with Friday, when the market finished the session mixed in the brief period of trading after the bill died. — Reuters picNEW YORK, March 27 — Wall Street stocks fell early today in the first full session since Republican leaders withdrew a US health care reform bill, dealing a major setback to President Donald Trump. About 10 minutes into trading, US stocks were solidly lower, a more decisive reaction to the surprise outcome in Congress compared with Friday, when the market finished the session mixed in the brief period of trading after the bill died.  The Dow Jones Industrial Average was at 20,427.39, down 0.8 per cent. The broad-based S&P 500 dropped 0.9 per cent to 2,324.07, as did the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index which was down to 5,774.65. Analysts said the demise of the health care replacement, Trump’s first major legislative effort, raised questions about the new president’s ability to advance the rest of his agenda. “The prospects for tax reform, regulatory change and fiscal stimulus have helped fuel the post-election market rally, but last week’s failed attempt at healthcare reform has put a dent in confidence around the administration’s ability to effectively accomplish those initiatives,” according to Briefing.com. Hospital stocks HCA and Universal Health Services rose 4.5 per cent and 3.2 per cent, respectively, as the chance of a major overhaul threatening federal programs key to their businesses subsided. But large banks fell again, with JPMorgan Chase losing 1.8 per cent and Goldman Sachs 2.7 per cent. The sector was one of the biggest beneficiaries of post-election investor bullishness, on the hopes of tax cuts and regulatory reform. Dow Chemical shed 0.6 per cent and DuPont 0.5 per cent as European Union antitrust authorities approved the US$130 billion (RM573.4 billion) merger of the two companies, provided DuPont sells “major parts” of its global pesticides business. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Najib: Peugeot, Proton in talks on possible partnership Tesco to pay £214m to settle false accounting charges Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Nothing in this region comes close to Pengerang Jack Ma: DFTZ will be a Malaysian-run business Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Wall Street set to open slightly lower over Trump’s policy stumble Trump to Russia-linked ex-advisors: Keep your distance (VIDEO) Trump’s childhood home fetches tidy sum for savvy New York investor Trump tax plan faces rockier road after bruising healthcare loss Toshiba wants Westinghouse to file for bankruptcy as early as today? Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Federated Investors Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Federated Investors Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Las Vegas Sands Corp.’s (LVS) Buy Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Given a $16.00 Price Target at Scotiabank RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Given a $51.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Given a $156.00 Price Target at Scotiabank ConocoPhillips (COP) Given a $53.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Given a $33.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Wolseley plc (WOS) Plans GBX 36.67 Dividend Card Factory PLC (CARD) to Issue GBX 6.30 Dividend Moss Bros Group plc (MOSB) to Issue Dividend Increase – GBX 3.98 Per Share Scotiabank Reiterates $164.00 Price Target for Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Scotiabank Analysts Give Chevron Co. (CVX) a $114.00 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Rice Energy Inc (RICE) a $30.00 Price Target NewCastle Gold Ltd (NCA) Given a C$1.50 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 3,600 Shares ClearStream Energy Services Inc (CSM) Director Paul Emery Bourque Purchases 100,000 Shares Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Castlight Health Inc (CSLT) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Federated Investors Inc (FII) Director Sells $60,040.44 in Stock March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Federated Investors Inc (NYSE:FII) Director Gordon J. Ceresino sold 2,349 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $25.56, for a total value of $60,040.44. Following the sale, the director now owns 185,736 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,747,412.16. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Federated Investors Inc (NYSE:FII) opened at 25.50 on Monday. Federated Investors Inc has a 52-week low of $24.52 and a 52-week high of $33.13. The firm has a market cap of $2.50 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.56 and a beta of 1.54. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $26.50 and a 200 day moving average price of $27.85. Federated Investors (NYSE:FII) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.52 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.51 by $0.01. Federated Investors had a net margin of 18.26% and a return on equity of 32.01%. The business had revenue of $289.90 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $294.38 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.46 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 19.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that Federated Investors Inc will post $1.96 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/federated-investors-inc-fii-director-sells-60040-44-in-stock.html. A number of institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in FII. Sawgrass Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Federated Investors by 13.4% in the third quarter. Sawgrass Asset Management LLC now owns 8,650 shares of the company’s stock valued at $256,000 after buying an additional 1,025 shares during the last quarter. First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. acquired a new position in shares of Federated Investors during the third quarter valued at $384,000. Clarkston Capital Partners LLC boosted its position in shares of Federated Investors by 5.2% in the third quarter. Clarkston Capital Partners LLC now owns 2,099,629 shares of the company’s stock valued at $62,212,000 after buying an additional 104,380 shares during the last quarter. Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Federated Investors during the third quarter valued at $501,000. Finally, Great West Life Assurance Co. Can boosted its position in shares of Federated Investors by 1.4% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 3,379,407 shares of the company’s stock valued at $100,001,000 after buying an additional 45,694 shares during the last quarter. 76.42% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. A number of equities analysts have weighed in on FII shares. Jefferies Group LLC raised Federated Investors from an “underperform” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $11.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Friday. Zacks Investment Research raised Federated Investors from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, January 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “underweight” rating on shares of Federated Investors in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Citigroup Inc lowered their price target on Federated Investors from $28.50 to $28.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and five have issued a hold rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $26.71. Federated Investors Company Profile Federated Investors, Inc (Federated) is a provider of investment management products and related financial services. The Company is engaged in sponsoring, marketing and providing investment-related services to various investment products, including mutual funds and Separate Accounts, which include separately managed accounts, institutional accounts, sub-advised funds and other managed products, in both domestic and international markets. Receive News & Ratings for Federated Investors Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Federated Investors Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Tuesday, March 28, 2017  |  Jumada Al Thani 29, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Apicorp sees reforms opening the region up for investors Anthony McAuley Follow @AnthonyMcAuley2 March 27, 2017 Updated: March 27, 2017 08:40 PM Related Saudi Arabia revises oil tax in big step towards reform and IPO WoodMac says heldging could prolong oil glut Energy projects worth $622 billion could come up in Mena and Iran GCC can be a pioneer with smarter smelters and power plants Egypt to cut energy subsidies further after securing IMF loan Related Saudi Arabia revises oil tax in big step towards reform and IPO WoodMac says heldging could prolong oil glut Energy projects worth $622 billion could come up in Mena and Iran GCC can be a pioneer with smarter smelters and power plants The Arab Petroleum Investments Corporation (Apicorp) expects the Middle East and North Africa (Mena) region to open up to new investment opportunities as countries in the region push through reforms in an effort to prepare their economies for a post-oil world. "The Saudi Aramco [IPO] and Vision 2030 have really created a lot of opportunities, and not just limited to Saudi Arabia," said Bennie Burger, the head of corporate strategy and investments at Apicorp. "Investors and banks are having another look at how things have been done and how privatised companies can do things in different ways," he said. Goldman Sachs is one of the many fin­ancial services players that have flocked to Saudi Arabia in search of business related to the Aramco IPO – which has so far been only vaguely sketched out by the government – as well as other mandates that might emanate from the reforms that are integral to the kingdom’s Vision 2030 programme. On Sunday, Apicorp announced a partnership with Goldman Sachs whereby the bank’s New York energy private equity team will advise Apicorp and other investors on energy co-investments, mainly outside the Mena region, Mr Burger said. Apicorp was founded in 1975 by the 10 member countries of Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries with a mandate to make commercial investments that will also bring strategic benefit to its members. The bank had assets of US$5.65 billion at the end of 2015. It had invested exclusively within Mena until last spring, when it bought the UK-based Ashtead Technology, which specialises in sub-sea technology and services for energy companies, for an undisclosed amount in a co-investment with Buckthorn Partners, a private equity firm run by former Weatherford and BP executive Nicholas Gee. Mr Burger said Apicorp set a new strategy four years ago with objectives that included investing outside Mena, the transfer of technology to the energy sector in its member countries, as well as acquiring private equity skills through partnerships and co-investments such as the Goldman tie-up and the Buckthorn co-investment. The amount that will be invested via the Goldman deal – which will include other as yet unnamed investors – was not disclosed, but Mr Burger said it was likely to be below $1bn in total. Goldman Sachs is one of the many banks rumoured to have been asked to pitch the Saudi government for a role in the prospective Aramco IPO since last year’s announcement by the Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman galvanised interest. In the past month, two "boutique" New York investment banks – Moelis & Co and Evercore – were widely reported to have been given advisory roles for the Aramco IPO, although no party has officially confirmed that. Other unsourced reports have said the banks asked to pitch for a role in the IPO include Goldman, HSBC, Credit Suisse, Morgan Stanley, Citigroup and JP Morgan Chase. Banking in the region has generally been contracting as lending has been squeezed by the oil price slump. But the investment advisory side of the business has been increasing amid the government reforms, with Evercore the latest reported to be setting up a regional headquarters in Dubai. On Sunday, Bloomberg reported that Goldman Sachs had begun the process to get a licence to deal directly in Saudi Arabian equities, as a qualified foreign investor (QFI). Goldman was also one of the banks that arranged the Saudi government’s record-breaking $17.5bn international bond issue. Citibank and Credit Suisee also are among those rumoured to have applied for a QFI licence, while the latter said last month it has committed $600 million to expand investments in the kingdom. amcauley@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Economy Commercial property sales subject to VAT from next year – but residential is exempt Future of Industry: Digital era opens up opportunities for manufacturing in the UAE Health and education firms can reclaim VAT Trump’s strategy poses increased risks worldwide MOST VIEWED Business | All Hyperpanda to shutter its doors in Dubai Festival City Amazon announces agreement to buy Souq.com Emirates mulls loaning laptops to passengers amid US ban UAE petrol prices to fall in April Future of industry: UAE to become home to region’s first microfactories Future of Industry: LED World turns to its own cash reserves to expand Commercial property sales subject to VAT from next year – but residential is exempt Devoted UAE residents finding ways to monetise their popular Facebook groups Arabtec chief says a shake-up is on the way Emaar Malls confirms $800m bid for Souq.com More Most Viewed Hyperpanda to shutter its doors in Dubai Festival City Fourteen years after Iraq, we still don't know the truth of what happened Reckless driver ordered to clean Abu Dhabi streets in first community service sentence ‘I could not see them dead:’ Emirati family who lost brothers in car crash tell of shock Dinosaur footprint found in Australia may be world’s largest Outrage erupts in Oman after judge gives child rapist minimum sentence Lionel Messi ‘sad’ and Argentina ‘angry’ after Barcelona star banned for ‘insulting’ assistant referee Cloud seeding may have increased the amount of rain across the UAE Amazon announces agreement to buy Souq.com More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Emirates mulls loaning laptops to passengers amid US ban Devoted UAE residents finding ways to monetise their popular Facebook groups Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Outrage erupts in Oman after judge gives child rapist minimum sentence Emaar Malls confirms $800m bid for Souq.com Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video MOVES-MUFG, JP Morgan Asset Management, Walker Crips Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Mon Mar 27, 2017 | 8:42am EDT MOVES-MUFG, JP Morgan Asset Management, Walker Crips March 27 The following financial services industry appointments were announced on Monday. To inform us of other job changes, email moves@thomsonreuters.com. MITSUBISHI UFJ FINANCIAL GROUP INC The financial services company named Louis L'Heureux head of financial sponsors for its leveraged finance division in the Europe, Middle East and Africa region. JP MORGAN ASSET MANAGEMENT JPMorgan's asset management unit named Nicki Hayden head of sales executives and Stephen McCall business development manager within its UK funds business. WALKER CRIPS GROUP PLC The financial services firm appointed Clive Bouch as a non-executive director to its board. (Compiled by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru) Next In Market News BRIEF-SANCHEZ PRODUCTION PARTNERS LP SAYS BOARD ELECTED PATRICIO SANCHEZ AS PRESIDENT * BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF GENERAL PARTNER OF SPP HAS ELECTED PATRICIO SANCHEZ AS PRESIDENT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: BRIEF-Albertsons Companies adds liquid eggs to cage-free commitment * Adding retail liquid eggs to its commitment to exclusively source cage-free eggs by 2025 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse A Cautionary Tale On Bank Loan ETFs Todd Shriber, ETF Professor , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 27, 2017 8:20am   Comments Share: Related BKLN PowerShares Launches 4 Multi-Asset ETFs Gold Miners, Retail And Qualcomm: Fast Money Picks For November 3 U.S. interest rates are moving higher, but investors are still searching for income-generating assets. A popular avenue for income investors looking to cope with rising rates has been bank loans or senior loans — an asset class made increasingly accessible by exchange-traded funds such as the PowerShares Senior Loan Portfolio (NYSE: BKLN). Floating rate notes and senior loans are unique in that their yield is tied to a benchmark such as LIBOR, rather than being fixed. Loans are also higher on the capital structure than other unsecured obligations, and some even carry floors to insure you earn a respectable yield even if rates stay low. Their coupon rate typically resets every 90 days, resulting in a duration shorter than three months, Benzinga reported. Investor Strategy So, one way of looking at an ETF such as BKLN, which is passively managed and the largest of the senior loan ETFs in the United States, is that allows income to investors to have their cake and eat it, too. BKLN, which tracks the S&P/LSTA U.S. Leveraged Loan 100 Index, reduces rate risk and has a 30-Day SEC yield of 2.72 percent. That is a nice level of income to get to lower rate risk. Still, that does not mean BKLN and senior loans are free lunches. “While its interest-rate risk is low, its credit risk is high. Most of the fund’s assets are invested in below-investment-grade loans,” said Morningstar in a recent note. “As of February 2017, the average default rate from 2002 to 2017 for high-yield loans was 3.3 percent, according to JPMorgan and S&P. The minimum initial spread must be 125 basis points over Libor to be included in this fund. Thus, despite its short duration, the fund offered a yield of 2.7 percent in February 2017.” Addressing Familiar Concerns A familiar critique of high-yield bond funds is that they could be vulnerable in liquidity events. While that notion has met with some well-founded opposition as it pertains to traditional junk bond ETFs, liquidity concerns linger for senior loans. “Senior loans’ illiquidity creates challenges for the fund. There is a liquidity mismatch because the fund must provide daily liquidity, while there is no set time limit to settle senior-loan trades. In fact, it took 17 days on average to complete a senior-loan trade during the second quarter of 2016, per Markit,” said Morningstar. “The fund employs various measures to address the liquidity risk. It allocates roughly 10 percent of its assets to cash and more-liquid high-yield bonds. The rest of the assets are skewed toward the most-liquid and largest loans. It also has a line of credit for emergency liquidity events.” Still, investors have added $4.8 billion to BKLN over the past year, more than double the inflows to the second-place PowerShares ETF. Related Links: Corporate Bond ETFs Remain Popular An Asset Class For Rising Rates Posted-In: Long Ideas Bonds Specialty ETFs Top Stories Economics Federal Reserve Markets Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BKLN) PowerShares Launches 4 Multi-Asset ETFs View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on BKLN Trending Recent 1 COGT, CALM: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 WBA, RAD: Baird Updates Its View On Walgreen's With New Rite-Aid As... 3 ABCO, GIII: Stocks To Watch For March 27, 2017 4 SBUX, SPWH: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades F... 5 SVU, IBM: Benzinga's Picks And Pans: IB... 6 GM, KO: Here's Every Major Corp... 7 ZYNE, GIII: Earnings Scheduled... 1 AMZN: Amazon Confirms It Won The Battle To Acquire Souq.com 2 FDS, CMC: A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Edge Lower Ahead Of Econ... 3 DOW, DD: Wall Street's M&A Chatter From March 27: Dow-DuPont,... 4 MON, BABA: Alibaba, Monsanto, Red Hat: Fast Money Picks For March 28 5 MCD, PZZA: Jim Cramer Shares His Thoughts On Papa John... 6 XLP, PG: Kevin Kelly's Consumer Staples Trade 7 SPY: Dan Nathan's SPDR S&P 50... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session Apple Just Won A Patent Dispute In China
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A 300-year-old British bank is muscling in on Wall Street Portia Crowe Mar. 27, 2017, 8:05 AM 8,257 facebook linkedin twitter email print Barclays' head of the corporate and investment bank in the Americas, John Miller. Barclays Barclays, the 300-year-old British financial institution, is doubling down on investment banking in the US. The firm finished 2016 ranked fifth in the US for fees from advising on acquisitions and equity and debt deals excluding self-led transactions, where banks lead a deal to issue their own debt, according to Dealogic. That represents an improvement on 2015, when it finished sixth, and delivers bragging rights. Barclays is the top-ranked non-US-domiciled investment bank in the US market, and it is going toe-to-toe with the big-five American banks. But John Miller, who is head of Barclays' corporate and investment bank in the Americas, wants to ditch that line for a simpler, more straightforward one. "Our narrative needs to be: 'We are a top, fifth-ranked firm in the US' investment banking market — period," he recently told Business Insider. "The Americas is super important — it's a huge chunk of the wallet that we all play for. For Barclays in particular we rely heavily on this market, so therefore it is a must-win market for us." About 2 1/2 years ago, Barclays' US investment-banking team embarked on a client-tiering exercise, with every product and industry group head identifying the most important clients they needed to dominate to enter the top five in fee share in their space. They then compared notes to ensure that the entire organization was working together to support those clients — from risk solutions to lending to strategic advice. Miller and his team have also been strategically hiring star bankers in the US. In his view, hiring smart people translates directly into fee share gain. The firm has made more than a dozen big hires in the past two years across M&A, retail, financial institutions, financial sponsors, healthcare, industrials, and tech, media, and telecom banking, including Tony Whittemore, Tim Main, Christopher Turner, and Peter Cohen. Barclays CEO Jes Staley. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson In some cases, that's already started to pay off. Barclays was the lead sell-side adviser on Mars Inc.'s January deal for VCA Animal Hospitals, a role the firm announced 18 months after hiring the healthcare banker Todd Richter from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. He has had a relationship with VCA's chief executive, Bob Antin, for 30 years, Miller said. "The hiring that we've done evidences the support that we've gotten for the business from our CEO," Miller said. Barclay's CEO is Jes Staley, a Boston-born investment banker who spent more than three decades at JPMorgan, eventually becoming CEO of the investment bank, before taking over as Barclays' chief executive in 2015 after a brief stint at a hedge fund. Miller said Staley has been a key player in the investment bank's comeback story. "The evolution of this business has been underway for some period of time," Miller said. "The difference is when you have a CEO sitting at the top of the business who really understands what you do and can speak to the troops and the press and the regulators and the clients in an authoritative and consistent way about his understanding and appreciation for what the business is." In fact, Staley even joins senior bankers in pitching business to clients, Miller said. "Jes understands that business [Americas banking]; he understands how to attract and retain talent in that world and he loves the client business, so he is on the field with us — out in front of clients on a regular basis — and has really been a part of our story," Miller said, adding that Staley is willing to help at a moment's notice. "I can literally call Jes at 2 — and I have by the way — in the afternoon on a Sunday and have him on the phone with a CEO at 4," he said. Barclays' US headquarters in the former Lehman Brothers building in Manhattan. REUTERS/Eric Thayer Staley worked in corporate finance, equity capital markets, private banking, and asset management throughout his more than three decades at JPMorgan before joining the hedge fund BlueMountain Capital in 2013. With an improved roster of top bankers and a CEO behind him, Miller and his team are setting their sights on their rivals. "We are completely set up where we want to be — it's all about taking share now," Miller said, adding that unlike some of his firm's European rivals, which are restructuring right now, "We moved early." His strategy, now, is pretty straightforward: "You've got to have a team that is cohesive, that's been together for a long time, that trusts one another, and has knit together a cultural fabric across the platform, across product, across industry, and across geography ... And you've got to have an organization where the group leadership gets it and wants to empower that team to win. And then it's just all about running a consistent play with our clients." SEE ALSO: Morgan Stanley's president just explained the bank's 'WTF moment' NOW WATCH: These are the watches worn by some of the most powerful men in finance Loading video... More: Barclays Wall Street Investment Banks investment banking facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A 300-year-old British bank is muscling in on Wall Street A 300-year-old British bank is muscling in on Wall Street Barclays, the 300-year-old British financial... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Siemens Pledges Commitment to U.K. Despite 'Unclear' Brexit by Oliver Sachgau More stories by Oliver Sachgau and Aaron Ricadela More stories by Aaron Ricadela March 27, 2017, 6:56 AM EDT Siemens U.K. CEO says Britain remains important market Comments come during visit from London deputy mayor to Berlin Brexit: What Happens Once Article 50 Is Triggered? Siemens AG says it’s going to continue to invest into its London and U.K. operations despite the “unclear” future following Britain’s decision to leave the European Union. Siemens U.K. Chief Executive Officer Juergen Maier, visiting Berlin with Rajesh Agrawal, London’s deputy mayor for business, said London specifically is an important part of the future for Europe’s largest engineering company. Juergen Maier Photographer: Simon Dawson/Bloomberg “While the exact terms of the U.K.’s exit from the European Union are unclear, we are committed to London in the long-term,” Maier said in a statement. “London remains a leading center for innovation and technology and we see many opportunities for collaboration on talent, digitalization and investment.” Siemens didn’t announce any new spending or projects in the U.K., but noted its current investments, like a rail project set to deliver 1,400 carriages in London, and its global center for sustainable city technology, located in the U.K. capital. The comments come as companies grapple with how to plan for a future where the U.K. is no longer part of the EU. Nine months after Britain voted to leave the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May is planning to begin the divorce proceedings with the EU on March 29. Siemens competitor Schneider Electric SA is preparing job cuts in Britain amid an uncertain outlook for construction and infrastructure markets, while JPMorgan Chase & Co. is scouting ways to move operations out of the country. ‘Minor Nuisances’ For Walldorf, Germany-based SAP, Brexit can create "minor nuisances" including crimped IT spending by customers, more difficulty relocating employees, and tweaks to the local accounting rules embedded in its software, chief financial officer Luka Mucic said this month. Conversely, Deutsche Bank announced on Friday it would sign a long-term lease on new U.K. headquarters in London. Tech companies have also been vocal about their commitment to the country. Alphabet Inc. is investing 1 billion pounds ($1.26 billion) into a new headquarters in London, while Facebook Inc. announced 500 additional jobs in the city in November.  Siemens has been investing in technology for managing traffic, energy production and other infrastructure in cities while its European competitors add more computing and software expertise. Agrawal is also set to announce investment from Berlin and London startups, as well as cross-border agreements between companies in both countries. Among them are Berlin-based Auticon, which employs people on the autism spectrum as consultants. The company is announcing 20 additional jobs in London, adding to the 120 it employs in the U.K., Germany and France. The U.K. drew more venture-capital investment last year than the next four European countries combined, according to an annual study released Wednesday from Tech City U.K. Venture-capital firms invested 6.8 billion pounds into Britain last year, almost five times more than in Germany. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tesla Model 3 Ramp Up Aims to Crush BMW and Mercedes These Charts Show Alarm Bells Ringing on the Trump Trade U.S. Travel Industry Fears a ‘Lost Decade’ Under Trump Lockheed’s $29 Billion Copter Poised to Win Pentagon’s Approval Risk Rout Eases as U.S. Stocks, Dollar Trim Losses: Markets Wrap Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Toggle navigation FxPips News Bitcoin News Commodities News Company News CryptoCurrency News Economic Indicators News Forex News Litecoin News Market News Stock Market News Technology News World News Bitcoin Technical Analysis Fundamental Analysis Reports Technical Analysis Reports Education Trade Setups Forex Brokers Binary Brokers Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Charts Bitcoin eBook Bitcoin News Bitcoin News Widget Bitcoin Technical Analysis Live Charts Signals Calendar / Company News / Market News / News / Stock News / New York Stocks Exchange Most Active Shares, March 27 New York Stocks Exchange Most Active Shares, March 27 posted by Chris Miranda on March 27, 2017 at 11:39 am New York Stocks Exchange Most Active Shares, March 27   Bank of America (NYSE: BAC) last traded with 111,519,970 shares. The stock closed at $23.12 up 0.05 percent.   Ford Motor (NYSE: F) last traded with 43,229,997 shares. The stock closed at $11.62 down 0.05 percent.   ArcelorMittal ADR (NYSE: MT) last traded with 39,033,239 shares. The stock closed at $8.29 down 0.32 percent.   Chesapeake Energy (NYSE: CHK) last traded with 30,648,226 shares. The stock closed at $5.22 up 0.13 percent.   General Electric (NYSE: GE) last traded with 26,541,111 29.72 up 0.10 percent.   Vale ADR (NYSE: VALE) last traded with 26,466,035 shares. The stock closed at $9.30 down 0.02 percent.   Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) last traded with 26,242,673 shares. The stock closed at $34.00 down 0.29 percent.   Petroleo Brasileiro ADR (NYSE: PBR) last traded with 25,152,808 shares. The stock closed at $9.06 up 0.01 percent.   Wells Fargo (NYSE: WFC) last traded with 20,479,055 shares. The stock closed at $55.83 up 0.58 percent.   Weatherford International (NYSE: WFT) last traded with 18,436,397 shares. The stock closed at $5.89 up 0.02 percent.   Snap (NYSE: SNAP) last traded with 17,211,369 shares. The stock closed at $22.74 down 0.39 percent.   Ambev ADR (NYSE: ABEV) last traded with 16,672,208 shares. The stock closed at $5.61 up 0.08 percent.   General Motors (NYSE: GM) last traded with 16,103,980 shares. The stock closed at $34.56 up 0.30 percent.   GameStop Cl A (NYSE: GME) last traded with 15,902,380 shares. The stock closed at $20.70 down 3.26 percent.   United States Steel (NYSE: X) last traded with 15,616,803 shares. The stock closed at $32.82 down 1.20 percent.   JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM) last traded with 15,566,269 shares. The stock closed at $87.29 down 0.10 percent.   Twitter (NYSE: TWTR) last traded with 15,300,477 shares. The stock closed at $15.14 up 0.21 percent.   Regions Financial (NYSE: RF) last traded with 14,238,163 shares. The stock closed at $14.23 unchanged.   Nike Cl B (NYSE: NKE) last traded with 13,927,547 shares. The stock closed at $56.36 up 0.99 percent.   AT&T (NYSE: T) last traded with 13,764,871 shares. The stock closed at $41.68 up 0.03 percent.     About Chris Miranda Chris writes mostly about the latest in the stock market, finance, tech and business. View all posts by Chris Miranda → Top Forex Brokers Top Binary Brokers 1 FXGiants Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 2 Trade 24 Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 3 Trading Banks Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 4 NSFX Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 1 OptioNow Real Account Read Reviews 2 Optionrally 24 Real Account Read Reviews Follow Us Newsletter Signup Popular Posts Zcash, the New Cryptocurrency, Makes “Deafening” Entry, Threatens Bitcoin, Ethereum Company Earnings Report, as of Nov. 4, 2016 Global Forex Pairs Trading – Europe & Americas, as of 2:25 a.m. Eastern Composite Leading Pct Declining Stocks, Jan. 10 VITAL Stocks: NYSE Most Active, Feb. 20 – BAC, S, UN, UL, AUY, PFE, F, VALE, FCX, T, VZ, GE, MGM, AVP, CHK, NE, CLF, AKS, BKD, WFT Advertisement ABOUT US CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISE SITEMAP PARTNERS © 2017 FxPips.com. All rights reserved. Risk Disclaimer: Trading foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to trade foreign exchange you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts. × Read previous post: Exchange-Listed Securities Top Gainers, NYSE ARCA, March 27 Summary Exchange-Listed Securities Top Gainers, NYSE ARCA, March 27 Summary   AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total...Close
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Get There Wells Fargo rolls out card-free access at all of its ATMs The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Jonnelle Marte By Jonnelle Marte March 27 Follow @jonnelle Wells Fargo has upgraded all 13,000 of its ATMs to allow customers to access their funds using their cellphones instead of traditional bank cards. (Patrick Sison/Associated Press) Left your wallet at home? You may still be able to grab some cash. Starting on Monday, Wells Fargo will be the first major U.S. bank to offer a card-free option at all of its ATMs. The bank’s customers will be able to use their smartphones to access any of the bank’s 13,000 ATMs. Other major U.S. banks have rolled out card-free ATMs in limited locations. Here’s how it works: Customers must download and log into the Wells Fargo app on their smartphones and request an eight-digit code, which they can type into an ATM instead of inserting a debit card. Next, they enter their PIN, just as they would if they were using their cards. Wells Fargo is offering the cardless option at a time when consumers are increasingly comfortable with using their phones to check their balances, deposit checks and transfer cash, says Jonathan Velline, head of branch and ATM banking for Wells Fargo. Using the phone to tap into an ATM is a logical next step, he says. The card-free option can be more secure than using a debit card, Velline says, because it reduces the chance that fraudsters can steal and copy the numbers on your debit card. The smartphone app generates a unique code that expires within 30 minutes. Plus, consumers using the app have to prove their identity on their smartphones — either by providing their thumb print or by typing in their online banking password — in addition to entering their PIN numbers. (With your physical debit card, you only need to provide the PIN code.) Consumers can expect to see more cardless ATMs over the next couple of years. JPMorgan Chase is testing the technology at some locations, while Bank of America has introduced a card-free option at about half of its ATMs. For Bank of America, some machines currently accept mobile wallet programs, such as Apple Pay and Android Pay. Consumers need to only tap their smartphones on or near the ATM, provide their passcode or thumbprint on the phone, and then enter their PINs into the ATM. Wells Fargo says it is upgrading its ATMs to incorporate the digital phone readers and hopes to make the mobile wallet technology more widely available throughout this year and next year. Banks are also working on programs that can help people cue up transactions even before they reach the ATM. For example, Bank of America said it is rolling out a service this summer that lets customers use their smartphone apps to say how much money they want to withdraw and what kinds of bills they need. Then they show up at an ATM, sign in and collect the cash. (Requests expire within 24 hours.) Use of the card-free options is still in the early stages, says Sarah Grotta, who heads the debit card research for Mercator Advisory Group, a payments research firm. Consumers have been slow to use mobile wallet options such as Apple Pay, so it may be awhile before most people leave their debit cards at home, she says. Still, she expects the technology will catch on. “People are interested in doing more with their phones,” Grotta says. “So eventually we will get there.” Read more: What Lin-Manuel Miranda wished he knew about money in his 20s Amazon Echo users can now ask Alexa to pay their credit card Uber rides, fancy lounges and other ways credit cards are fighting to win your business business get-there get-there true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 10+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Jonnelle Marte is a reporter covering personal finance. She was previously a writer for MarketWatch and the Wall Street Journal. Follow @jonnelle 14 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Analysis Spiders could theoretically eat every human on Earth in one year 2 A look at how Trump’s moves on coal will affect the industry 3 One of the most troubling ideas about climate change just found new evidence in its favor 4 Republicans are poised to roll back landmark FCC privacy rules. Here’s what you need to know. 5 Trump tosses Obama’s ‘clean’ energy plan, embraces coal Market Watch DJIA 0.8% NASDAQ 0.7% Get quote Last Update: 3:30 PM 03/28/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business get-there get-there Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Michaels Companies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Michaels Companies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Berenberg Bank Begins Coverage on Cranswick plc (CWK) Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Pagegroup PLC (PAGE) ATN International Inc (atni) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 29th Bernard G. Brautigan Sells 28,434 Shares of Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Stock Premier Foods Plc’s (PFD) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Shore Capital Reiterates Hold Rating for Tesco PLC (TSCO) Sirius Minerals PLC (SXX) Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital Cineworld Group plc (CINE) Price Target Increased to GBX 630 by Analysts at Canaccord Genuity Zacks: Analysts Set $20.00 Price Target for Saratoga Investment Corp (SAR) Zacks: Analysts Set $14.00 Price Target for CBIZ, Inc. (CBZ) Analysts Expect Red Lion Hotels Co. (RLH) to Announce ($0.24) Earnings Per Share Barrington Research Downgrades NutriSystem Inc. (NTRI) to Market Perform Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Downgrades First Horizon National Corp (FHN) to Hold HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Insider Douglas J. Flint Buys 23 Shares Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT (EARN) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 29th Analysts Anticipate WSFS Financial Co. (WSFS) to Announce $0.60 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “” from Brokerages Stifel Financial Corp (SF) Cut to C+ at TheStreet Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Purchases 1,047 Shares of Michaels Companies Inc (MIK) March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System raised its position in shares of Michaels Companies Inc (NASDAQ:MIK) by 2.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 42,708 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,047 shares during the period. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System’s holdings in Michaels Companies were worth $873,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors have also modified their holdings of MIK. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its stake in shares of Michaels Companies by 15.3% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 22,865,977 shares of the company’s stock worth $552,671,000 after buying an additional 3,033,594 shares during the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Michaels Companies by 2.4% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 5,266,198 shares of the company’s stock worth $127,276,000 after buying an additional 121,788 shares during the last quarter. Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P. boosted its stake in shares of Michaels Companies by 47.6% in the third quarter. Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P. now owns 2,542,325 shares of the company’s stock worth $61,447,000 after buying an additional 820,310 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in shares of Michaels Companies by 8.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 2,486,248 shares of the company’s stock worth $60,093,000 after buying an additional 190,785 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Reinhart Partners Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Michaels Companies by 58.5% in the third quarter. Reinhart Partners Inc. now owns 1,052,708 shares of the company’s stock worth $25,444,000 after buying an additional 388,542 shares during the last quarter. Michaels Companies Inc (NASDAQ:MIK) opened at 21.96 on Monday. The company has a market cap of $4.15 billion, a PE ratio of 12.06 and a beta of 1.01. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $21.04 and a 200 day moving average of $22.43. Michaels Companies Inc has a 12-month low of $19.00 and a 12-month high of $31.36. Michaels Companies (NASDAQ:MIK) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, March 7th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.95 by $0.01. Michaels Companies had a net margin of 7.15% and a negative return on equity of 22.27%. The company had revenue of $1.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.76 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.87 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 4.1% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Michaels Companies Inc will post $2.12 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/27/state-board-of-administration-of-florida-retirement-system-purchases-1047-shares-of-michaels-companies-inc-mik.html. MIK has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. Raymond James Financial, Inc. cut shares of Michaels Companies from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Michaels Companies from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Michaels Companies from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Guggenheim reissued a “buy” rating and set a $30.00 target price (down previously from $33.00) on shares of Michaels Companies in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, Bank of America Corp raised shares of Michaels Companies from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $28.00 target price on the stock in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $29.27. In related news, EVP Philo Pappas sold 32,020 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $22.00, for a total value of $704,440.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 41,435 shares in the company, valued at $911,570. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Blackstone Management Associat sold 18,000,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, January 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $21.28, for a total transaction of $383,040,000.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 18,070,774 shares of company stock worth $384,601,678 in the last 90 days. 1.50% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Michaels Companies Company Profile The Michaels Companies, Inc is North America’s specialty provider of arts, crafts, framing, floral, wall decor, and seasonal merchandise for the hobbyist and do-it-yourself home decorator. As of February 27, 2016, the Company owned and operated more than 1,340 stores in 49 states and Canada under the brands Michaels, Aaron Brothers and Pat Catan’s. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MIK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Michaels Companies Inc (NASDAQ:MIK). Receive News & Ratings for Michaels Companies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Michaels Companies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Angela Merkel toughens her position on Brexit Emmanuel Macron’s Rothschild years make him an easy election target Millions of expats caught in Brexit no man’s land British airlines warned over post-Brexit flight restrictions Japan’s business lobby issues fresh Brexit warning to Theresa May US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Trump to unwind Obama actions on climate change Senate committee to question Jared Kushner on Russia ties Critic of World Bank and IMF eyed for key role at Treasury Exxon urges Trump to keep US in Paris climate accord Three puzzles of the financial markets’ tug of war Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read British airlines warned over post-Brexit flight restrictions Bill Gross settles feud with Pimco for $81m WhatsApp row explained: backdoors and bad guys Paulson & Co hedge fund manager dead in an apparent suicide Two big Tesco shareholders come out against Booker takeover Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Markets shudder after US healthcare debacle Bloomberg suffers rare drop in terminal numbers as banks cut back Hedge fund closures hold nuggets for stock market investors Trafigura tests blockchain for settling US oil market deals Wall St pares losses as equity bulls fight back Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Brexit reinforces Britain’s imperial amnesia The menace of populism has made the tribal left think again A bigger catch: China’s fishing fleet hunts new ocean targets India’s biometric ID scans make sci-fi a reality Brexiters must lose if Brexit is to succeed Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Amazon’s shopping spree at business schools Will 10 apples a day keep the doctor away? Workflow app: a user’s guide to shortcuts Codes of conduct breach the principles of common sense How to make 3D charts great again Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Why Singapore’s kids are so good at maths The art of the political snub The age of unenlightenment David and Monica Galetti: a restaurant of their own An alternative remedy for India’s romance troubles Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Trump risks losing Wall Street’s faith after healthcare failure Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for Limited Time Offer $4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Share News Tips Securely Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In A Chinese Bank's Tax Triumph By Andy Mukherjee Photographer: STR/Getty Images Finance Andy Mukherjee Andy Mukherjee is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering industrial companies and financial services. He previously was a columnist for Reuters Breakingviews. He has also worked for the Straits Times, ET NOW and Bloomberg News. Follow @andymukherjee70 Facebook Twitter Email Print Share March 27, 2017 1:50 AM EDT IND & COMM BK OF CHINA-H +0.03 At Closing, March 28th 5.15 HKD POSTAL SAVINGS BANK OF CHI-H +0.01 At Closing, March 28th 4.77 HKD How to command a premium for mediocrity? If that question is posed to Postal Savings Bank of China Co., which counts almost half the people in the world's most-populous nation as its customers, the answer may well be "superior tax planning." The Hong Kong-listed Chinese lender enjoys an 8 percent to 26 percent valuation premium over the four largest banks from the People's Republic. Indeed, among the top 12 mainland banks by market value, only Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co. and China Merchants Bank Co. boast higher price-to-book multiples. A Puzzling Premium Postal Savings Bank is 8 percent to 26 percent more expensive than the four largest Chinese lenders Source: Bloomberg Focusing on any measure of operational excellence would be futile. On Friday, Postal Savings announced a 12 percent drop in its net interest income on a 13 percent jump in its interest-earning assets.  It's a tell-tale sign of unprofitable growth, but investors and analysts couldn't care less. Postal Savings shares, YTD +14.1% China International Capital Corp., which rates Postal Savings as a buy, raised its 2017 earnings forecast for the bank by 6 percent on Monday, citing the lender's "tax-light" operation model. In China, government and railway construction bonds, as well as as micro loans to farmers, come with generous tax advantages. Those helped Postal Savings keep its effective tax rate at 7.3 percent last year, versus a statutory rate of 25 percent. Where Postal Savings Scores The lender has the lowest tax rate by far among China's largest companies Source: Bloomberg Most other Chinese banks pay 20 percent or more. In fact, single-digit tax rates are rare among large mainland companies. Even Jack Ma's Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. counted 10.4 percent of its pretax income for the 2016 financial year as current and deferred taxes, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The many weaknesses of Postal Savings may at some point start to outweigh its tax advantage. For one, a six-month lockup on cornerstone investors (who took up 75 percent of the $7.4 billion September IPO) is about to expire, even though UBS Group AG and JPMorgan Chase & Co., who came on board in December 2015, remain constrained from offloading shares until the third anniversary of their purchase. Investors might also get spooked by the $78 billion increase in new loans last year. The rapid expansion of Postal Savings' balance sheet leaves it vulnerable to a "considerable increase of new, untested risk" at a time when credit stress in the Chinese banking system is still rising, banking analyst Daniel Tabbush wrote in a note published by the Smartkarma website. So far, though, investors have chosen to ignore everything from high costs and uninspiring profitability to the lender's penchant for shadow banking and operational weaknesses -- witness the identity fraud that went on for more than six years at a branch in Hubei province. The combination of size and tax advantage has proved a killer attraction. But at some point, the premium over large banks will simply be too much. As Tabbush noted, "There's a price for everything." That includes mediocrity. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Andy Mukherjee in Singapore at amukherjee@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Katrina Nicholas at knicholas2@bloomberg.net Room to Improve Room to Improve Stonegate's relatively strong profitability metrics should get even better under Home BancShares' ownership Source: Bloomberg Home BancShares-Stongate This Rich Bank Deal Is No Big Stretch Deals Gillian Tan Easy Go Easy Go The dollar has taken back most of its post-election gains this year Source: Bloomberg Conversion Subversion Dollar's Slide Bodes Well for Emerging Markets Markets Nir Kaissar Tencent's Market Cap $275 Billion Fuel Sell Tesla Deposits Tencent in the Bank Autos Liam Denning Deal Pop Deal Pop Shares in Kate Spade have gained more than 60% in the past three months, as investors bid up the stock in anticipation of a takeover Not In The Bag Don't Buy the Kate Spade Deal Hype Consumer Shelly Banjo Topping Out Topping Out Disney's years-long rally ended in 2016. It has extended CEO Bob Iger's contract so that he can have more time to fix (or sell?) ESPN and find a successor. Source: Bloomberg Conscious Uncoupling Disney: Iger Alone Can Fix It? Media Tara Lachapelle South Africa Laughing It Off? Markets Marcus Ashworth Glory Days Glory Days Ericssson's free cash flow has dwindled as competition pushes prices down Source: Bloomberg Note: 2017, 2018 are consensus estimates Man With a Plan A Warning From History for Ericsson Tech Leila Abboud Tesco's Booker takeover is worth £3.7 billion Every Little Helps Supermarket Shareholders Revolt Consumer Andrea Felsted Betting on Trouble Betting on Trouble Norwegian Air Shuttle is a favorite among short-sellers Source: IHS Markit Who's Paying? The $65 Transatlantic Airfare Chris Bryant If Something Can't Go On Forever If Something Can't Go On Forever Shares in Huishan Dairy did nothing, and kept doing nothing, and then plummeted Source: Bloomberg Note: Rebased. March 28, 2016=100 Minority benefits No Crying Over Huishan's Spilt Milk Markets David Fickling Cash Grab Cash Grab A fresh round of funding would add to the $10 billion cash Didi Chuxing had in June Source: Bloomberg News dilution Didi Investors' SoftBank Dilemma Tech Tim Culpan Gilt-edged Threat The Great Brexit Haggle Markets Marcus Ashworth Estimated number of units sold in first quarter 5,100 Time to Rethink Hong Kong Should Cut the Curbs Real Estate Nisha Gopalan Charity Begins at Home Charity Begins at Home Coking coal prices in the steelmaking capital of Tangshan have turned sharply lower Source: China Customs General Administration, Shanghai SteelHome Note: Tangshan price has been converted from RMB/ton. market winds China's the Real Cyclone for Coal Commodities David Fickling Bicycle Bubble Bicycle Bubble China's top four bike rental companies have raised more than $1 billion. Over 30 competitors exist throughout the country Source: CB Insights Fomo Hey, You! Get Ofo, MoBike Consumer Tim Culpan Humbler Home Humbler Home Janus, which oversaw $195 billion as of 2016, has fallen in shareholders' eyes Source: Bloomberg Battle Royal Gross and Pimco War Ends With a Simper Markets Lisa Abramowicz Oil's Magic Number These Days $50 Shifty Fifty Oil's Magic Numbers Energy Liam Denning Bouncing Back Bouncing Back Hospital stocks rallied after the failure of Republican efforts to replace the Affordable Care Act Source: Bloomberg Trumpcare To Trumpneglect Euphoric Hospitals Still Have Trump Risk Health Max Nisen Change in Snapchat Shares From Its IPO Price +40% Extra Credit IPO Banks Grade Snapchat on a Generous Curve Tech Shira Ovide New shares that could be issued 45 million Insurance Policy Zurich Wants a Little Freedom Finance Chris Hughes Winning Winning SuperValu's wholesale distribution business has been winning contracts, which may add to its appeal as a merger partner Source: RBC Capital Markets, based on company reports, FactSet, Census Retail, Progressive Grocers, Private Label Manufacturers Association and Food Marketing Institute Discount Shopping There's Value in SuperValu Deals Gillian Tan Fading Glory Fading Glory Tesco shares have drifted down as the excitement about buying Booker has faded Source: Bloomberg A Price Worth Paying Tesco Nears the End of Its Darkest Chapter Andrea Felsted Stake in Arion bank 30% Icelandic Banks Iceland's Hedge Fund Hotel Deals Lionel Laurent Turning a Corner Turning a Corner China's energy companies are all set to increase capital spending this year Source: Bloomberg, company reports Note: 2017 figures for Sinopec and CNOOC are company forecasts. gusher China Oil Turns on Cash Taps Energy David Fickling
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Hot Topics TSLA SQ Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Apple (AAPL) sets new all-time highs >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Trading > Trading Advice > SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY): Where Is the Market Heading? The S&P 500, and thus the SPY, is at a make-or-break juncture By Serge Berger, Head Trader & Strategist, The Steady Trader  |  Mar 24, 2017, 8:34 am EDT     View All   Popular Posts: Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock: The Best Place to Buy This Plunge Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock: The Sleeping Giant Will Wake Soon Here’s Where Micron Technology Will Be a Better Buy (MU) Recent Posts: Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Is a Comeback Buy Here’s Where Micron Technology Will Be a Better Buy (MU) SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY): Where Is the Market Heading? View All Posts Despite all the negative headlines about stocks that I read in the financial media in recent days, the benchmark S&P 500 — as represented by the popular SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (NYSEARCA:SPY) — since early March has “only” pulled back around 3%. Any seasoned stock market operator will tell you that a 3% pullback can turn into a 5% or even 10% correction just as quickly as it can lead to a renewed rally. That’s why every investor should be watching the current technical juncture in the SPY ETF for perspective — and of course, to determine the likely path of least resistance going forward. When I last mused about the S&P 500 and the SPY on Jan. 5, I offered that a gravitation higher into the second half of the month and toward the $230-$231 area could take place rather quickly. That ended up occurring. While stocks ultimately continued to rally right into early March, they since pulled back a little to a curious area on the charts. One of my old mentors at JPMorgan used to remind me that a little perspective on the markets goes a long way. To wit, a quick glance at the multiyear weekly chart of the SPY ETF does just that. SPY ETF Charts First, we’ll look at the multiyear weekly chart. Click to Enlarge Note that the uptrend since 2009 in the SPY has largely remained intact. Also, as a result of the most recent multimonth rally, the index has once again arrived at the upper end of this longer-standing channel that I marked with the two blue arrow lines. Also note that upside momentum, as represented by the MACD oscillator at the bottom of the chart, is in overbought territory. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/spdr-sp-500-etf-trust-spy-where-is-the-market-heading/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Now Tencent’s TSLA Stake Is a BIG Buy Signal AMD Gears Up for War Apple Watch Series 3 Could Cut the Cord 3 Bank Stocks You Should Buy on Dips How Much Will AAPL Fall If iPhone 8 Flops? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Right Now The 10 Best ETFs to Buy for the Rest of 2017 3 Bank Stocks to Buy on the Dip 3 Unusual ETFs That Beat the Market 3 ‘Blood in the Streets’ Trades to Make NOW Most Popular The 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Right Now 3 ‘Blood in the Streets’ Trades to Make NOW The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter The 10 Best ETFs to Buy for the Rest of 2017 7 Small-Cap Stocks That Serve Up Big Dividends 3 Bank Stocks to Buy on the Dip Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Tue, Mar 28, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Work The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Commercial Property Comment All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Codes of conduct are corporate weapons that can backfire Labyrinthine codes of conduct are part PR exercises, part excuses for firing violators Mon, Mar 27, 2017, 05:40 Updated: Mon, Mar 27, 2017, 08:21 Lucy Kellaway “Charlotte Hogg, who helped write the Bank of England’s code, still managed to get tripped up by it and this month had to resign as deputy governor.” Photograph: AFP/Getty Images         I am in breach of my employer’s code of conduct. I have broken it in not one but in four ways, one of which involved barefaced lying. The normal thing would be to keep quiet about this, but I am choosing to shop myself, partly because I have reason to believe I am in good company but also because the real wrongdoing was not done by me, but by the codes themselves – which breach the principles of common sense, human motivation, and snappy writing. Codes of conduct are scary things. Charlotte Hogg, who helped write the Bank of England’s code, and is also an adviser to my charity, still managed to get tripped up by it and this month had to resign as deputy governor. Seeing what happened to her, I decided to do something I had never done before: settle down to read my own. The first thing the Financial Times’s corporate code of conduct demands is that employees “act in a professional, honest and ethical manner” – which is fine, if a little general. But by the second bullet point I had already come a cropper: “Be familiar with the information contained in this code,” it orders. In my defence I have tried to read it on various occasions in past years but I am a slow reader and nine pages of dull text is a bit much. This does not make me an outlier. It makes me just like most humans, who are not naturally drawn to the small print on health-and-safety policies. Sheepish In the past week I have asked everyone I have met if they have read their employers’ codes of conduct. The majority either said no or looked sheepish and said they had skimmed it. Some claimed to have read theirs, but when asked what it contained could do no better than: “Oh, you know: the usual stuff.” ADVERTISEMENT This means every year, millions of wage slaves – including me – commit another violation and perjure themselves by ticking a box claiming to have read, understood and committed to complying with the code, when they have done nothing of the sort. The next breach concerns my obligation to report any colleague who is not following the code. I know for a fact that a certain FT journalist has not read it properly either, in which case I am again at fault for not shopping him. But to grass up a person for something so tiny would interfere with my own ethical principle of not sneaking on a friend, especially one who is a fine, upstanding journalist. So what should I do? On this, as on every tricky, real-life dilemma, a code of conduct is of no help at all. As for the rest of the code, it is perfectly sensible in a general sort of way. Alas I fear the state of my desk may not be 100 per cent compliant with fire regulations, and I see I have an obligation “to read, understand and abide by our Treasury Policy, Travel and Expenses Policy and Data Retention and Destruction Policy” – which saps the spirits no end. Yet by comparison to most other codes, the FT’s is a work of brevity and precision. At my alma mater, JPMorgan, the new code runs to 50 pages, beginning with a picture of Jamie Dimon smiling angelically and staring into the middle distance. There are further pictures of happy women and black people, as well as one of employees throwing buckets of water over each others’ heads. How the last relates to the commandment that all JPMorgan staff treat each other with dignity, it does not say. Vague waffle The report is an interminable mish-mash of important things and trivial ones – of strict regulations on money laundering and vague waffle about being a good global citizen. Which is nonsensical in a code of conduct. What does it mean? And what business is it of the bank’s? I would rather a code that came without the pictures, the values and the cloying letter from the chief executive, but with a simple list of clear commandments. A reasonable start might be: don’t do anything illegal. Don’t do anything that fails the Private Eye test – would it look ugly if published in the satirical magazine? Don’t do anything that you would be ashamed to tell your colleagues about. The trouble with this is that it misses what a code of conduct is really for – part PR exercise, part excuse for firing anyone who a manager deems to have violated it. Sometimes, as the Bank of England has found out, the trap catches the wrong person. – (Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017)       Topics: Work Charlotte Hogg Jamie Dimon Read More Awareness of inherent bias will help avoid bad business decisions Don’t fear the robots: AI could lead to higher value jobs WRC secures €1.5 million in unpaid wages for workers How to make a bad boss work for you Banks say SMEs get good service – not so say firms who feel abandoned Lucy Kellaway: Workplace and toddlers will never mix Lucy Kellaway: Encouraging unreachable goals is downright irresponsible Lucy Kellaway: Why do we tolerate Buffett’s lame, sexist ‘jokes’? Lucy Kellaway: Death can revive your career  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Codes of conduct are corporate weapons that can backfire Women urged to start careers in mechanical professions Republic one of worst states in Europe for maternity leave Three rules to managing top talent Sponsored Our trip North: ‘I couldn’t believe how much it had changed’ Who are the ‘Leaders of Tomorrow’? Ten things you don’t want to miss in Northern Ireland this year The Liberties, Newbridge and Mullingar capture the imagination of first-time buyers ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business Manager settles case over disciplinary proceedings by Ulster Bank 20:10 Triggering of Brexit a tragedy for EU and Britain 20:00 IPO could reveal Saudi Aramco market value at $1 trillion-plus 19:56 John Hourican opts to stay at Bank of Cyprus until 2019 19:47 Regulator makes concession on radio advertising ‘red tape’ 19:45 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 Triggering of Brexit a tragedy for EU and Britain 2 Dublin advertising director sentenced to two years over tax 3 Brexit: Lloyd’s may have ruled out Dublin 4 What would happen if interest rates went up by 3%? 5 France backs special status for Ireland over Brexit 6 Free dental visits for the first time for self-employed 7 Manager settles case over disciplinary proceedings by Ulster Bank 8 Mortgage approvals rocket, putting pressure on supply of homes 9 Want to solve income inequality? Simple: pay workers more 10 John Hourican opts to stay at Bank of Cyprus until 2019 Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE A Step Ahead Improve your skills with courses from Irish Times Training Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Tue 28/3/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices The $80B business that linked all-American brands with hate content USA TODAY Mike Snider 22 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Project Scalpel: Behind big banks' plan to save $2 billion All aboard: American Airlines takes $200 million stake in China Southern Click to expand Replay Video How to talk your way out of a speeding ticket Chris Voss, former lead kidnapping negotiator for the FBI and author of "Never Split the Difference," knows how to get what he wants. In this episode of "Everyday Hostages," Voss breaks down exactly how to get out of a speeding ticket when an officer pulls you over. The Wall Street Journal. An heir to the Red Bull fortune is enjoying the high life years after a fatal hit-and-run Four years after being accused of a fatal hit-and-run the heir to the Red Bull energy drink fortune isn't laying low, CNBC How will tax policy impact the markets? Barrons Senior Editor Jack Hough says the markets will drop if there are no tax cuts this year. Fox Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Ad boycott at YouTube could cost Google millions CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next How to talk your way out of a speeding ticket The Wall Street Journal.1:41 An heir to the Red Bull fortune is enjoying the high life years after a fatal hit-and-run CNBC0:56 How will tax policy impact the markets? Fox Business1:39 Trump signs four bills rolling back regulations The Washington Post5:50 1 million pounds of chicken nuggets recalled over metal contamination Veuer0:45 DOJ takes aim at 'sanctuary cities' through federal funding cuts Newsy1:26 Amazon makes play for Middle East market Wochit Tech0:52 You won't find this vice on the Vegas Strip CNN Money2:40 Bernie Sanders will reintroduce 'Medicare for all' single-payer plan Newsy1:13 Trump turns to tax reform after health-care defeat The Washington Post1:05 Amazon has bigger brick-and-mortar plans than just grocery stores CNBC0:41 Bad time of year to buy a home? Fox Business5:43 Why some states are giving out free 'Baby Boxes' Veuer1:09 Why this millionaire threw out all of his belongings and lives in Airbnbs CNBC1:19 Hollywood counts on China for merchandise growth The Wall Street Journal.1:21 How Warby Parker's success beat their own expectations Bloomberg2:36 UP NEXT A growing number of advertisers have recently pulled their advertising business from Google's video service YouTube after their ads ran with offensive and extremist content. Quotes in the article General Motors Co GM ▲ 35.51 +0.81 +2.32% Starbucks Corp SBUX ▲ 57.38 +0.15 +0.26% Yahoo! Inc YHOO ▲ 46.61 +0.21 +0.45% Microsoft Corp MSFT ▲ 65.39 +0.30 +0.45% But how did those ads even wind up near such content? The answer: programmatic advertising.  Programmatic advertising is an automatic software-driven system for advertisers to pay in advance for ads to run acrossonline content including social media, websites and video on computers and portable devices. Much of the $83 billion that research firm eMarketer expects to be spent on U.S. digital ads this year — more than is spent on TV or any other media — is executed via programmatic. "Everything is done instantaneously, billing and transactions are done in milliseconds across a massive ecosystem and trillions of impressions are delivered," said Chris Loretto, executive vice president at Digital First Media, which participates in programmatic ad sales across the sites and apps of its 106 newspapers including The Denver Post and San Jose Mercury News. DFM also has Adtaxi, a digital marketing agency, that buys programmatic ads as well as delivers ads across search, social and email. How does programmatic advertising work? Think of the system as akin to computerized trading on the stock market: it happens in milliseconds. In traditional advertising, a company looking to run ads chooses a particular network TV show or time block, or newspaper or magazine. With programatic advertising, a digital advertiser can tweak delivery of its ads to certain consumer demographics (age, sex, location), behaviors and other characteristics. "So this technology takes all the data and automates it, matching the buyer and the seller at prices that everybody is agreeable," with, Loretto said.   How does an ad wind up on an offensive or extremist article or video? Sometimes the customer demographics overlap with online content that can be offensive, and a programmatic ad will be delivered to such a site. "Right now with all the algorithms they cannot guarantee to an advertiser that their ads won’t be on some kind of site that is problematic," said Miro Copic, a marketing expert at San Diego State University and co-founder of BottomLine Marketing. How can they fix it? YouTube is working on the problem; it and other sites have technicians manually monitoring video content to prevent problem match-ups. But even as the boycott grows daily, its automated system continued to place ads from major brands, which has led to more companies including Coca-Cola, GM and Starbucks to pull ads from YouTube, The Wall Street Journal reported Friday. Part of the problem? YouTube is a network that showcases user-generated content, so the volume grows infinitely. When someone reports a problem, that video or content can be flagged and will not have specific brand ads displayed. "In the short term it can be a very manual process," Copic said. The major players in the growing digital ad industry are "very focused around improving the ad ecosystem," Digital First's Loretto said. "But it’s not an easy answer to what might seem like an easy question. Who wins in this situation? Eventually, consumers will win because better ad delivery mechanisms will be developed. In the short term, competitors to Google and Facebook could have an opening to gain some digital ad sales. Yahoo, which delivers ads via search, mobile and video, or Microsoft, which offers search ads through its Bing network, "can go to those guys and say, 'Look, we can provide you more reliable targeting and even guarantee the audience," Copic said. "So it provides an opportunity for the other players."  Possible losers? The biggest players, Google's YouTube and Facebook, have the most to lose. Google is tops in digital ad revenue, due to attract nearly 41% of all spending this year. Coming in at No. 2 is Facebook, expected to generate $16.3 billion, compared to the $33 billion Google is expected to get. And YouTube is a growing digital ad sales generator for Google, expected to account for more than 10% of its total revenue, eMarketer estimates. It's already suffering lost revenue in the short-term from a boycott that's included JPMorgan Chase, AT&T, Verizon and Johnson & Johnson in the U.S.  More than 250 organizations including McDonald's, Toyota and the British government have halted their advertising on YouTube in the U.K., according to The Times, whose investigation triggered the boycott. "Brands want to see some kind of accountability on their audience and they have this second issue that their ads are being seen in places they would prefer not," said Copic. However, "if Google comes back quickly and says, 'This is what we’re doing to do: A, B and C,' I think the advertisers come back," Copic said. "Maybe they temporarily reduce spending in the short-term, but they will get back to that spending level if Google is able to address the problem." Follow USA Today reporter Mike Snider on Twitter: @MikeSnider. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Leaping ban approved in NFL rules shake-up USA TODAY Immigration shouldn't be all in the family: Our view USA TODAY Trump order makes energy, not climate, a priority USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Weather Storms threaten Dallas-Fort Worth this afternoon and overnight Storms threaten D-FW this afternoon and overnight DMN files Legacy office tower in Plano could fetch close to $125 million Filed under Real Estate at Yesterday Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Steve Brown, Real Estate Editor Connect with Steve Brown On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now West Plano's Legacy business park could soon be seeing another major property sale. When the former Encana Oil & Gas Tower near Legacy Drive sold five years ago, it traded for one of the highest prices ever for a suburban Dallas office property — about $375 per square foot. Now the 12-story high-rise is expected to trade again for an even higher price, closer to $400 per square foot. Dallas-based Tier REIT is in talks to buy the high-rise, which is more than 75 percent leased, real estate brokers say. The real estate investment trust already owns two building sites next to the former Encana Tower. Tenants in the tower include LegacyTexas Bank, Aimbridge Hospitality and Ally Financial. Officials with Tier REIT declined to comment.  The investor has properties in eight states and the District of Columbia. Originally built for Canada-based Encana Oil & Gas, the 318,000-square-foot office building is just north of the popular Shops at Legacy retail and mixed-use center on the east side of the Dallas North Tollway. Commercial real estate firm JLL has been quietly marketing the high-rise for sale. The building is owned by Arizona-based VEREIT. If the tower purchase is completed as expected, it would be one of the highest prices paid for office space in Plano's booming Legacy business park. Last fall, Boston-based Intercontinental Real Estate Corp. paid almost $140 million for the Legacy Tower at the southeast corner of the tollway and Legacy Drive. Both buildings are just across the highway from Legacy West, the new $3 billion mixed-use development that will include huge office campuses for Toyota, Liberty Mutual Insurance and JPMorgan Chase. With the growth in that area, the increased sales price for the Encana tower isn't a surprise, said Gary Carr of CBRE, who brokered the sale of the same building five years ago. "The quality of what is going on up there is amazing," Carr said. "And there's not a lot of office space on the market in that area." View Comments Tags Real Estate Business Plano Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Remaking The Q Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Too few summer jobs in Cleveland for teens ready to work A summer job at Universty Hospital for Chanele Foster, courtesy of the Youth Opportunity Unlimited program Chanele Foster fills out paperwork for lunch orders at a job she held in 2014 at University Hospitals through a youth employment program run by Youth Opportunity Unlimited. (John Kuntz, The Plain Dealer) Print Email Olivera Perkins, The Plain Dealer By Olivera Perkins, The Plain Dealer The Plain Dealer Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 27, 2017 at 12:17 PM, updated March 27, 2017 at 1:50 PM comments CLEVELAND, Ohio -- There was funding last year for about 2,700 jobs in the Summer Youth Employment Program in Cuyahoga County. More than 8,300 young people applied for them. It's like that just about every year: far more young people 14-24 wanting jobs than there are funded slots. Many believe it is time to stop taking a "that's just the way it is" attitude to the persistently large gap between those ready to work and the available number of jobs. Proponents of more summer jobs say they are important for several reasons. Studies have shown that youth employment plays a role in lowering violent and other crimes by reducing idleness. Summer jobs can become a vital component of an overall strategy to lower high youth unemployment in the county. Summer jobs could be part of broader workforce development plan if they are designed to expose young people to in-demand fields. Such a strategy could potentially have a long-term impact on the local economy by providing a better-skilled workforce, which often serves as a strong lure in attracting businesses to the area. Cleveland Councilman Zack Reed, whose ward includes Mount Pleasant on the East Side, wants more summer jobs as a way to curb youth violence. Frequently when a teen is fatally shot, he takes to Twitter. March has been active. Tweets have included those about two teens killed Sunday in Cleveland, as well as two other teens killed this month in separate incidents in the city. "I have a plan," he tweeted last week. "It's called #Jobs. NOTHING STOPS A BULLET LIKE A JOB." See: More jobs, less youth violence, data and experts say Reed lobbied City Council to allocate more money for summer jobs this year. He asked for funding for 1,000 jobs. Council approved $500,000, which will fund about 250 jobs. He said finding a long-term funding solution is a must. "I believe there has to be public-private partnership, led by the city, that says that we are going to provide a summer job to every teenager between 14 and 18, who wants to go to work," he said. "This would give hope back to these teenagers. "When you had 6,000 of these young people last year, who were walking around with no job, what do you think they were doing?" Reed said, recalling the argument he used to persuade Council to approve additional funding. "Put yourselves in their position. Think if you were walking around for eight full weeks without employment. Think of what you would have gotten into." The impact of summer jobs goes far beyond the issue of at-risk youth. Charday Wynn always considered herself a go-getter. She took enough college courses while still in high school to enter Kent State University last fall as a sophomore. Still, last year was the first time she was able to land a job in the summer jobs program because there just weren't enough slots. The program, primarily funded through Cuyahoga County, is run by the nonprofit Youth Opportunities Unlimited, or Y.O.U. "I applied for four-years straight," she said "I was excited when I got in because I was going to college, and I needed money. Without the money I made, I probably wouldn't have been able to pay for the things I needed for school." Youth Jobs It costs about $2,000 to employ participants under 18 in the summer jobs program, according to Carol Rivchun, Y.O.U's executive director. Thirty percent is administrative costs, including training for participants and staff visiting the young workers on the job. Costs are higher for 18-24 year-olds because they can work more hours in the 6- to 8-week program; and they are paid $10 instead of the $8.15 minimum wage. In order to participate in the program, young people must come from low- or moderate-income families. For example, a family of four cannot exceed an annual income of about $35,000. Rivchun is expecting that 2,500 slots will be funded this year. Most of the funding will come from the county, which hasn't yet received its state allocation. Demand for summer jobs is expected to be high this year. By mid-March about 9,500 had registered online for jobs - about 2,000 more than had done so that time last year. Rivchun welcomes additional funding, but said this year the program couldn't handle more than about 3,700 young people. That is the number of jobs staff have screened and determined would provide the young people with a meaningful work experience. They want the summer to be about more than just a paycheck. For example, Wynn worked at Cleveland Public Library's MLK Jr. branch, where she tutored youngsters in math, reading and grammar. "Those kids advanced in those subjects because they did the summer camp program," she said. "I was impacting lives." Kevin Young, now a junior at MC2 STEM High School in Cleveland, spent last summer making a 3D model of the wastewater treatment process at his job at the Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District. "It was one of the best experiences of my life," he said of a presentation he gave to the NEORSD board on his model. "It gave me a step forward." Rivchun applauds Councilman Reed in what is evolving into a crusade to dramatically increase the number of summer jobs. She said priority should also be given to year-round opportunities, such as paid internships that can potentially position young people for careers. David Feinerman, Cuyahoga County's head of workforce innovation, said this year summer employment for those 18-24 will be designed more like an internship capable of positioning young people for full-time employment. He said participants would be teamed with coaches, who will work closely with them in the job search process. "We want this to be more than a job for six to eight weeks," he said. "We want this to be an experience that transforms their understanding of what work means." Many young adults in Cuyahoga County struggle with unemployment and underemployment, according to the Cleveland/Cuyahoga County Workforce Development Board. Its workforce development plan through 2021 includes finding ways to address youth unemployment and underemployment, especially for those 18 to 29. Youth unemployment is more than 11 percent in Cuyahoga, the plan says. For young black people it is more than 20 percent. Natoya Walker Minor, Cleveland's chief of public affairs, said Mayor Frank Jackson's administration is committed to jobs for young people. For example, she said his summer jobs program, in which teens work for the city's public utilities, has spent nearly $5 million employing them in the past 11 years. She believes an effective public-private sector partnership aimed at addressing youth employment and workforce development issues is possible. A recent meeting Walker Minor attended on the topic convinced her of this. She said the problem is that many agencies, school and businesses are working in silos on the issue, and that their efforts need to be coordinated. "I almost think that we should get in a room with a whiteboard that is maybe 15-feet-long and eight-feet-wide and begin drawing arrows, so that we can identify where the opportunities are and where the gaps are," she said. Walker Minor said efforts with the Cleveland Clinic and University Hospitals have been effective, and that efforts must be made to expand on those successes. "We would love to be in greater collaboration with corporate Cleveland," she said. Should the Business Community do more? The summer jobs program relies mostly on public funding. (Corporations, including JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America contribute as well as nonprofits, such as the Cleveland Foundation, Rivchun said.) Reed believes the local business community should at least match the public funding for summer jobs. Joe Roman, president and chief executive officer of the Greater Cleveland Partnership, said its members are concerned about summer employment. "Many employers, Greater Cleveland Partnership members and non-members in Cleveland, participate in structured programs such as YOU and act alone in providing summer jobs for people in their communities," he wrote in an email. "The GCP is currently focusing on building up participation rates in our employer base in providing structured internships, which we believe are the best long-term approach to meeting some of the talent shortages in our region." Reed is not impressed. He said such internships are often focused on hiring middle-class and affluent students from elite colleges than those from poor and working-class backgrounds. "The business community doesn't look at these kids from these neighborhoods hard-hit by violence as being their kids," he said. "They were falling all over each other to help fund the renovation of Public Square. Why not the same for summer jobs?" Follow: @OPinfo Top Workplaces Top Workplaces 2017 150 winners will be announced on June 18. The 2016 Top Workplaces List Business Features Northeast Ohio business and networking events Northeast Ohio commercial real estate news ScamFinder! Protect yourself from common scams Active Discussions Most Read Business news in your inbox Sign up to get our business newsletter twice a day, Mon.-Fri. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. top court rejects bid to revive $7.25 billion credit card settlement Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States U.S. | Mon Mar 27, 2017 | 9:51am EDT U.S. top court rejects bid to revive $7.25 billion credit card settlement MasterCard and VISA credit cards are seen in this picture illustration taken June 9, 2016. REUTERS/Maxim Zmeyev/Illustration By Lawrence Hurley | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday declined to hear a bid by retailers to revive a $7.25 billion antitrust settlement they reached with Visa Inc and Mastercard Inc over claims the card networks improperly fixed credit and debit card fees. The high court left in place a 2016 lower court decision that threw out the settlement on the basis that it was unfair to retailers that stood to receive no payments and derive no other benefits. The brief Supreme Court order noted that Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito did not participate in consideration of whether to take up the appeal. No reason was given. The settlement had been intended to resolve claims that merchants were overcharged on interchange fees, or "swipe fees," when shoppers used credit or debit cards, and were barred from directing customers toward cheaper means of payment. The deal had been the largest all-cash U.S. antitrust settlement, although its value shrank to about $5.7 billion after roughly 8,000 retailers "opted out." The New York-based 2nd Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals found that the accord was unfair to retailers that stood to receive no payments and, in the court's view, little or no benefit at all. It also decertified the case as a class action. The circuit court's decision was a blow to the credit card industry, which hoped the settlement would end a decade of litigation brought on behalf of about 12 million retailers against Visa, MasterCard and banks that issue their cards. Companies including Amazon.com Inc, Costco Wholesale Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc opposed the settlement and challenged it on appeal. Card issuers American Express Co and Discover Financial Services also objected to the settlement. A federal judge in Brooklyn had approved the settlement in 2013, saying it offered significant damages and meaningful protections against future harm. Many retailers and trade groups objected. Some said the payout should have been higher while others said the settlement would have made it too difficult to sue Visa and MasterCard. According to the National Retail Federation trade group, retailers pay roughly $60 billion annually in swipe fees, which typically average around 2 percent. Card-issuing banks would have funded much of the settlement. JPMorgan Chase & Co and Bank of America Corp had estimated they were responsible for roughly one-fifth and one-tenth, respectively, of a payout. (Reporting by Lawrence Hurley; additional reporting by Jonathan Stempel; Editing by Will Dunham) Next In U.S. Uber discloses workforce diversity numbers Uber Technologies Inc disclosed workforce diversity numbers for the first time on Tuesday, as the ride hailing services company looks to repair its tarnished image following a series of embarrassing setbacks. North Carolina close to losing NCAA events over bathroom law: official WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. The NCAA will deny North Carolina lucrative hosting duties for college sports championship events through 2022 if the state does not change a law that restricts bathroom access for transgender people by Thursday, a local sports official said on Tuesday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Investing Trading Strategies0 The One Company You'll Want to Own Before Brexit Negotiations Start Trading Strategies0 How to Identify a Stock You Can Hold Forever (When Buy and Hold Is Dead) Trading Strategies6 Update: Ekso Bionics: "Make or Break" Moment Trading Strategies 0 Three Reasons This Is Not 1999 Trading Strategies0 Three Ways to Play a Reversal for Big Profits If the "Trump Rally" Fails Trading Strategies6 Why You Should Stay Away from Snap's IPO Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Popular Investing Strategy Will Bring the Next Big Crash Investing Ideas0 This Disruptive Trend Could Soon Be Worth $86 Billion – Here's How Investors Can Get In Right Now Trading Strategies0 How to Profit Safely and Smartly in This Slowing Market Investing Ideas0 The Illusion of Bargain Retail Stocks – and How to Trade Them Now trading strategies0 This Antiquated $1.2 Trillion Industry Is About to Experience a Major Disruption – Here's How to Profit Trading Strategies3 The Bull Market's Eighth "Birthday" Is the Perfect Time to Invest Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 These Three Sectors Are Getting Slammed as Washington Flounders Global Markets1 How to Profit After the Worst Trading Day in 2017 Global Markets0 Rate Hike Briefing: Here's What Those 25 Points Mean for You Global Markets1 These 4 Plunging Stocks Have One Subtle "Code Word" in Common Global Markets1 Here's What the Media Is Ignoring About TSLA'S Sketchy Earnings Global Markets0 The Death of Retail Is Taking a Big Bite Out of This Food Company Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Zenith Trading Circler Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 What the Media Heads Don't Understand About the "Fear Index" Options1 Forget Google – This Is the Best Advertising Stock to Buy Right Now Options0 Yellen’s Next 0.25% Rate Hike Could Destroy This Industry Options1 Why You Don't Need to Fear a Market Correction retirement0 The Truth About Dow 21,000 trading strategies0 How to Pocket an Easy 100% Profit on Home Depot Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Money Calendar Pro Private service. Not a member? Weekly Cash Clock Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 To Make Big Money in Tech, You Have to Study the "Other Side" of Silicon Valley Stocks1 How to Profit from the U.S.-U.K. Marijuana “Research Gap” Technology0 As Silicon Valley Takes Over Detroit, Here's Where to Put Your Money Technology0 With This Stock, 1.86 Billion People Will Be Your Tenants Trading Strategies 0 The One Way to Keep Beating the Market by 50% Trading Strategies0 The Real Headline Behind White House's Latest Marijuana Comments Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 This "Nanocatalyst" Breakthrough Will Change the Way We Drive Cars Forever Oil0 What This Oil Price Roller Coaster Actually Tells Us Trading Strategies 0 What I Revealed in My Windsor Briefings, Part I Oil0 The Donald Takes the Stage at Windsor Oil2 What It's Like at the Most Important Energy Conference of 2017 Oil0 How Iran's Gas Plans Just Put Russia "Under Siege" Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Micro Energy Trader Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor The Fuse Has Been Lit – on Gold Prices In our latest “Stock Talks” video – a recommendation of miner Goldcorp Inc. (NYSE: GG) issued back on March 9 – we told you that the best time to buy gold stocks was before they started their rally. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money D.R. Barton's10 Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 The One Company You'll Want to Own Before Brexit Negotiations Start Trading Strategies0 How to Identify a Stock You Can Hold Forever (When Buy and Hold Is Dead) Trading Strategies6 Update: Ekso Bionics: "Make or Break" Moment Trading Strategies 0 Three Reasons This Is Not 1999 Trading Strategies0 Three Ways to Play a Reversal for Big Profits If the "Trump Rally" Fails Trading Strategies6 Why You Should Stay Away from Snap's IPO Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Popular Investing Strategy Will Bring the Next Big Crash Investing Ideas0 This Disruptive Trend Could Soon Be Worth $86 Billion – Here's How Investors Can Get In Right Now Trading Strategies0 How to Profit Safely and Smartly in This Slowing Market Investing Ideas0 The Illusion of Bargain Retail Stocks – and How to Trade Them Now trading strategies0 This Antiquated $1.2 Trillion Industry Is About to Experience a Major Disruption – Here's How to Profit Trading Strategies3 The Bull Market's Eighth "Birthday" Is the Perfect Time to Invest Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 These Three Sectors Are Getting Slammed as Washington Flounders Global Markets1 How to Profit After the Worst Trading Day in 2017 Global Markets0 Rate Hike Briefing: Here's What Those 25 Points Mean for You Global Markets1 These 4 Plunging Stocks Have One Subtle "Code Word" in Common Global Markets1 Here's What the Media Is Ignoring About TSLA'S Sketchy Earnings Global Markets0 The Death of Retail Is Taking a Big Bite Out of This Food Company Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Zenith Trading Circler Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 What the Media Heads Don't Understand About the "Fear Index" Options1 Forget Google – This Is the Best Advertising Stock to Buy Right Now Options0 Yellen’s Next 0.25% Rate Hike Could Destroy This Industry Options1 Why You Don't Need to Fear a Market Correction retirement0 The Truth About Dow 21,000 trading strategies0 How to Pocket an Easy 100% Profit on Home Depot Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Money Calendar Pro Private service. Not a member? Weekly Cash Clock Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 To Make Big Money in Tech, You Have to Study the "Other Side" of Silicon Valley Stocks1 How to Profit from the U.S.-U.K. Marijuana “Research Gap” Technology0 As Silicon Valley Takes Over Detroit, Here's Where to Put Your Money Technology0 With This Stock, 1.86 Billion People Will Be Your Tenants Trading Strategies 0 The One Way to Keep Beating the Market by 50% Trading Strategies0 The Real Headline Behind White House's Latest Marijuana Comments Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 This "Nanocatalyst" Breakthrough Will Change the Way We Drive Cars Forever Oil0 What This Oil Price Roller Coaster Actually Tells Us Trading Strategies 0 What I Revealed in My Windsor Briefings, Part I Oil0 The Donald Takes the Stage at Windsor Oil2 What It's Like at the Most Important Energy Conference of 2017 Oil0 How Iran's Gas Plans Just Put Russia "Under Siege" Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Micro Energy Trader Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: This Fintech Experiment Could Be Huge… Here's What You Need to Know Message: URL: http://mney.co/24iLeTa two  +  four  =  Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: This Fintech Experiment Could Be Huge… Here's What You Need to Know Message: URL: http://mney.co/24iLeTa eight  −  eight  =  Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter 2 responses Technology This Fintech Experiment Could Be Huge… Here's What You Need to Know By Shah Gilani, Capital Wave Strategist, Money Morning • @WallStreet_II • June 1, 2016 View Comments Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  −  4  =  five Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Shah Gilani Would you invest in a company with no managers and no legal documents? Believe it or not, that's a question thousands of "investors" just answered with a resounding "Yes!" Last week, I told you that the future had already arrived, that hundreds of tiny startups are already changing the way we live, work, and conduct business through innovations in financial technology, or fintech. I teased a breaking story about a "company" whose extraordinary name is itself indicative of the future of fintech. The company, if you can even call it that, goes by the name of the DAO, which stands for Decentralized Autonomous Organization. Since April 30, 2016, DAO has raised over $152 million via crowdfunding, which is by far the largest amount of "money" ever raised that way. It closed its "creation phase" on May 28, 2016. But what is DAO? And how do you invest? And should you even consider it? Generally speaking, decentralized autonomous organizations are part of the fintech future that's already here. Going forward, they'll change how you invest, what you invest in, and every possible way for you to make money. There are a few moving pieces to this particular "deal" and this decentralized autonomous organization in particular. That's why I've put words like "investors," "money," and "deal" in quotes – because what we're talking about is so radical that it may redefine what these things mean in the very near future. Here's what you need to know. The First DAO Open to the Public This company, or investment, or organization, depending on what it ultimately is legally defined as, calling itself the DAO, is the first of its kind of organization making itself available to the public. The DAO was created by 32-year-old German programmer Cristoph Jentzsch, who will have nothing to do with running it, or controlling what it invests in, or even, he says, what happens to it, though he may be in for more than he bargained for on that front. What the DAO will do is invest the "money" it gathers in its creation phase (from April 30, 2016, to May 28, 2016) in mostly startups fueling digital blockchain technology and something called Ethereum, which I'll explain in a minute. The organization is essentially a program, that's why there are no managers and no legal documents. I'll get to the lack of legal documents in a bit. The "money" crowdsourced investors put up is actually Ether, or ETH. Ether is a cryptocurrency, like Bitcoin. Ether comes out of Ethereum, which is a type of decentralized blockchain platform (hence the cryptocurrency offshoot Ether) with programmable transaction functionality. Investors have to get their hands on Ether, which at its current unit price is worth about $13 a piece (as opposed to Bitcoin's approximate value of $450) and contribute ETH as their investment. For their ETH they get DAO "tokens" on a pro-rata basis calculated against the total amount raised. Shareholders vote their tokens on "any expenditures," including which startups or companies to fund, which are themselves chosen for consideration by online polling of shareholders. In other words, the DAO is a technology-enabled leaderless collective that invests in shareholder-approved deals. DAO tokens are fully transferable and there is no mining of them, so there will only be as many tokens created as there is ETH contributed in the creation phase. According to the DAO website's "Manifesto," the goals of DAO are: To blaze a new path in business organization for the betterment of its members, existing simultaneously nowhere and everywhere and operating solely with the steadfast iron will of immutable code. The goal of the DAO is to diligently use the ETH it controls to support projects that will: Provide a return on investment or benefit to the DAO and its members. Benefit the decentralized ecosystem as a whole. It's all so fascinating… but it may be illegal. 152 Million Reasons to Be Cautious First of all, the amount of "money" raised is itself raising eyebrows. By May 28, 2016, the amount of Ether DAO brings in may be close to $200 million. That's a staggering amount of crowdfunded investment and will draw the attention of all kinds of regulators. In fact, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is already looking at the organization. Most legal experts with intimate knowledge of SEC rules and regulations say what the organization is doing amounts to an "offering of securities." Any offering of securities, and DAO tokens could be considered securities based on SEC language, must either be offered pursuant to a qualified exemption under SEC rules or pursuant to a registration statement and formal filings with the SEC. What the DAO – and maybe founding programmer Cristoph Jentzsch personally – is facing is similar to what Erik T. Vorhees faced fighting the SEC in 2014. The SEC charged Vorhees, co-owner of two Bitcoin-related websites, SatoshiDICE and FeedZeBirds, with publicly offering shares in the two ventures without registering them. Vorhees agreed to settle the charges, had to disgorge the profits he made, and pay a $35,000 fine. Pertaining to the Vorhees' charges, Andrew J. Ceresney, director of the SEC's Division of Enforcement said, "All issuers selling securities to the public must comply with the registration provisions of the securities laws, including issuers who seek to raise funds using Bitcoin. We will continue to focus on enforcing our rules and regulations as they apply to digital currencies." I'm not investing in the DAO myself, but you better believe I'll be watching what happens to them and what new ground they're going to break. And believe me, there is going to be a lot of groundbreaking and new rules-making out of this "deal." Not just because the DAO is itself so groundbreaking, but because Ethereum is so groundbreaking and is itself (and through efforts supported by the likes of IBM, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft) going to change money and investing for all of us. In the words of Marley Gray, a director of business development and strategy at Microsoft, "Ethereum is a general platform where you can solve problems in many industries using a fairly elegant solution – the most elegant solution we have seen to date." So, stay tuned to follow the future of fintech and what you should invest in, because that's where I'm going with fintech – to the money well. Follow Money Morning on Facebook and Twitter. You Won't Believe How Goldman Manipulated TSLA: On May 18, Goldman Sachs upgraded Tesla from "Neutral" to "Buy." But be wary – there's shady motivation behind this upgrade that Wall Street's completely glossing over… Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… Shah Gilani About the Author Browse Shah's articles | View Shah's research services Shah Gilani is the Event Trading Specialist for Money Map Press. He provides specific trading recommendations in Capital Wave Forecast, where he predicts gigantic "waves" of money forming and shows you how to play them for the biggest gains. In Short-Side Fortunes, Shah shows the "little guy" how to make massive size gains – sometimes in a single day – by flipping large asset classes like stocks, bonds, commodities, ETFs and more. He also writes our most talked-about publication, Wall Street Insights & Indictments, where he reveals how Wall Street's high-stakes game is really played. … Read full bio (2) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: fintech No thanks | June 2, 2016 No thanks Reply Michael Finch | March 26, 2017 Bitcoin Ether both are crypto Curréncy Government has been sticking its nose into trying to stop Russia was behind and criminals were behind also according to what I have read Mt Goh went down I hold stock in company should be sitting $20-$25 a share by now if ran right CCTL and BTSC just one good run up to $2. A share could create millionaires overnight. Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 9  −  3  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT The Fuse Has Been Lit – on Gold Prices Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News March 28, 2017 By Alex McGuire Leave a Comment Don't Let This Myth About Investing in Gold Scare You Out of 84% Returns March 28, 2017 By Jack Delaney Leave a Comment Spotify IPO: The Secret Way You Could Make Up to 156% in Profit March 28, 2017 By Michael E. Lewitt Leave a Comment These Three Sectors Are Getting Slammed as Washington Flounders Trending Posts 6991 Reads 32 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks to Watch This Week (March 27) For the top marijuana stocks to watch this week, we have two companies on our radar making bold products. Here's what you need to know... 5585 Reads 759 Likes The Slow Death of American Icon Sears – and Who Will Be Next Inside the slow death of Sears: Why it failed, who is to blame, and which companies are next... Today's Markets DJIA 169.44 (0.82%) 20,720.42 NASDAQ 41.66 (0.71%) 5,882.03 S&P 19.50 (0.83%) 2,361.09 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
