Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Varonis Systems Inc (VRNS) CEO Yakov Faitelson Sells 8,657 Shares of Stock JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (JFC) Major Shareholder Bulldog Investors, Llc Buys 12,500 Shares of Stock WEC Energy Group Inc (WEC) VP James A. Schubilske Sells 4,260 Shares of Stock Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) CEO Michael Morrissey Sells 11,300 Shares of Stock Veeco Instruments Inc. (VECO) SVP John P. Kiernan Sells 8,836 Shares Teranga Gold Corp (TGZ) Insider Corporation Tablo Acquires 87,000 Shares AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) COO Sean J. Breslin Sells 1,500 Shares Franks International NV (FI) Director D. Keith Mosing Sells 30,000 Shares of Stock BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) EVP George Eric Davis Sells 2,500 Shares Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Acquires 2,434 Shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $5.077 Million Stake in AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Shares Bought by Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Comerica Bank Lowers Stake in Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) Brave Asset Management Inc. Cuts Stake in BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) Stake Increased by Brave Asset Management Inc. Ameren Corp (AEE) Stake Lowered by Comerica Bank Comerica Bank Has $5.877 Million Position in Westar Energy Inc (WR) Cambiar Investors LLC Reduces Stake in Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Comerica Bank Acquires 416 Shares of FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) Talend SA (TLND) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (JFC) Major Shareholder Bulldog Investors, Llc Buys 12,500 Shares of Stock May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (NYSE:JFC) major shareholder Bulldog Investors, Llc bought 12,500 shares of JPMorgan China Region Fund stock in a transaction on Monday, May 8th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $19.01 per share, for a total transaction of $237,625.00. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Major shareholders that own at least 10% of a company’s shares are required to disclose their sales and purchases with the SEC. Bulldog Investors, Llc also recently made the following trade(s): On Thursday, April 27th, Bulldog Investors, Llc purchased 10,000 shares of JPMorgan China Region Fund stock. The stock was purchased at an average price of $19.05 per share, with a total value of $190,500.00. On Monday, April 24th, Bulldog Investors, Llc purchased 10,000 shares of JPMorgan China Region Fund stock. The stock was purchased at an average price of $18.63 per share, with a total value of $186,300.00. On Tuesday, April 18th, Bulldog Investors, Llc purchased 29,880 shares of JPMorgan China Region Fund stock. The stock was purchased at an average price of $18.31 per share, with a total value of $547,102.80. On Wednesday, April 12th, Bulldog Investors, Llc purchased 20,000 shares of JPMorgan China Region Fund stock. The stock was purchased at an average price of $18.43 per share, with a total value of $368,600.00. On Tuesday, April 4th, Bulldog Investors, Llc purchased 11,361 shares of JPMorgan China Region Fund stock. The stock was purchased at an average price of $18.40 per share, with a total value of $209,042.40. On Monday, April 3rd, Bulldog Investors, Llc purchased 83,599 shares of JPMorgan China Region Fund stock. The stock was purchased at an average price of $18.40 per share, with a total value of $1,538,221.60. On Tuesday, March 28th, Bulldog Investors, Llc purchased 15,000 shares of JPMorgan China Region Fund stock. The stock was purchased at an average price of $18.43 per share, with a total value of $276,450.00. On Monday, March 27th, Bulldog Investors, Llc purchased 12,000 shares of JPMorgan China Region Fund stock. The stock was purchased at an average price of $18.35 per share, with a total value of $220,200.00. On Tuesday, March 21st, Bulldog Investors, Llc purchased 10,000 shares of JPMorgan China Region Fund stock. The stock was purchased at an average price of $18.24 per share, with a total value of $182,400.00. Shares of JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (NYSE:JFC) traded down 0.15% on Thursday, hitting $19.44. The stock had a trading volume of 228,968 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $18.64 and a 200 day moving average of $17.20. JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc has a 1-year low of $13.94 and a 1-year high of $19.53. The company’s market capitalization is $125.33 million. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (JFC) Major Shareholder Bulldog Investors, Llc Buys 12,500 Shares of Stock” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/jpmorgan-china-region-fund-inc-jfc-major-shareholder-bulldog-investors-llc-buys-12500-shares-of-stock.html. About JPMorgan China Region Fund JPMorgan China Region Fund, Inc is a non-diversified closed-end management investment company. The Fund seeks to achieve long-term capital appreciation through investments primarily in equity securities of companies with substantial assets in, or revenues derived from, the People’s Republic of China (China), Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau, collectively, the China Region. Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 240% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/11/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 240% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/11/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The Greatest Threat to Banks May Surprise You The greatest threat facing banks today has nothing to do with interest rates, the next recession, or even regulations. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) May 11, 2017 at 11:47AM Digital banking is transforming bank business models, but it isn't the biggest long-term threat to banks. That distinction goes to open application programming interfaces, or open APIs. These are dedicated channels through which data is exchanged between a bank and third-party financial service providers, such as fintech companies. The upside of open APIs In January, JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) said that it would "use technology that will allow customers to authorize Chase to electronically share financial data securely with Intuit's financial management applications, such as Mint, TurboTax Online and QuickBooks Online." That technology, as the press release went on to note, consisted of open APIs: Chase and Intuit will use a business-to-business, data-sharing connection called an application-programming interface to download the information quickly and safely. It uses a token to authorize Intuit to download the requested account information on behalf of the customer without requiring customers to give Intuit their Chase user name and password. JPMorgan Chase is the first big bank to announce an agreement like this. Previously, Intuit used screen-scraping technology to get the data. It would log into customers' online bank accounts, copy the data from the screen, and then paste it into whatever app(s) the customers used. But screen-scraping puts pressure on a bank's servers, which explains in part why JPMorgan Chase prefers to route the data through an API. APIs are akin to pipes through which data flows. Image source: Getty Images. Additionally, screen-scraping tends to gather more information than necessary, as JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon pointed out in his 2015 shareholder letter: When we all readily click "I agree" online or on our mobile devices, allowing third-party access to our bank accounts and financial information, it is fairly clear that most of us have no idea what we are agreeing to or how that information might be used by a third party. We have analyzed many of the contracts of these third parties and have come to the following conclusions: - Far more information is taken than the third party needs in order to do its job. - Many third parties sell or trade information in a way customers may not understand, and the third parties, quite often, are doing it for their own economic benefit -- not for the customer's benefit. - Often this is being done on a daily basis for years after the customer signed up for the services, which they may no longer be using. The downside of open APIs While there's no question that open APIs offer considerable benefits, and to a certain extent are inevitable, they could also transform how people bank, as well as how sticky they are as customers. For instance, JPMorgan Chase customers that use Intuit's Mint app will almost certainly log on to Chase's app less frequently to check their account balance or transaction history. If they can do so on Mint, and that's where they manage their finances, there's no reason to also check the Chase app. This interjects a third-party between a bank and its customers, reducing a bank's opportunity to cross-sell additional financial products. The impact of this can be substantial. When Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) eliminated product sales goals in its branches after its fake-account scandal, new credit card applications fell by over 40%. The iconic Wells Fargo stagecoach. Image source: Wells Fargo. Open APIs also seem destined to make it easier for customers to switch banks.  Think of the hassle and headache it takes to switch primary banking relationships today. This is especially true for customers with multiple financial products. Direct deposit and automatic bill pay further increase switching costs, especially for customers who live paycheck to paycheck and thus don't have the funds to seed a new account at a different bank. Open APIs could ease this by automating the process of transferring accounts between banks. And it could be done in a way that minimizes the risk of an overdraft in the course of the transfer. This would trim the time, cost, and inconvenience of changing banks. And by doing so, open APIs would dramatically reduce, if not eliminate, switching costs. It's hard to say exactly how this would play out for banks, but it'd almost certainly open them up to a wave of new competition. John Maxfield owns shares of Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info May 11, 2017 at 11:47AM Financials Stocks JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $87.16 down $0.27 (-0.31%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $53.74 down $0.98 (-1.79%) Read More A Foolish Take: An Ominous Sign for the Economy Why Did Wells Fargo Shares Tumble on Thursday? Why Was Wells Fargo Left in the Dust Last Quarter? Wells Fargo Stock History: Will the Banking Giant Recover? How Much Will Higher Interest Rates Help Wells Fargo? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The Greatest Threat to Banks May Surprise You @themotleyfool #stocks $JPM, $WFC
Abortion News Abortion Illinois Governor’s Abortion ‘Flip-Flop’ Blocks Abortion Funding May 11, 2017 Nicole Knight Trending on Abortion Nebraska Democrat With Anti-Choice Record Loses Mayoral Bid This Georgia Democrat Is Aiming To Be the Nation’s First Black Woman Governor Trump Administration Reverses Course on Obamacare’s Civil Rights Protections More on Abortion Contraception Analysis Religion Trump’s Recent Order Advances His Discrimination Agenda, Advocates Say May 11, 2017 Auditi Guha Trending on Contraception Trump Administration Reverses Course on Obamacare’s Civil Rights Protections Trump’s Religious Imposition Order Worse Than Advertised Trump’s ‘Coordinated Effort’ to Destroy Reproductive Health Care More on Contraception Economic Justice Analysis Politics It’s Time Democrats Change Their Stories About the Deficit May 10, 2017 Dean Baker Trending on Economic Justice With Health-Care Bill, GOP Forgets That People With Disabilities Vote Here’s How Republicans’ Health-Care Vote Has Already Changed Their Midterm Prospects Flint Residents Could Lose Their Homes Over Massive Bills for Poisoned Water More on Economic Justice Politics News Politics Trump Executive Order: Investigate Baseless Voter Fraud Allegations May 11, 2017 Ally Boguhn Trending on Politics With Health-Care Bill, GOP Forgets That People With Disabilities Vote Here’s How Republicans’ Health-Care Vote Has Already Changed Their Midterm Prospects Nebraska Democrat With Anti-Choice Record Loses Mayoral Bid More on Politics Race Analysis Human Rights Where Trump’s Policies Sow Fear, New Campaign Argues, ‘Corporate Backers of Hate’ Stand to Profit May 11, 2017 Kari Lindberg Trending on Race The Ina May Gaskin Racial Gaffe Heard ‘Round the Midwifery World Why We Must Not Forget Standing Rock One in Six Women Will Lose Under GOP Health Policy More on Race Law and Policy News Abortion Illinois Governor’s Abortion ‘Flip-Flop’ Blocks Abortion Funding May 11, 2017 Nicole Knight Trending on Law and Policy With Health-Care Bill, GOP Forgets That People With Disabilities Vote Here’s How Republicans’ Health-Care Vote Has Already Changed Their Midterm Prospects Flint Residents Could Lose Their Homes Over Massive Bills for Poisoned Water More on Law and Policy LGBTQ Analysis Religion Trump’s Recent Order Advances His Discrimination Agenda, Advocates Say May 11, 2017 Auditi Guha Trending on LGBTQ Traveling While Trans: Airport Security Sees Your Genitals as Cause for Alarm Trump Administration Reverses Course on Obamacare’s Civil Rights Protections Love, Then Marriage … Then Baby in the Baby Carriage? More on LGBTQ Religion Analysis Religion Trump’s Recent Order Advances His Discrimination Agenda, Advocates Say May 11, 2017 Auditi Guha Trending on Religion Trump’s Religious Imposition Order Worse Than Advertised White House’s ‘Religious Liberty’ Order Still Likely to Lead to Discrimination ‘Our Patients Aren’t Stupid’: New Study Finds Mandatory Waiting Periods, Counseling Don’t Work as Intended More on Religion Media Culture & Conversation Media A Q&A With Jose Antonio Vargas on His Film Festival, ‘An Act of Cultural Intervention’ May 10, 2017 Tina Vasquez Trending on Media With ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ Series, There’s Fresh Terror in the Tweaks Responses to Serena Williams’ Pregnancy Are Steeped in the Racism and Sexism She’s Long Faced Author Jill Filipovic on the Radical Notion That Women Deserve Pleasure and Joy More on Media Sexual Health News Health Systems Meet the People Trumpcare Hurts the Most May 11, 2017 Nicole Knight Trending on Sexual Health One in Six Women Will Lose Under GOP Health Policy Meet the People Trumpcare Hurts the Most Does Anyone Believe Oral Sex Is Risky Anymore? More on Sexual Health Violence Culture & Conversation Media A Q&A With Jose Antonio Vargas on His Film Festival, ‘An Act of Cultural Intervention’ May 10, 2017 Tina Vasquez Trending on Violence Why We Must Not Forget Standing Rock One in Six Women Will Lose Under GOP Health Policy Pennsylvania Doubles Down on Revoking Child-Care License for Controversial Family Detention Center More on Violence Human Rights News Abortion Illinois Governor’s Abortion ‘Flip-Flop’ Blocks Abortion Funding May 11, 2017 Nicole Knight Trending on Human Rights Traveling While Trans: Airport Security Sees Your Genitals as Cause for Alarm With Health-Care Bill, GOP Forgets That People With Disabilities Vote Here’s How Republicans’ Health-Care Vote Has Already Changed Their Midterm Prospects More on Human Rights Science Analysis Environment Why We Must Not Forget Standing Rock May 8, 2017 Dr. Elizabeth Ellis Trending on Science Why We Must Not Forget Standing Rock Trump Administration at Odds With Scientists and Advocates Why the March for Science Matters to Reproductive Health, Rights, and Justice More on Science Sexuality Culture & Conversation Media A Q&A With Jose Antonio Vargas on His Film Festival, ‘An Act of Cultural Intervention’ May 10, 2017 Tina Vasquez Trending on Sexuality With ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ Series, There’s Fresh Terror in the Tweaks A Q&A With Jose Antonio Vargas on His Film Festival, ‘An Act of Cultural Intervention’ More on Sexuality Health Systems Sara Castellano Commentary Abortion The Abortion Story I Didn’t Expect to Tell May 11, 2017 Trending on Health Systems With Health-Care Bill, GOP Forgets That People With Disabilities Vote One in Six Women Will Lose Under GOP Health Policy What the New Health-Care Bill Means for Chronically Ill People Like Me and Our Families More on Health Systems Family Sara Castellano Commentary Abortion The Abortion Story I Didn’t Expect to Tell May 11, 2017 Trending on Family With Health-Care Bill, GOP Forgets That People With Disabilities Vote The Ina May Gaskin Racial Gaffe Heard ‘Round the Midwifery World White House’s ‘Religious Liberty’ Order Still Likely to Lead to Discrimination More on Family Maternity and Birthing Elizabeth Dawes Gay Commentary Maternity and Birthing Could Increasing the Number of Black Health-Care Providers Fix Our Maternal Health Problem? May 9, 2017 Trending on Maternity and Birthing The Ina May Gaskin Racial Gaffe Heard ‘Round the Midwifery World Love, Then Marriage … Then Baby in the Baby Carriage? With ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ Series, There’s Fresh Terror in the Tweaks More on Maternity and Birthing Environment Roundups Environment On World Water Day, a Spotlight on U.S. Public Water Systems Mar 22, 2016 Kanya D’Almeida Trending on Environment Why We Must Not Forget Standing Rock With ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ Series, There’s Fresh Terror in the Tweaks Judicial Announcements Show Conservatives Coming for Abortion Rights More on Environment Sections Search Rewire Where Trump’s Policies Sow Fear, New Campaign Argues, ‘Corporate Backers of Hate’ Stand to Profit May 12, 2017 Justice Neil Gorsuch False Witnesses Subscribe Donate Your Reading List Where Trump’s Policies Sow Fear, New Campaign Argues, ‘Corporate Backers of Hate’ Stand to Profit ‘Crimmigration’ and the Need for Actual Sanctuary Cities Pennsylvania Doubles Down on Revoking Child-Care License for Controversial Family Detention Center Search Rewire Go Analysis Human Rights Where Trump’s Policies Sow Fear, New Campaign Argues, ‘Corporate Backers of Hate’ Stand to Profit May 11, 2017, 9:55am Kari Lindberg “We are launching this campaign today because we know the extent to which President Trump is able to implement his anti-immigrant, anti-worker agenda actually depends heavily on how much collaboration he is able to muster." Facebook Twitter Email Permalink Instapaper Print An In the Public Interest report noted that a syndicate of "at least six banks," including Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase, "has loaned GEO Group $450 million through the company's revolving credit." Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Trending Today This Week What the New Health-Care Bill Means for Chronically Ill People Like Me and Our Families Meet the People Trumpcare Hurts the Most Nebraska Democrat With Anti-Choice Record Loses Mayoral Bid The Abortion Story I Didn’t Expect to Tell Trump’s Recent Order Advances His Discrimination Agenda, Advocates Say Where Trump’s Policies Sow Fear, New Campaign Argues, ‘Corporate Backers of Hate’ Stand to Profit Judicial Announcements Show Conservatives Coming for Abortion Rights Texas GOP Passes Bill Letting Adoption Agencies Discriminate Against LGBTQ People, Non-Christians Traveling While Trans: Airport Security Sees Your Genitals as Cause for Alarm With Health-Care Bill, GOP Forgets That People With Disabilities Vote Here’s How Republicans’ Health-Care Vote Has Already Changed Their Midterm Prospects Flint Residents Could Lose Their Homes Over Massive Bills for Poisoned Water Nebraska Democrat With Anti-Choice Record Loses Mayoral Bid The Ina May Gaskin Racial Gaffe Heard ‘Round the Midwifery World Why We Must Not Forget Standing Rock One in Six Women Will Lose Under GOP Health Policy Rewire All the latest news, analysis and commentary delivered to you. Subscribe Last month, immigrant and workers’ rights groups, led by the Center for Popular Democracy and Make the Road New York, launched the “Corporate Backers of Hate” campaign. The groups are targeting nine corporations that, activists argue, stand to profit off of policies pushed by President Donald Trump. These include several companies whose CEOs sit on the president’s Business Council. “We are launching this campaign today because we know the extent to which President Trump is able to implement his anti-immigrant, anti-worker agenda actually depends heavily on how much collaboration he is able to muster,” said Ana Maria Archila, co-executive director of the Center for Popular Democracy, during a press conference. “On immigration, for instance, the White House will rely on the work of private companies to provide the funding, software, and manpower to ramp up deportations, to build detention facilities, and to build a border wall.” The companies include JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs, Boeing, Disney, IBM, Uber, and the Blackstone Group. Many are being targeted for their direct financial ties to private prison and immigrant detention companies, namely GEO Group and CoreCivic (formerly Corrections Corporation of America, or CCA). For example, as of June 2016, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase each provided CoreCivic (then CCA) $14.3 million worth of loans, according to a report published by In the Public Interest last year. That report also noted that a syndicate of “at least six banks,” including Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase, “has loaned GEO Group $450 million through the company’s revolving credit.”  “By providing CCA and GEO Group with debt financing, the banks are complicit with the private prison companies in contributing to and enabling mass incarceration and the criminalization of immigration,” the report states. Appreciate our work? Rewire is a non-profit independent media publication. Your tax-deductible contribution helps support our research, reporting, and analysis. DONATE NOW Private prisons hold 8 percent of the country’s prison population but 65 percent of all immigration detainees, according to a Department of Homeland Security (DHS) report released in 2016. According to Community Initiatives for Visiting Immigrants in Confinement (CIVIC), GEO Group and CoreCivic combined detain approximately 15,000 detainees on any given day. Since the election, stocks in both companies have more than doubled. And with DHS already trying to hire more than 10,000 new immigration officers and 5,000 more border control agents under Trump’s ramped-up immigration enforcement, stock analysts forecast the value of private prison companies will only continue to grow. Meanwhile, the Campaign Legal Center (CLC), a nonpartisan organization that works to enforce campaign finance laws at federal, state, and local levels, argues that GEO Group may have violated the law to support and back Trump’s campaign before his election. A letter submitted by CLC to the Federal Election Commission on December 20 shows evidence that GEO Group may have illegally donated $225,000 to the Trump-affiliated super PAC Rebuilding American Now, in violation of the 75-year-old ban on government contractors making political contributions. Federal contracts make up 45 percent of both GEO Group and CoreCivic’s annual revenue.   “By contributing to a super PAC closely associated with Trump—the only presidential nominee to endorse private prisons—GEO presumably sought to influence the government contracting process and to ensure that a Trump administration would protect its access to taxpayer dollars,” said Brendan Fischer, associate counsel for the CLC, in a statement published on the organization’s website. Both GEO Group and CoreCivic have been accused of human rights violations at their facilities, including in a recent Human Rights Watch/CIVIC report noting the substandard—to a sometimes fatal degree—medical care for individuals in immigration detention centers run by the companies. GEO Group, for example, is involved in an ongoing lawsuit that alleges the company forced tens of thousands of immigrant detainees to work for $1 a day or nothing at all; it’s the first time a judge has allowed a class-action suit against a private prison company to proceed. CoreCivic, meanwhile, has been accused of cutting costs at the risk of endangering guards and prisoners, as reported by Mother Jones‘ Shane Bauer, who spent four months undercover as a guard in a CoreCivic Louisiana prison.  The first phase of the “Corporate Backers of Hate” campaign, which begins in May and will last through the summer, involves educating communities on the role of corporations in allowing the private prison system, and other systems that propagate injustice, to thrive. In this way, emphasized Matt Nelson, executive director of Presente, during the press conference, partner organizations across the country will “enact wide-scale corporate accountability.” On May Day, campaign supporters marched in New York City, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Washington, D.C., and other primarily urban areas around the country. As part of these protests, Gothamist reports, 12 people were arrested for civil disobedience for blocking the entrances to the main JPMorgan Chase in Manhattan. In Charlotte, North Carolina, campaign supporters were denied entrance to the main headquarters of Bank of America while seeking to present the bank’s staff with a letter requesting that it distance itself from Trump’s immigration policies. (Though Bank of America is not specifically being targeted, the action in Charlotte was associated with the campaign.) According to the groups involved, the campaign will also include a series of escalating direct actions. For instance, the campaign’s website allows users to send messages directly to CEOs and board members of the nine corporations, demand they withdraw their support for various projects that endanger human rights. Though none of the nine companies have provided public reactions to the campaign—including any response to Rewire’s requests for comment—some of those affected by Trump’s policies say they feel heartened by the efforts. Manuel A., who attended the Backers of Hate press conference, was detained in 2014 after fleeing El Salvador. While fighting his asylum case, he says, he was detained in a jail run by CoreCivic in Elizabeth, New Jersey. “If this campaign had existed while I was detained it would have been such a big support to me; [showing] there’s a community of support to free immigrants like me,” Manuel wrote to Rewire in an email, via a translator. “The worst thing about being detained so far from your loved ones is feeling alone, like no one remembers you exist.” Related Articles Analysis Human Rights ‘Crimmigration’ and the Need for Actual Sanctuary Cities May 9, 3:49pm Tina Vasquez News Human Rights Pennsylvania Doubles Down on Revoking Child-Care License for Controversial Family Detention Center May 5, 1:04pm Renée Feltz News Human Rights Texas GOP: Treat Detention Centers as Child-Care Facilities Mar 30, 4:32pm Tina Vasquez Analysis Human Rights Is ICE Trying to End Public Oversight of Detention Conditions? Mar 29, 12:30pm Renée Feltz Load More Abortion Contraception Economic Justice Environment Family Family Planning Health Systems Human Rights Law and Policy LGBTQ Maternity and Birthing Media Politics Race Religion Science Sexual Health Sexuality Violence False Witnesses State of Abortion Tracking Texas Abortion Access Legislative Tracker Laws Cases States Topics Multimedia Videos Podcasts Photos About Us About Rewire Staff Contributors Contact Us RSS Subscribe Jobs Pitching Guidelines Rewire Facebook Twitter Tumblr © 2017 Rewire. All rights reserved. Subscribe Donate Front page Sections Editorial News Commentary Analysis Investigations Culture & Conversation ABLC Blog Roundups Legislative Tracker Cases Laws Organizations People States Topics Multimedia Podcasts Videos Photos About Us About Rewire Staff Contributors Contact Us RSS Subscribe Jobs Pitching Guidelines False Witnesses State of Abortion Tracking Texas Abortion Access Facebook Twitter Tumblr Topics Abortion Contraception Economic Justice Politics Race Law and Policy LGBTQ Religion Media Sexual Health Violence Human Rights Science Family Planning Sexuality Health Systems Family Maternity and Birthing Environment Freedom of the press is under direct threat by the Trump Administration. Now more than ever, we need evidence-based reporting on health, rights, and justice. I AGREE Thank you for reading Rewire!
BREAKING NEWS: PM Nawaz leaves for China on six-day visit … Why we should embrace competition? I … PSX: prepping for emerging market … Remittances: brace for the fall … PIA gains losses … UN, World Bank reinforce partnership to end hunger, poverty … PML-N govt gets honour of providing interest free loans to farmers: CM … German stocks lose 0.36pc Thursday … ATC issues arrest warrants of Altaf Hussain in hate speeches cases … Stocks, US dollar drop amid political uncertainty … Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper Reviews Home »Business & Finance » Banking & Finance » JPMorgan to add bankers in Saudi Arabia to reflect market growth Banking & Finance JPMorgan to add bankers in Saudi Arabia to reflect market growth Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui May 11th, 2017 18:21 0 DUBAI: JPMorgan will increase the number of bankers it has in Saudi Arabia to around 80 by the end of the year to capitalise on the increase in equity market activity and mergers and acquisitions in the kingdom, a senior executive said. Saudi Arabia has unveiled about $200 billion of privatisation of state-owned companies over the next few years, selling stakes in everything from hospitals to airports. The kingdom is also listing oil company Saudi Aramco, which it expects will raise another $100 billion. "We're invested in investment banking and our equities brokerage capabilities as we expect more activity in the equity market with all the changes that are going on," Sjoerd Leenart, head of JPMorgan's regional head for the Middle East, Turkey and Africa, told Reuters on Thursday. "We have about 70 people now and will go to around 80 at year end." Leenart said the bank can also draw on expertise from outside the region. "There's a very important balance to maintain between having expertise on the ground and drawing on industry expertise sitting in the US or UK," he said. JPMorgan, which sources have told Reuters has been appointed as a financial adviser to help in the listing of Aramco, has been in kingdom for more than 80 years. JPMorgan has declined to comment on its advisory role. "From 2018 onwards, we expect a busy agenda in terms of IPO listings and trade sales to strategic and financial buyers," Leenart said. The bank has had an active year so far in 2017, advising on M&A transactions and the sale of the sovereign's $9 billion sukuk. Credit Agricole picked it to advise it on a potential sale of the French bank's 31 percent stake in Banque Saudi Fransi, valued at nearly $2.4 billion, sources told Reuters on March 8. JPMorgan is also advising Riyadh-based ACWA Power on a move by Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund, the Public Investment Fund (PIF), to buy a stake, sources close to the matter told Reuters in November. Leenart said the firm is also investing in its Saudi custody business, but did not give specific details.   Copyright Reuters, 2017  Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous US weekly jobless filings fall; producer prices rebound strongly Next Conab raises Brazil 2016/17 soybean crop forecast to 113mn tonnes Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Close Top
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 12 May 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology JPMorgan to add bankers in Saudi Arabia to reflect market growth Fund led by Dubai billionaire Alabbar buys UAE website JadoPado Saudi Electricity in market for $1bln loan Saudi's Al Borg Medical agrees to buy UAE's Anglo Arabian's lab Dubai developer pushes ahead with two upscale launches Dubai Land Department to introduce changes to free zone lease registration Dubai rents under pressure Qatar: Concentration of real estate loans can be a risk to banks Dubai developer pushes ahead with two upscale launches Free Zones play vital role in post-oil economy, says DP World Chairman, CEO Mideast construction sector moves fast on dispute resolution Dubai's Nakheel construction tender for RIU resort Egypt starts weaning itself off foreign gas as output surges Saudi Electricity in market for $1bln loan OPEC sees much higher oil supply from rivals in 2017 Vitol executive says oil market not seeing expected destocking JPMorgan to add bankers in Saudi Arabia to reflect market growth Fund led by Dubai billionaire Alabbar buys UAE website JadoPado Saudi Electricity in market for $1bln loan National Bank of Kuwait mandates banks for potential dollar bond Qatar Islamic Bank mandates banks for dollar sukuk Tunisia starts preparatory work for debut sukuk issuance Dubai's smart system to track water container refills goes live this month Sharjah sees no need for bond issuance in near future Why Snap's shares plunged after first earnings? Fund led by Dubai billionaire Alabbar buys UAE website JadoPado UK's BT to cut 4,000 jobs after 'challenging' year UAE's Etisalat Nigeria telecom loan talks with banks stall Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global U.N. has a million questions on Syria after Astana deal Lebanon pushed to brink in election law stand-off Saudi Arabia says financed deficit from current account in Q1 Egypt's inflation hits three-decade high OPEC sees much higher oil supply from rivals in 2017 Saudi's Al Borg Medical agrees to buy UAE's Anglo Arabian's lab Saudi Arabia says financed deficit from current account in Q1 GCC expats can still get tourist visa for $13 U.N. has a million questions on Syria after Astana deal Lebanon pushed to brink in election law stand-off Lebanese PM opens UAE's Consular Service Centre in Beirut Arab Spring effect: Second-citizenship business booms amid global strife Sudan inflation hits 34.81% in April Egypt starts weaning itself off foreign gas as output surges Arab Spring effect: Second-citizenship business booms amid global strife Egypt's inflation hits three-decade high JPMorgan to add bankers in Saudi Arabia to reflect market growth Arab Spring effect: Second-citizenship business booms amid global strife Muslims abroad must respect local law on veils Iran's Supreme Leader warns against disrupting presidential vote Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Egypt starts weaning itself off foreign gas as output surges OPEC sees much higher oil supply from rivals in 2017 National Bank of Kuwait mandates banks for potential dollar bond UAE's Waha Capital reports $24mln net profit in Q1 JPMorgan to add bankers in Saudi Arabia to reflect market growth Fund led by Dubai billionaire Alabbar buys UAE website JadoPado Saudi's Al Borg Medical agrees to buy UAE's Anglo Arabian's lab UAE's Waha Capital reports $24mln net profit in Q1 National Bank of Kuwait mandates banks for potential dollar bond Dollar hits 8-week highs vs yen Saudi's ACWA Power announces pricing of $814mln bond Europe shares steady; dollar down on Comey sacking Egypt starts weaning itself off foreign gas as output surges OPEC sees much higher oil supply from rivals in 2017 Vitol executive says oil market not seeing expected destocking Oil prices rise on falling US crude stocks, Saudi supply cut to Asia Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law GCC expats can still get tourist visa for $13 Arab Spring effect: Second-citizenship business booms amid global strife Qatar: Draft law to specify rules for economic zones Motorists in UAE to get incentives to buy electric cars Lebanon pushed to brink in election law stand-off GCC expats can still get tourist visa for $13 Arab Spring effect: Second-citizenship business booms amid global strife Qatar: Draft law to specify rules for economic zones Arab Spring effect: Second-citizenship business booms amid global strife Pakistan army, government resolve sensitive leaks row VAT: What GCC can learn from the Malaysian experience Probe into helicopter's ditching off Abu Dhabi Arab Spring effect: Second-citizenship business booms amid global strife Dubai Land Department to introduce changes to free zone lease registration Superlative: Bugatti vrooms into its world’s largest showroom in Dubai UAE's Union Coop offers up to 75% discounts this Ramadan Muslims abroad must respect local law on veils Saudi Shoura intent on enabling women to drive How a selfie can potentially get you deported Saudis lash out after radical preacher ‘insults’ women Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports History you can taste... the chocolate museum Muslims abroad must respect local law on veils U.S. likely to expand airline laptop ban to Europe -govt officials ICC Champions Trophy: Yuvraj looks to fire again The virtual doctor will see you now Get free vaccination for measles in Oman Qatar launches 5-year plan on cancer care Diabetics risk going blind, warn doctors 180 Palestinian teachers vetted to work in Kuwait Excellent performance allowance: Kuwait hikes number of attendance days for teachers Despite low funding, literacy spread among women in past 50 years Pricey schools in Dubai indifferent to new parents: Survey History you can taste... the chocolate museum Super Sale Success in UAE: For limited time only? Saudi TV sign language keeps deaf audience in news loop Lebanon gets inked at first Tattoo Festival History you can taste... the chocolate museum U.S. likely to expand airline laptop ban to Europe -govt officials UN looks at global approach to laptop ban Bahrain drops visa fees for Turkish nationals Salman Khan begins shooting for new film in Abu Dhabi Shah Rukh Khan visits children hospital in Dubai Lifting veil on fake news about Saudi TV 'censoring' Merkel's hair Passionate speeches take spotlight at MTV awards Soccer-Infantino hits out at 'FIFA bashing' and 'fake news' ICC Champions Trophy: Yuvraj looks to fire again Sharapova's wildcards driven by media coverage - Murray Sharapova set for wildcard entry in Birmingham Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Markets Equities Article financial services US's JPMorgan to add bankers in Saudi Arabia to reflect market growth 11 May, 2017 Workers are reflected in the windows of the Canary Wharf offices of JP Morgan in London September 19, 2013. REUTERS/Neil Hall By Saeed Azhar and Tom Arnold DUBAI, May 11 (Reuters) - JPMorgan will increase the number of bankers it has in Saudi Arabia to around 80 by the end of the year to capitalise on the increase in equity market activity and mergers and acquisitions in the kingdom, a senior executive said. Saudi Arabia has unveiled about $200 billion of privatisation of state-owned companies over the next few years, selling stakes in everything from hospitals to airports. The kingdom is also listing oil company Saudi Aramco, which it expects will raise another $100 billion. "We're invested in investment banking and our equities brokerage capabilities as we expect more activity in the equity market with all the changes that are going on," Sjoerd Leenart, head of JPMorgan's Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region, told Reuters on Thursday. "We have about 70 people now and will go to around 80 at year end." Advertisement Leenart said the bank can also also draw on expertise from outside the region. "There's a very important balance to maintain between having expertise on the ground and drawing on industry expertise sitting in the U.S. or UK," he said. JPMorgan, which sources have told Reuters has been appointed as a financial adviser to help in the listing of Aramco, has been in kingdom for more than 80 years. JPMorgan has declined to comment on its advisory role. "From 2018 onwards, we expect a busy agenda in terms of IPO listings and trade sales to strategic and financial buyers," Leenart said. The bank has had an active year so far in 2017, advising on M&A transactions and the sale of the sovereign's $9 billion sukuk. Credit Agricole picked it to advise it on a potential sale of the French bank's 31 percent stake in Banque Saudi Fransi , valued at nearly $2.4 billion, sources told Reuters on March 8. JPMorgan is also advising Riyadh-based ACWA Power on a move by Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund, the Public Investment Fund (PIF), to buy a stake, sources close to the matter told Reuters in November. Leenart said the firm is also investing in its Saudi custody business, but did not give specific details. (Editing by Alexander Smith) ((Saeed.Azhar@thomsonreuters.com; +65-64035664 ; Reuters Messaging: saeed.azhar.reuters.com@reuters.net)) © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: saudi arabia equities ipo oil and gas Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Dubai Ruler appoints Major General Abdullah Al Marri as member of Expo 2020 Preparatory Committee Major General Abdullah Khalifa Al Marri as a member of Expo 2020 Preparatory Committee. 24 hours ago UAE hospitality consultant Glee Hospitality Solutions appoints three new assistant project managers to its team 2 days ago UAE's Aramex appoints Oliver Barthel as Chief Digital Officer 2 days ago UAE's Arabtec Holding announces the appointment of Gavin Appleby as Managing Director of EFECO Gavin Appleby appointed as Managing Director of EFECO, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group. 2 days ago New head of German Siemens Mobility to lead digital transport infrastructure in Middle East 09 May 2017 Meet the team: Tattoria Toscana appoints new General Manager and Head Chef 09 May 2017  from Action Group Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Home Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business & Economy Business & Economy Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Jobs Media Search form Search The Middle East’s Leading English Language Daily Search form Search Last updated: 21 min 1 sec ago Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Editorial Letters Media Jobs Ballet isolated in Egypt but it fires passions Ballet isolated in Egypt but it fires passions Watch: UAE street cleaner praised online for helping elderly lady Donald Trump Jr. to give speech at American University of Dubai graduation Trump: I was going to fire that ‘showboat’ no matter what Saudi Crown prince inaugurates 17th Scientific Forum for Haj, Umrah and Visit Research King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology unveils strategic drone program Saqr 1 ‘Allow youth in’: Campaigners against rejecting young men at restaurants demand KSRelief participates in humanitarian aid conference Yemen needs $70bn for reconstruction, development You are here Home Business & Economy JPMorgan to add bankers in Saudi Arabia to reflect market growth Business & Economy JPMorgan to add bankers in Saudi Arabia to reflect market growth /node/1097916/business-economy JPMorgan to add bankers in Saudi Arabia to reflect market growth Reuters | Published — Thursday 11 May 2017 View shows the King Abdullah Financial District, north of Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, March 1, 2017. (REUTERS) DUBAI: JPMorgan will increase the number of bankers it has in Saudi Arabia to around 80 by the end of the year to capitalize on the increase in equity market activity and mergers and acquisitions in the kingdom, a senior executive said. Saudi Arabia has unveiled about $200 billion of privatization of state-owned companies over the next few years, selling stakes in everything from hospitals to airports. The kingdom is also listing oil company Saudi Aramco, which it expects will raise another $100 billion. “We’re invested in investment banking and our equities brokerage capabilities as we expect more activity in the equity market with all the changes that are going on,” Sjoerd Leenart, head of JPMorgan’s Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region, told Reuters on Thursday. “We have about 70 people now and will go to around 80 at year end.” Leenart said the bank can also also draw on expertise from outside the region. “There’s a very important balance to maintain between having expertise on the ground and drawing on industry expertise sitting in the US or UK,” he said. JPMorgan, which sources have told Reuters has been appointed as a financial adviser to help in the listing of Aramco, has been in kingdom for more than 80 years. JPMorgan has declined to comment on its advisory role. “From 2018 onwards, we expect a busy agenda in terms of IPO listings and trade sales to strategic and financial buyers,” Leenart said. The bank has had an active year so far in 2017, advising on M&A transactions and the sale of the sovereign’s $9 billion sukuk. Credit Agricole picked it to advise it on a potential sale of the French bank’s 31 percent stake in Banque Saudi Fransi, valued at nearly $2.4 billion, sources told Reuters on March 8. JPMorgan is also advising Riyadh-based ACWA Power on a move by Saudi Arabia’s sovereign wealth fund, the Public Investment Fund (PIF), to buy a stake, sources close to the matter told Reuters in November. Leenart said the firm is also investing in its Saudi custody business, but did not give specific details. DUBAI: JPMorgan will increase the number of bankers it has in Saudi Arabia to around 80 by the end of the year to capitalize on the increase in equity market activity and mergers and acquisitions in the kingdom, a senior executive said. Saudi Arabia has unveiled about $200 billion of privatization of state-owned companies over the next few years, selling stakes in everything from hospitals to airports. The kingdom is also listing oil company Saudi Aramco, which it expects will raise another $100 billion. “We’re invested in investment banking and our equities brokerage capabilities as we expect more activity in the equity market with all the changes that are going on,” Sjoerd Leenart, head of JPMorgan’s Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region, told Reuters on Thursday. “We have about 70 people now and will go to around 80 at year end.” Leenart said the bank can also also draw on expertise from outside the region. “There’s a very important balance to maintain between having expertise on the ground and drawing on industry expertise sitting in the US or UK,” he said. JPMorgan, which sources have told Reuters has been appointed as a financial adviser to help in the listing of Aramco, has been in kingdom for more than 80 years. JPMorgan has declined to comment on its advisory role. “From 2018 onwards, we expect a busy agenda in terms of IPO listings and trade sales to strategic and financial buyers,” Leenart said. The bank has had an active year so far in 2017, advising on M&A transactions and the sale of the sovereign’s $9 billion sukuk. Credit Agricole picked it to advise it on a potential sale of the French bank’s 31 percent stake in Banque Saudi Fransi, valued at nearly $2.4 billion, sources told Reuters on March 8. JPMorgan is also advising Riyadh-based ACWA Power on a move by Saudi Arabia’s sovereign wealth fund, the Public Investment Fund (PIF), to buy a stake, sources close to the matter told Reuters in November. Leenart said the firm is also investing in its Saudi custody business, but did not give specific details. Comments View the discussion thread. MORE FROM Business & Economy Boeing suspends 737 MAX flights due to engine issue SEATTLE: Boeing said it had temporarily halted test flights of its new 737 MAX aircraft due to an... BT Group to cut 4,000 jobs worldwide LONDON: Troubled British telecoms giant BT said on Thursday it will axe 4,000 jobs worldwide in a... Samsung names new mobile marketing chief in delayed reshuffle Nissan’s profit growth ‘to stall this year’ Emirates annual profit falls for the first time in five years Emirates flies into turbulence with 82% profit plunge Load more Boeing suspends 737 MAX flights due to engine issue BT Group to cut 4,000 jobs worldwide Samsung names new mobile marketing chief in delayed reshuffle Nissan’s profit growth ‘to stall this year’ Emirates annual profit falls for the first time in five years Emirates flies into turbulence with 82% profit plunge Latest News Ballet isolated in Egypt but it fires passions 3 views Watch: UAE street cleaner praised online for helping elderly lady 99 views Donald Trump Jr. to give speech at American University of Dubai graduation 55 views UK reality show ‘Big Brother’ gets political with ‘culture clash’ 163 views Trump: I was going to fire that ‘showboat’ no matter what 337 views Saudi Crown prince inaugurates 17th Scientific Forum for Haj, Umrah and Visit Research 221 views Opinion — John Defterios — Saudi Arabia’s road to 2030 — Daoud Kuttab — Is Trump Palestine’s new hope? — Dr. Majid Rafizadeh — Iran-North Korea: Weapons and nuclear connections — Sean Wilentz — A long way from Comey to Watergate — Ramzy Baroud — New charter: Should Hamas rewrite the past? — Keyu Jin — China’s OBOR initiative More in Opinion MOST POPULAR Day Week Month Most Read Shared Iranian militia leader talks of full Middle East dominance 4681 views Emirates airline posts 82.5 pct drop in 2016-17 profit 971 views ‘Allow youth in’: Campaigners against rejecting young men at restaurants demand 388 views Trump: I was going to fire that ‘showboat’ no matter what 339 views King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology unveils strategic drone program Saqr 1 311 views Emirates flies into turbulence with 82% profit plunge 300 views Most Read Shared 4 Al-Rajhi properties auctioned for $172m 18351 views Saudi Shoura approves study on reduction of time between calls to prayer 17998 views Saudi deflation continues for third consecutive month: Report 13824 views 32,000 residency violators leave KSA, 100,000 arrested 13162 views Lifting the veil on fake news about Saudi TV ‘censoring’ Merkel’s hair 10870 views Indian student made to remove bra over exam cheat fears 10671 views Most Read Shared One person burns to death after horrific oil tanker accident on Makkah-Jeddah highway 56391 views Eyebrows raised as Saudi father names newborn after US first daughter 53767 views Saudi Royal decree announces new appointments, restores benefits to government employees 51570 views Saudi green card is ‘for investors and scientifically skilled’ 49804 views Saudi women no longer need guardians’ consent to receive services 45533 views Indonesian Qur’an reciter dies live on-air 39712 views Contact Us About Arab news Advertise Privacy & Terms of Service © 2017 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » JPMorgan to add bankers in Saudi Arabia to reflect market growth Facebook posts $3 bn profit in Q1 H-1B effect: Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal JPMorgan to add bankers in Saudi Arabia to reflect market growth JPMORGAN-SAUDI:JPMorgan to add bankers in Saudi Arabia to reflect market growthReuters | May 11, 2017, 06.05 PM IST By Saeed Azhar and Tom Arnold DUBAI, May 11 (Reuters) - JPMorgan will increase the number of bankers it has in Saudi Arabia to around 80 by the end of the year to capitalise on the increase in equity market activity and mergers and acquisitions in the kingdom, a senior executive said. Saudi Arabia has unveiled about $200 billion of privatisation of state-owned companies over the next few years, selling stakes in everything from hospitals to airports. The kingdom is also listing oil company Saudi Aramco, which it expects will raise another $100 billion. "We're invested in investment banking and our equities brokerage capabilities as we expect more activity in the equity market with all the changes that are going on," Sjoerd Leenart, head of JPMorgan's Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region, told Reuters on Thursday. "We have about 70 people now and will go to around 80 at year end." Leenart said the bank can also also draw on expertise from outside the region. "There's a very important balance to maintain between having expertise on the ground and drawing on industry expertise sitting in the U.S. or UK," he said. JPMorgan, which sources have told Reuters has been appointed as a financial adviser to help in the listing of Aramco, has been in kingdom for more than 80 years. JPMorgan has declined to comment on its advisory role. "From 2018 onwards, we expect a busy agenda in terms of IPO listings and trade sales to strategic and financial buyers," Leenart said. The bank has had an active year so far in 2017, advising on M&A transactions and the sale of the sovereign's $9 billion sukuk. Credit Agricole picked it to advise it on a potential sale of the French bank's 31 percent stake in Banque Saudi Fransi, valued at nearly $2.4 billion, sources told Reuters on March 8. JPMorgan is also advising Riyadh-based ACWA Power on a move by Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund, the Public Investment Fund (PIF), to buy a stake, sources close to the matter told Reuters in November. Leenart said the firm is also investing in its Saudi custody business, but did not give specific details. (Editing by Alexander Smith) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web 25 Of The Most Evil People To Exist History Locker Find Modern Tools For A Collaborative Classroom Microsoft Monica Lewinsky's Net Worth Doesn't Make Any Sense Kiwi Report More from The Times of India Justin Trudeau at ‘Khalistan event’ angers India Indian-origin couple's murder in US: Family in shock Indian-American doctor shot dead in Michigan From the Web More From The Times of India Have You Seen These Top Crossover SUVs?Crossover SUV - Sponsored Ads Have You Seen These Top Senior Apartments in CliftonLuxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her CountryLivingly 32 Years Of Daring Outfits By These Fashion MogulsZIMBIO What Could Be Causing Your ED?WebMD Varun Dhawan – Natasha Dalal’s love story Missed twice, underpass gets a new deadline Noida to keep tab on line losses as per UPERC directive Vijender terminates agreement with Queensberry Promotions Young Trinamool leader shot at in Bengal ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular 22-year-old martyred Kashmiri Army officer's first leave became his last AAP demonstrates EVM tampering in Delhi assembly; 'diversionary tactics', says Kapil Mishra IT industry slows, Indian companies ready for large layoffs Feel the Exhilaration in This Performance Luxury Sedan Ad: Acura Kotak Mahindra Bank kicks off Rs 5,700 crore QIP The board of directors of Kotak Mahindra Bank approved and declared opening of its Rs 5,700 crore qualified institutional placement (QIP). The company plans to issue up to 6.2 crore shares at a floor price of Rs 913.24 per share. Asian Paints Q4 profit jumps 10% YoY to Rs 480 crore Asian Paints reported 10.14 per cent rise in consolidated net profit at Rs 479.61 crore for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 against Rs 435.47 crore in the corresponding quarter last year. From around the Web The Most Loyal Dog Breeds You Could Ever Own Frank151 Why It's Time to Consider a German River Cruise Travel Leaders 5 Visual Signs You Are Actually Not Healthy Woman Pretty Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These.. New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads More From The Times of India Angela Merkel arrives without headscarf in Saudi Arabia IndiGo, TruJet to add more wings to UDAN scheme Maharashtra CM calls for industrial growth along coastline Read Moretom arnold dubaiTom Arnoldsjoerd leenartSaudi AramcoSaudi Arabia Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Bank of England: interest rates may need to rise before late 2019 Merck: FDA OKs lung cancer combo treatment, but Jefferies says sell Slovenia gets EU approval to sell 50 pct of NLB bank this year Norway's Songa Offshore Q1 EBITDA seen up 25 pct 1JPMorgan to add bankers in Saudi Arabia to reflect market growth 2Bank of England: interest rates may need to rise before late 2019 3Merck: FDA OKs lung cancer combo treatment, but Jefferies says sell 4Slovenia gets EU approval to sell 50 pct of NLB bank this year 5Norway's Songa Offshore Q1 EBITDA seen up 25 pct Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Gujarat board 12th results Isuzu MU-X HCL Q4 Results  Sensex Triple Talaq Bharatpur wall collapse James Comey Justin Beiber Concert Kapil Mishra TV Shows Sunny Leone Photos Snapdeal Softbank services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Anna Hazare AAP Crisis Lalu Prasad Yadav Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos Baahubali 2 Collection Health & Fitness Tips Rangoli Designs Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics Water Tanker Scam IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table xXx HUDCO IPO Yeh Hai Mohabbatein Kumkum Bhagya Videos Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad JPMorgan to add bankers in Saudi Arabia to reflect market growth By Reuters Published: 08:37 EDT, 11 May 2017 | Updated: 08:37 EDT, 11 May 2017 e-mail By Saeed Azhar and Tom Arnold DUBAI, May 11 (Reuters) - JPMorgan will increase the number of bankers it has in Saudi Arabia to around 80 by the end of the year to capitalise on the increase in equity market activity and mergers and acquisitions in the kingdom, a senior executive said. Saudi Arabia has unveiled about $200 billion of privatisation of state-owned companies over the next few years, selling stakes in everything from hospitals to airports. The kingdom is also listing oil company Saudi Aramco, which it expects will raise another $100 billion. "We're invested in investment banking and our equities brokerage capabilities as we expect more activity in the equity market with all the changes that are going on," Sjoerd Leenart, head of JPMorgan's Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region, told Reuters on Thursday. "We have about 70 people now and will go to around 80 at year end." Leenart said the bank can also also draw on expertise from outside the region. "There's a very important balance to maintain between having expertise on the ground and drawing on industry expertise sitting in the U.S. or UK," he said. JPMorgan, which sources have told Reuters has been appointed as a financial adviser to help in the listing of Aramco, has been in kingdom for more than 80 years. JPMorgan has declined to comment on its advisory role. "From 2018 onwards, we expect a busy agenda in terms of IPO listings and trade sales to strategic and financial buyers," Leenart said. The bank has had an active year so far in 2017, advising on M&amp;A transactions and the sale of the sovereign's $9 billion sukuk. Credit Agricole picked it to advise it on a potential sale of the French bank's 31 percent stake in Banque Saudi Fransi, valued at nearly $2.4 billion, sources told Reuters on March 8. JPMorgan is also advising Riyadh-based ACWA Power on a move by Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund, the Public Investment Fund (PIF), to buy a stake, sources close to the matter told Reuters in November. Leenart said the firm is also investing in its Saudi custody business, but did not give specific details. (Editing by Alexander Smith) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Kim Kardashian flashes her famous curves in figure-hugging black midi dress to take daughter North on ice cream outing for KUWTK scenes Miley Cyrus proudly wears her engagement ring while playing the wholesome surfer girl in new video tribute to hunky fiance Liam Hemsworth  'I actually got confused! Shocked fans go into meltdown after Billie Piper shares a rare picture of her almost identical younger sister Elle Rehab? No thanks! Scott Disick parties with gaggle of blondes amid fears he's 'drinking too much' in wake of Kourtney's new toyboy romance Kourtney Kardashian goes NUDE in pool for photoshoot... while 'jealous' Kylie Jenner and sisters watch on Not an inch of fabric to cover up Worried about beach style this summer? Take inspiration from the A-list and pick the look that works for your personality AND body SPONSORED SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Bethany Platt STABS Gary Windass... while evil boyfriend Nathan prepares to set another vile friend upon her Beanie buddies! Justin Timberlake carries Silas wearing matching skull caps and meets up with Jessica Biel Duo were seen arguing in public last week Strawberry please! North West, three, enjoys ice cream cone on day out with mom Kim Kardashian in LA She turns four next month Peep show! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she wears sheer dress with no bra to Dior show in Los Angeles Beach ballerina! Katy Perry twirls around the sea in blush pink dress on girlie vacation in Mexico  Showcased her stunning physique Solo shopper! Jennifer Aniston enjoys some retail therapy in LA after shooting down any hope of a Friends reunion Spotted loading some new goods into her car  'He wants to kill me... I want to kill him' Aaron Chalmers is involved in heated shoving match with rival Greg Jenkins as they weigh in ahead of MMA debut  'I'm very proud of you': Billie Faiers shows her support for pregnant Ferne McCann... as she prepares to welcome best friend into 'the mummy club' All you need to taste the sunshine is a fork! We show you how to EAT your way around the Mediterranean this summer SPONSORED Pippa Middleton 'asks guests to bring TWO outfits to her wedding' - but are the bride-to-be's growing list of demands becoming a 'tad ridiculous'? I'm a Barbie girl! Blonde Kylie Jenner transforms into a 'plastic and fantastic' living doll for eye-popping new shoot Bright young thing Danniella Westbrook sips a cocktail on a luxurious yacht as she soaks up sun in Spain... after EastEnders SLAM claims she will return to the soap Victoria Beckham looks effortlessly chic as she steps out in New York... after missing out on premiere for husband David's big acting debut in King Arthur Baby-faced raver! Hollyoaks' Tom Cunningham parties in Ibiza as childstar films new scenes for spin off of the Channel 4 soap  Good times Snooze to schmooze! Bella Hadid cuts a tired figure as she touches down in London in bright pink pyjamas before hitting the town in sexy ab-flashing ensemble Booty-ful inside and out! Busty Amber Rose reveals famous derriere in low-cut spandex bodysuit on Instagram Continued to flaunt her body  'I'm single at the moment': One Direction's Niall Horan, 23, says he's in 'no rush' to get into a relationship due to his 'flat out' work schedule Gemma Oaten goes public with new boyfriend Scott Walker at Interlude In Prague premiere in London... following heartbreak over Nick Knowles fling 'They're a bunch of w***ers!' Tommy Mallett and Georgia Kousoulou shock Holly Willoughby by fiercely slamming their TOWIE co-stars on Celebrity Juice Cally-Jane Beech slams 'today's labour procedures' after tough 32-hour birth to welcome daughter Vienna by emergency C-section Revving up! Blac Chyna shares snaps of the $273k red Ferrari she received as a birthay gift... but doesn't reveal who it's from Bright red sportscar Braless Joanna Krupa suffers epic wardrobe malfunction as flashbulbs expose her ample assets and underwear under metallic knitted dress  Tess Daly puts on a leggy display in a zip-up cocktail dress slashed to the thigh as she cosies up to husband Vernon Kay during night out Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley showcases her blossoming baby bump in a figure-hugging black maxi dress as she steps out in Santa Monica Lottie Moss looks sartorially savvy as she flashes her lean legs in tiny shorts and suede jacket for dating app launch In London on Thursday Checkmate! Charli XCX flaunts her washboard abs in quirky batwing crop top and coordinating flares as she enjoys launch party in London Bruce Forsyth's wife Wilnelia, 59, looks timeless in midnight blue ensemble as she makes solo appearance after Strictly legend, 89, was hospitalised 'He's a mini version of ME': Liam Payne claims baby son Bear looks like him during meet or greet with fans... as he shares title and release date of his debut solo single It's Jude 2:0! Law's lookalike son Rafferty cuts a handsome figure as he poses for edgy new Timberland campaign Spitting image Newly-single Vanessa White cosies up to Saturdays bandmate Frankie Bridge's ex Dougie Poynter as they catch up at star-studded hotel launch Dakota Johnson pairs blue-patterned jumpsuit with $190 Gucci plastic slides in Hollywood Has called Gucci designer Alessandro Michele 'a good friend' Focusing on family! Kourtney Kardashian spends time with kids at ice cream museum as 'friends fear ex Scott Disick is spiraling out of control' 'When Virgin don't put your bags on the plane!' Lewis Hamilton looks despondent as he waits for missing luggage 'for over an hour' following flight from Los Angeles Revenge wedding! Emily VanCamp takes to Instagram to announce engagement to Josh Bowman The Canadian actress has her engagement ring 'His loss is tough': Halle Berry posts touching tribute to 'beloved' cat Playdough Posted a tribute to her 'beloved' late cat Playdough 'Did we genuinely miss this?': Eurovision fans left fuming when BBC coverage omits Macedonia contestant's romantic proposal Flocked to Twitter 'Couldn't find one perk in this book': 'Jealous' Harry Styles fans target 1D star's rumoured girlfriend Tess Ward as she receives a string of scathing book reviews Casting her spell! Michelle Pfeiffer, 59, looks enchanting in black pantsuit at the Wizard Of Lies premiere in NYC Knows how to enchant Proving her X Factor! Chloe Paige puts on a leggy display in a plunging gold gown slashed to the thigh as she enjoys night out in London Make-up free Amber Dowding dons skin-tight pink tracksuit as she heads to gym... after TOWIE's Chris Clark dumped Little Mix's Jesy Nelson for her Bring your mum to work day! Jennifer Lopez beams as mother Guadalupe visits her on Shades Of Blue NYC set Gave her a warm hug on the show's set  Giving himself a shake! Nick Jonas slurps protein drink after getting pumped at gym in Los Angeles Showing off his bulging biceps Rosie O'Donnell 'sparks custody battle between her Broadway actress lover and husband' With husband David 'Scott' Schiff  Catherine Tyldesley exudes elegance in a chic Bardot dress as she parties with Corrie co-star Katie McGlynn at perfume bash Looking good Samantha Barks flashes underboob in revealing cut-out LBD as she leads the glamour at premiere of her new film Interlude In Prague A £450,000 collection of designer dresses and £110,000 worth of handbags: Inside Tamara's £1m wardrobe (and what it says about what's inside her head!) Looking Super! Diane Lane joins Faye Dunaway at Paris Can Wait premiere in West Hollywood  It will no doubt be an action extravaganza Adrenaline junkie Tom Cruise can't stop smiling as he races down a Paris street in daring motorbike chase scene for Mission: Impossible 6 Watch this space! Director Ridley Scott brings the Alien saga bursting back to life with hints of his 1979 sci-fi masterpiece  All his hallmarks Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbers had made a previous heist attempt... but were scared off by her husband Kanye West Terrifying ordeal Hugs and kisses! Khloe Kardashian spreads the love with XO sweatshirt as she jets into LA Dressed in head-to-toe camouflage The morning after the knight before! Brooklyn Beckham cuts a trendy figure alongside pal Rocco's girlfriend Kim Turnbull in London... after King Arthur bash 'She had a severe panic attack and collapsed': Stephanie Davis REMAINS in hospital with mystery 'stress-related illness' amid break up   Elisabeth Moss gets VERY steamy with co-star Max Minghella as goes completely NAKED for sex scene in new show The Handmaid's Tale Kylie Jenner goes sporty in crop top as she visits babies with cleft palates during philanthropic Peru trip... after donating $1m for their surgery How I got my Baywatch body back at 49: Donna D'Errico shares more pictures from her extensive plastic surgery transformation  Nicki Minaj and Joe Jonas get close in DNCE's Kissing Strangers music video Rap diva sported a brown-patched bikini top and floral pants  'I was a go-go dancer!': Goldie Hawn reveals she danced on tables for money and took nude photo for Kurt Russell during sexy game with Amy Schumer 'Sincerest regrets': Chanel issues apology after Gabourey Sidibe reveals she was racially profiled at their Chicago boutique  Said sorry Run every town! Jay Z signs massive decade-long $200 million touring contract It seems as though he isn't slowing down anytime soon 'I was asked to do it, and the answer is no': Simon Cowell shuts down any talk of returning for American Idol reboot It's not happening Pregnant Ferne McCann shows off a hint of a bump in chic striped dress as she emerges with a smile on her face... after breaking down in tears live on air Elba's the boss on both sides of the camera: Actor to debut as a director in morality tale movie about a North London drug dealer Starting Monday This Is Us star Chrissy Metz rocks chic LBD as she returns to the red carpet after thanking fans for support following body shaming Unfazed by criticism Sue Perkins and Mel Giedroyc ' frontrunners to host BBC revival of The Generation Game'... months after quitting The Great British Bake Off MasterChef final is tinged with sadness after grandmother who taught contestant to cook sadly dies since it was filmed Last episode   'It affected every part of my life': Jamie O'Hara battled depression after his mother died when he was 17... and sought help because of his sons 'I was sick of taking them': Danniella Westbrook worries fans by admitting she has stopped medication for schizophrenia and clinical depression 'I'm gonna bump you!' Tongue-tied Chris Pratt goes red in the face while playing laugh-out-loud guessing game with Ellen Fits of laughter  Kate Moss and a male pal wear MATCHING khaki jackets in London... after she was left 'pining' for beau Nikolai von Bismark during rehab stint  Gigi Hadid goes casual cool in quirky Tommy Hilfiger jacket on coffee run in New York... and raises eyebrows with new bling on THAT finger 'I feel most confident in the gym': Demi Lovato reveals training MMA is 'definitely therapeutic' as she launches fitness line New range Alexa Chung goes casual chic in oversized sweater and leggings as she enjoys a stroll around New York Showed off her more relaxed style EXCLUSIVE: Attorney lashes out at father of Bella and Gigi Hadid as judge orders him to stand trial and face possible JAIL for illegally built mansion Nephew accused of abusing Katherine Jackson claims she should pay his legal fees as she 'spends thousands every month supporting her children' 'I'm not digging smoking right now': Miley Cyrus QUIT weed because she's 'too busy' to be 'munching at home playing video games' Lana Del Rey swaps glittering gold mini dress for saucy semi-sheer slip in stunning new photo shoot... amid romance rumours with rapper G-Eazy Boxing tale is a thumping tour de force: Jawbone packs an almighty punch, writes BRIAN VINER Stunningly acted, superbly written EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: The BBC's King Charles III inevitably contained plenty of howlers  For example, Prince Charles prefers a belt! 'A budget has been set': Highly-anticipated Downton Abbey film is FINALLY 'set to begin shooting this autumn'... two years after its TV finale Lily and the Downton gang head to Guernsey: Actress speaks about her new role playing a war correspondent  Liked the idea of being an independent woman Harry's heading off in all sorts of directions: Eponymous solo debut from the 1D star is an engaging effort, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  New album Picking up the wedding shoes? Spencer Matthews shops with mother Jane ahead of brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton...as flame Vogue is 'banned' Back to her roots! TOWIE'S Megan McKenna returns to her long raven locks after fooling fans with a bright pink wig Brown locks Cara Delevingne sports a bubblegum pink wig as she shoots scenes new film for Life In A Year... before whipping it off to reveal her shaved head 'This isn't about you': Pregnant Ferne McCann trolled by This Morning viewers after breaking down in tears during first TV appearance since acid attack 'I would be mad too if magazines kept trying to keep us apart': Elsa Pataky breaks silence on 'tense' photos with husband Chris Hemsworth Awkward? Thomas Cohen and girlfriend Zoe Sidel cosy up at Tiffany bash... as his ex Daisy Lowe hits the same star-studded party Three's a crowd Tamara Ecclestone reveals her three-year-old daughter sleeps in her bed EVERY night (and insists her husband 'totally gets it') 'Co-sleeping' method 'We're planning something!': Take That are plotting a reunion tour and new music for 30th anniversary... and want Robbie and Jason on board 'I'm aware that it looks like a giant cigarette': Ashley James shows off her sensational figure in a skimpy bikini as she jokes about bizarre throwback holiday snap  Kourtney Kardashian celebrates new beau Younes Bendjima's birthday over dinner...as ex Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking'  Rob Kardashian digs out old pictures to wish Blac Chyna a happy birthday... after skipping her party with family and friends Boris Becker's ex-wife Barbara, 50, flaunts her long legs in fringed mini-dress as she arrives in style for Duftstars awards in Berlin Kim klone! Ashley Graham continues to channel Kardashian's style as she showcases curves in tight-fitting white two-piece and duster coat Shade! Jessica Chastain does epic eye-roll at Johnny Depp's dependence on earpiece while acting Actor 'has a full-time sound engineer'  Geordie Phwoar! Vicky Pattison shows off her legs in a pretty mini dress covered with flora and fauna embroidery for a summery day out  Cute day dress Vogue Williams shows off hr sideboob as she enjoys sunny holiday... after being 'banned' from Spencer Matthews' brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton 'I asked God to heal my son': Goldie Hawn reveals she turned to prayer when her son Oliver nearly died after birth Was taken to the ICU 13 Reasons Why stars Dylan Minnette and Katherine Langford pose for Entertainment Weekly cover...days after season two renewal Kieran Hayler denies claims wife Katie Price is pregnant in irritable cryptic Instagram video... insisting they 'aren't planning any more babies soon' Do I look good in this? Formula 1 champ Lewis Hamilton snaps a quick selfie during fashion photo shoot in Barcelona Looking uber cool  'Mermaid vibes': TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her incredibly tiny waist and darker braided locks as she poses by the sea for stunning bikini snap Sloane Rangers! Lottie Moss rocks ripped jeans and quirky blue shades as she goes shopping on King's Road with MIC's Emily Blackwell In good spirits PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Tamsin Egerton shows off her blooming bump in a tight T-shirt as she gets cosy with boyfriend Josh Hartnett in the park Tyga's mystery girl revealed! Rapper spotted stepping out with gorgeous Brazilian super star Anitta Her real name is Larissa de Macedo Machado Buckle up! Nicole Scherzinger and French Montana step out in matching beige trench coats as they enjoy night out in LA Denied romance  'He needs to go back to rehab': Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking' as Kourtney Kardashian moves on with toyboy model beau Amy Schumer reveals forgetful Kurt Russell was delighted to meet her for the first time... even though they'd already spent a whole evening together 'He's a great barometer for me:' Zac Efron says he looks to younger brother Dylan for dating advice Turns to his 25-year-old sibling for guidance Kesha turns heads in $823 kooky Gucci platforms and floral suit as she leads the style with long-term love Brad Ashenfelter at star-studded LA premiere This Is Us star Chrissy Metz thanks fans for 'love and support' after getting body shamed for wearing PVC dress to MTV Movie & TV Awards She wore a minidress 'My daily fix of puppy breath': January Jones cuddles up to new fluffy pet pooch Joey Shared a picture snuggled up to her pet pooch 'I never get on a scale!' Curvaceous model Kate Upton reveals she won't go on any crazy diets before wedding to Justin Verlander Not happening Leggy Adriana Lima risks a wardrobe malfunction in sizzling slashed gown while headed to NYC shoot Victoria's Secret Angel was red hot This is the life! Roxanne Pallett is in great spirits in sporty bikini during Portugal getaway... after dramatically leaving The Wedding Singer musical Yo-yo dieter Kirstie Alley indulges in ice cream and cigarette as she makes a Dairy Queen pit stop Treated themselves at a Florida truck stop What's in a name? Beyonce and Jay Z challenged AGAIN over second attempt to trademark Blue Ivy Carter Stranglehold The Fantastic Mr Bonneville: Downton Abbey star Hugh is to portray beloved children's author Roald Dahl in new biopic Coming soon 'A crew of forty, four survivors... ONE distress call': Bill is in mortal danger as Doctor Who confronts dozens of terrifying space zombies Nicole Kidman looks almost unrecognisable in trailer for Top of the Lake: China Girl sporting a grey wig and freckled complexion Who's that girl? That's hardly royal china! Jenna Coleman is a very modern queen as she carries disposable coffee cup while on Victoria set with real-life beau Tom Hughes Her royal cryness! Overwhelmed little boy bursts into tears after meeting Kate in Luxembourg on the latest leg of the royals' Brexit charm offensive Prince Charles reveals his desire to strengthen Britain's 'special relationship' with Ireland - 40 years after his 'honorary grandfather' was killed by the IRA Two houses united in grief: Swedish royals pay their respects to the king's brother-in-law as the Spanish monarchy send off the late Duchess of Calabria The couple that sweats together...! Ivanka Trump and husband Jared Kushner put on a sporty show as they return home after gym session and coffee run 'He's a fraud, and can't cook': Jamie Oliver's calls to bring in a sugar tax to limit obesity is slammed by Australian breakfast TV host Mark Latham 'I wouldn't mind meeting her': Richard Wilkins says he would like 'to have a coffee' with Caitlyn Jenner after she propositioned for a date Made In Chelsea's Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo shows off her pins in a frilled suede skirt as she spends the afternoon frolicking with an array of adorable dogs Coral Queen! Maxima wears a vibrant orange number to welcome the President of Costa Rica to the Netherlands - hours after partying with European royals in Oslo Red hot! Holly Hagan flaunts her ample assets and enviable curves in sizzling in swimsuit in saucy Instagram snap Ex Geordie Shore star Beloved Catweazle and Worzel Gummidge actor Geoffrey Bayldon dies at home at 93 after battling respiratory problems  Beloved British actor Three's a crowd? Newly-single Cara De La Hoyde sizzles in a gold bikini as she eases her heartache in Cape Verde with Alex Bowen and Olivia Buckland He's got a type! Newly-single Tyga enjoys intimate dinner with a mystery girl in LA... who is the spitting image of his rumoured love interest Jordan Ozuna 'She burst into tears!' Busy Philipps surprises mom by wearing wedding dress for parents' 50th anniversary celebration On a Disney cruise Just the two of us! Zoe Saldana and husband Marco Perego leave their boys at home as they share some quality time together Out and about My Modern arrangement: Ariel Winter, 19, reveals her new boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, has moved into her home Going strong  Don't call me Lady Gaga! Singer Stefani Germanotta drops famous stage name for A Star Is Born Reinventing her over-the-top image 'We were invited back to his dressing room...': Petula Clark claims she was propositioned for a THREESOME by Elvis with fellow singer Karen Carpenter Adriana Lima appears to take aim at ex Matt Harvey following booze bender just days after model ditched him and 'rekindled romance with Julian Edelman'  For the Love of fashion: Courtney flaunts her shapely legs in a chic shift dress and pussybow blouse at Cini party in Venice Not her rock chick self Competing with A-Rod? Jennifer Lopez shows off athletic physique in track jacket and clinging tights as she heads to gym in New York Breakaway! American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson set to join rival talent show The Voice... despite singing competition show's ABC return 'People want to create drama!' Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest have been 'transparent'... amid rumors American Idol return will create 'situation' Glam Salma Hayek showcases her enviable style in sizzling pink midi dress as she enjoys a romantic evening with François-Henri Pinault at Cini party in Venice Jingle Bell! Kristen gets animated with Mila Kunis on the Georgia set of A Bad Moms Christmas Was spotted gating rather worked up Young beauty Kaia Gerber, 15, displays striking resemblance to model mother Cindy Crawford, 51, as they enjoy low-key family dinner together in LA The boys are back in town! Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom are mobbed by fans as they hit the world premiere of new Pirates Of The Caribbean film The ultimate troll? Bow Wow claims there's a 'scientific method to his madness' attempting to suggest he purposely did the fake private jet post 'I was never afraid to be a provocative woman': Missy Elliott rocks Marc Jacobs track suit as she reveals inspiration for iconic outfits 'We make decisions as parents now': John Legend reveals he and Chrissy Teigen haven't exposed baby Luna to 'entertainment' yet Protective parents Performing with Glee: Lea Michele wows in plunging grey floral gown with sexy thigh-split as she shows off her dulcet tones at San Francisco gig In a tight spot! Lily James struggles to hold up her stockings and suspenders as she wears 40s costume to film Guernsey scenes on the beach WAG Camille Sold steps out with footballer fiance Morgan Schneiderlin in matching Adidas... paying homage to her past as a sports shop assistant Lily Collins jazzes up her casual jeans with glamorous slick of scarlet lipstick as she catches up with a gal pal over dinner in LA Looked truly stunning Looking fedorable! Drew Barrymore rocks a maroon hat as she channels a flower-power vibe to hail a cab Hailing a cab in New York City 'I truly can't believe it - double digits!' Donald Trump Jr's 'little girl' Kai celebrates 10th birthday alongside her parents, friends, and her aunt Tiffany Action girl! Tom Cruise checks out Mission Impossible 6 co-star Rebecca Ferguson on location in Paris as she struts around him sleek biker leathers Bold look! Charli XCX flaunts her ample cleavage in plunging black bra as she arrives at BBC studios in London Loves a racy ensemble Adrienne Bailon almost falls out of her bizarre one-sleeved shirt on date night with husband  Stepped out to celebrate their friends' birthday 'It's hard to accept help': Made In Chelsea stars Natalie Joel and Lauren Hutton reveal they have battled eating disorders and depression  'He's a talented actor!': Guy Ritchie defends casting David Beckham in King Arthur... but the former footballer insists 'won't be pursuing acting' after backlash Brooklyn Beckham tags along with pal Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull at star-studded King Arthur after-party... but where's dad David? Off-duty chic! Rose Byrne shows off style credentials in layered ensemble as she runs errands in New York Perfected the off-duty look  'My dad is still very much my mum's soulmate': Bindi Irwin breaks her silence on rumours her mother Terri is 'in love' with actor Russell Crowe Carol Vorderman leads outrage as ITV show Benidorm airs 'highly offensive' cleft lip joke which has sparkled 118 complaints to Ofcom Viewers weren't amused Bella Thorne debuts her mermaid curls as she displays her enviably toned physique in a patterned sports bra and cropped tracksuit bottoms On jolly good form! The Queen can't hide her delight as her horse wins a prestigious cup at the Windsor show The monarch wrapped up warm  Don't forget the price tag! Kerry Katona makes embarrassing faux pas as she displays toned pins in denim hot pants on Instagram  Showing them how it's done! BNTM judge Abbey Clancy strips down to a bikini as she cavorts with contestants on yacht for swimwear challenge 'She's the apple of our eyes': Poppy Delevingne insists she is not jealous of sister Cara... admitting supermodel was always destined for greatness Pure and simple: Myleene Klass looks effortlessly cool in a plunging floral maxi dress with sexy thigh-split as she heads to radio studios Cheeky! Kylie Jenner wears nothing but a bra and thong as she shows off generous derriere and ample assets in revealing social media snap 'I screamed and cried through the whole first viewing': Heath Ledger's sister Kate talks about seeing her brother's unseen footage in new documentary Sealed with a kiss!  Kate Hudson locks lips with new musician beau Danny Fujikawa as they make red carpet debut at Snatched premiere It's official 'She died with zero in the bank!' Ex-EastEnder John Partridge reveals his beloved mother has passed away... following his decision to do CBB to fund £45k care costs Peter Andre shares his experience with aliens on This Morning... after landing first movie role in Hollywood thriller The Undoing Bagged new movie role Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Veritiv Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Veritiv Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News First Quadrant L P CA Has $384,000 Stake in Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) iRobot Co. (IRBT) Stake Maintained by First Quadrant L P CA East West Bancorp, Inc. (EWBC) Shares Bought by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Has $423,000 Stake in Hess Corp. (HES) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Holds Stake in GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Short Interest Update Brink's Company (BCO) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 16th David S. Chernow Sells 116,050 Shares of Select Medical Holdings Co. (SEM) Stock Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest First Quadrant L P CA Has $406,000 Position in Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Increases Position in Citigroup Inc (C) First Quadrant L P CA Decreases Position in Graham Holdings Co (GHC) First Quadrant L P CA Has $398,000 Stake in Veritiv Corp (VRTV) Elevate Credit Inc’s Quiet Period Will End on May 16th (NASDAQ:ELVT) Zacks: Brokerages Expect Verastem Inc (VSTM) to Announce -$0.34 Earnings Per Share Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (HGV) to Buy Insmed Incorporated (INSM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Everbridge Inc (EVBG) Rating Reiterated by Pacific Crest Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades ING Groep NV (ING) to Hold First Quadrant L P CA Has $398,000 Stake in Veritiv Corp (VRTV) May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet First Quadrant L P CA held its position in Veritiv Corp (NYSE:VRTV) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 7,681 shares of the basic materials company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. First Quadrant L P CA’s holdings in Veritiv Corp were worth $398,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of VRTV. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Veritiv Corp by 12.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 58,597 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $2,940,000 after buying an additional 6,507 shares during the period. DIAM Co. Ltd. purchased a new stake in Veritiv Corp during the third quarter worth approximately $243,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in Veritiv Corp by 9.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 583,924 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $29,295,000 after buying an additional 50,968 shares during the period. Gargoyle Investment Advisor L.L.C. purchased a new stake in Veritiv Corp during the third quarter worth approximately $412,000. Finally, Convergence Investment Partners LLC purchased a new stake in Veritiv Corp during the third quarter worth approximately $1,417,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 95.69% of the company’s stock. Shares of Veritiv Corp (NYSE:VRTV) opened at 41.90 on Thursday. The stock has a market cap of $657.41 million, a PE ratio of 43.46 and a beta of 1.28. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $49.55 and its 200-day moving average price is $52.72. Veritiv Corp has a 52-week low of $34.10 and a 52-week high of $62.60. Veritiv Corp (NYSE:VRTV) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The basic materials company reported $0.38 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.21 by $0.17. The business had revenue of $1.99 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.97 billion. Veritiv Corp had a return on equity of 7.15% and a net margin of 0.32%. The company’s revenue was down 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Veritiv Corp will post $2.65 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/first-quadrant-l-p-ca-has-398000-stake-in-veritiv-corp-vrtv.html. A number of analysts recently commented on VRTV shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Veritiv Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Friday, March 17th. Bank of America Corp started coverage on Veritiv Corp in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. They set a “buy” rating for the company. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co started coverage on Veritiv Corp in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. They set a “market perform” rating for the company. In other Veritiv Corp news, major shareholder Bain Capital Investors Llc sold 1,800,000 shares of Veritiv Corp stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $54.14, for a total transaction of $97,452,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, SVP Daniel J. Watkoske acquired 1,000 shares of Veritiv Corp stock in a transaction on Friday, May 5th. The shares were bought at an average price of $41.50 per share, with a total value of $41,500.00. Following the purchase, the senior vice president now directly owns 9,146 shares in the company, valued at approximately $379,559. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Company insiders own 0.12% of the company’s stock. Veritiv Corp Company Profile Veritiv Corporation is a business-to-business distributor of print, publishing, packaging and facility solutions. The Company also provides logistics and supply chain management solutions to its customers. The Company’s segments are Print, Publishing & Print Management (Publishing), Packaging, Facility Solutions, and Corporate & Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VRTV? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Veritiv Corp (NYSE:VRTV). Receive News & Ratings for Veritiv Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Veritiv Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
CPI Financial Register Login About Us Our Team Careers Contact Media Packs Contract Publishing News Analytics Features Directory Magazines Multimedia Events Blogs Jobs Navigate... News Analytics Features Directory Magazines Multimedia Events Blogs Jobs Islamic Finance Commercial Banking SME Finance Investment Banking Wealth Management Investments Consumer Banking Economics Markets Results Technology more Insurance Lifestyle Select Category Islamic Finance Commercial Banking SME Finance Investment Banking Wealth Management Investments Consumer Banking Economics Markets Results Technology Insurance Lifestyle Latest News Bahrain's SICO announces Q1 results AAOIFI launches new guidelines for Islamic finance J.P. Morgan expands Middle East Private Banking Team SKA targets increased private sector participation in future development QIB signs QAR 3.4 billion financing facility with GDI Qatar Stock Exchange completes successful New York Investor Forum CBK held a focused workshop on AAOIFI and its professional standards for Kuwaiti finance leaders IIRA upgrades GFH rating to BBB- Mashreq Celebrates 50th Year, promises further innovation AlJeel Capital expands its presence in the UAE’s F&B Sector Home News Thursday 11, May 2017 by Georgina Enzer J.P. Morgan expands Middle East Private Banking Team J.P. Morgan Private Bank has appointed Toby Lott as an Executive Director and Client Advisor on the Middle East private banking team, contributing toward business development in the region.   Print this article Lott will focus primarily on strengthening the firm’s wealth management operations in Saudi Arabia. He will be based in London and will report to Tara Smyth, Middle East Market Manager for J.P. Morgan Private Bank.  “We are pleased to welcome Toby to the Private Bank to further solidify our growth in one of the most important markets within Middle East and North Africa region,” Smyth said. “Toby’s nearly 20 years’ experience solving complex global banking needs and delivering investment solutions for clients across the spectrum of Asset and Wealth Management exemplifies the type of advisor needed to further extend our brand of advice-led expertise to prominent families across the region.” Prior to joining the firm’s Private Bank, Mr. Lott served as a relationship executive for several Middle East sovereign wealth funds and institutional investors for J.P. Morgan Asset Management since 2006, covering markets in Europe, the Middle East and Asia. “J.P. Morgan plays a critical advisory role for wealthy individuals, family offices, endowments, foundations and business conglomerates, and I am excited to join a thriving team of experts providing global perspectives for clients across the MENA region," Lott said. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Features & Analyses Economics Iraq: hanging on The economic and financial situation in Iraq remains ever challenging, but improving oil prices and the IMF’s Stand-By Arrangement… read more SME Finance Why brand perception is important during a business slowdown Economics France 'En Marche' but will the markets? SME Finance Beauty by botany Investments Digitisation in the banking world see all archive Poll What are you prioritising in your investment portfolio in 2017? US equities European equities SE Asia equities ETFs Bonds & Sukuk Commodities Real estate/REITs Venture capital/angel investment Private equity Art/collectible investment Mutual funds see results >view poll > Latest News see all archive Investments GIB is granted approval to become a local… Gulf International Bank (GIB or the Bank) expresses its gratitude and appreciation to the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques, King… read more Islamic Finance Bahrain's SICO announces Q1 results Islamic Finance AAOIFI launches new guidelines for Islamic finance SME Finance SKA targets increased private sector participation in future development Islamic Finance QIB signs QAR 3.4 billion financing facility with GDI Advertisement Explore CPI| CPI Financial RSS | Follow @CPI_Financial Islamic Finance Commercial Banking SME Finance Investment Banking Wealth Management Investments Consumer Banking Economics Markets Results Technology Insurance Lifestyle CPI Finance Media Channel Events Apply for newsletter Subscribe to the Daily Newsletter, from CPI Financial Follow Us > About Us Our Team Careers Contact Media Packs Contract Publishing Register Login Back to the top © 2017 CPI Financial. All rights reserved. No part of this website may be reproduced or used in any form of advertising without prior permission in writing from the editor. Terms and Conditions |  Privacy Policy |  Web Design Dubai - Blue Beetle
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RSA Insurance Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Increases RSA Insurance Group plc (RSA) Price Target to GBX 630 easyJet plc (EZJ) Given Sell Rating at Liberum Capital JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers SSP Group PLC (SSPG) Price Target to GBX 395 Macquarie Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Anglo Pacific Group plc (APF) Aldermore Group PLC’s (ALD) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Liberum Capital Reiterates “Sell” Rating for SIG plc (SHI) ExOne Co (XONE) Short Interest Update Summit Therapeutics PLC (SMMT) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest Concordia International Corp (CXRX) Trading Down 30.3% After Earnings Miss Vulcan Materials Company (VMC) Shares Gap Up on Better-Than-Expected Earnings Analysts Offer Predictions for City Office REIT Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (CIO) RWE AG (RWE) PT Set at €16.50 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Rating Increased to Buy at Citigroup Inc Liberum Capital Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Styles and Wood Group Plc’s (STY) “house stock” Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates €33.20 Price Target for Metro Ag (MEO3) Innogy SE (IGY) PT Set at €37.00 by Deutsche Bank AG adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €200.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Ellington Financial LLC Issued By FBR & Co (EFC) Mimecast Ltd (MIME) Shares Up 5.1% on Analyst Upgrade JPMorgan Chase & Co. Increases RSA Insurance Group plc (RSA) Price Target to GBX 630 May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet RSA Insurance Group plc (LON:RSA) had its target price increased by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 585 ($7.57) to GBX 630 ($8.15) in a report published on Friday morning. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a neutral rating on the insurance provider’s stock. A number of other analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued an outperform rating and issued a GBX 690 ($8.92) price objective on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Barclays PLC boosted their price objective on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc from GBX 633 ($8.19) to GBX 635 ($8.21) and gave the company an overweight rating in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. HSBC Holdings plc boosted their price objective on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc from GBX 630 ($8.15) to GBX 695 ($8.99) and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Macquarie reissued an underperform rating and issued a GBX 440 ($5.69) price objective on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Citigroup Inc reissued a neutral rating and issued a GBX 600 ($7.76) price objective (up previously from GBX 570 ($7.37)) on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. RSA Insurance Group plc has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 614.75 ($7.95). RSA Insurance Group plc (LON:RSA) opened at 614.00 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 594.53 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 574.14. RSA Insurance Group plc has a 52 week low of GBX 425.60 and a 52 week high of GBX 621.50. The company’s market cap is GBX 6.18 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/jpmorgan-chase-co-increases-rsa-insurance-group-plc-rsa-price-target-to-gbx-630.html. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be paid a GBX 11 ($0.14) dividend. This is an increase from RSA Insurance Group plc’s previous dividend of $5.00. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 2nd. This represents a yield of 1.82%. RSA Insurance Group plc Company Profile RSA Insurance Group plc is an international general insurer. The Company provides personal, commercial and specialty insurance products and services direct-to-customers. Its segments include Scandinavia, Canada, UK & Ireland, Central Functions and non-core. Its segments are based on geography and all are engaged in providing personal and commercial general insurance services. Receive News & Ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance SSP Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SSP Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers SSP Group PLC (SSPG) Price Target to GBX 395 Macquarie Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Anglo Pacific Group plc (APF) Aldermore Group PLC’s (ALD) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Liberum Capital Reiterates “Sell” Rating for SIG plc (SHI) ExOne Co (XONE) Short Interest Update Summit Therapeutics PLC (SMMT) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest Concordia International Corp (CXRX) Trading Down 30.3% After Earnings Miss Vulcan Materials Company (VMC) Shares Gap Up on Better-Than-Expected Earnings Analysts Offer Predictions for City Office REIT Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (CIO) RWE AG (RWE) PT Set at €16.50 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Rating Increased to Buy at Citigroup Inc Liberum Capital Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Styles and Wood Group Plc’s (STY) “house stock” Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates €33.20 Price Target for Metro Ag (MEO3) Innogy SE (IGY) PT Set at €37.00 by Deutsche Bank AG adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €200.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Ellington Financial LLC Issued By FBR & Co (EFC) Mimecast Ltd (MIME) Shares Up 5.1% on Analyst Upgrade Solaredge Technologies Inc (SEDG) Trading 11% Higher on Earnings Beat Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for DiamondRock Hospitality Company Cut by Analyst (DRH) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers SSP Group PLC (SSPG) Price Target to GBX 395 May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet SSP Group PLC (LON:SSPG) had its target price dropped by equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 400 ($5.17) to GBX 395 ($5.11) in a note issued to investors on Thursday. The firm currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s target price would suggest a potential downside of 14.94% from the stock’s previous close. Other equities research analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. Numis Securities Ltd reaffirmed an “add” rating and set a GBX 450 ($5.82) price target on shares of SSP Group PLC in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 450 ($5.82) price target on shares of SSP Group PLC in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Panmure Gordon reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 400 ($5.17) price target on shares of SSP Group PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Shore Capital reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of SSP Group PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets upped their price target on shares of SSP Group PLC from GBX 404 ($5.23) to GBX 440 ($5.69) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 394.45 ($5.10). SSP Group PLC (LON:SSPG) opened at 458.60 on Thursday. The company’s market cap is GBX 2.18 billion. SSP Group PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 260.50 and a 52-week high of GBX 465.50. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 432.79 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 394.11. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers SSP Group PLC (SSPG) Price Target to GBX 395” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/jpmorgan-chase-co-lowers-ssp-group-plc-sspg-price-target-to-gbx-395.html. SSP Group PLC Company Profile SSP Group plc is an operator of food and beverage concessions in travel locations, operating restaurants, bars, cafes, food courts, lounges and stores in airports, train stations, motorway service stations and other locations. The Company’s segments are the UK, Continental Europe, North America and the Rest of the World (RoW). Receive News & Ratings for SSP Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SSP Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |     Search New-look newsletter Sign up for Fin24's newsletter for all the freshest news to start your day. SA ripe for snap election It's time to arrest the belief that solutions can come only from the ANC, says Solly Moeng. Macron and free markets France is on a journey whose destination is still in question, says Mohamed A El-Erian. Home Companies Advertising Agribusiness Financial Services Health ICT Industrial Investment Holdings Mining Property Retail Travel & Leisure Markets Markets News Sens Commodities Currencies Equities News International Economy Budget 2017 South Africa Eskom Africa World Labour Tech News Companies Mobile Opinion Multimedia Personal Finance Debt Insurance Medical Aid Money Clinic Money management Property Retirement Savings & Investments Tax Entrepreneurs Ask the experts Entrepreneur profiles Franchising Getting started MyBusiness News Opinion & Analysis Tips & Tools Opinion Columnists MyFin24 Finweek ZAR/AUD 9,86 (-0.14%) ZAR/EUR 14,51 (0.00%) ZAR/GBP 17,2 (-0.12%) ZAR/JPY 0,12 (-0.09%) ZAR/USD 13,35 (0.06%) GOLD 1228,05 (0.25%) OIL 50,94 (0.33%) PALLADIUM 807 (0.62%) PLATINUM 925 (1.04%) SILVER 16,44 (0.98%) FTSE/JSE All Share 54114 (-0.26%) FTSE/JSE Financial 15 15007,34 (-0.57%) FTSE/JSE Industrial 25 73751,21 (-0.07%) FTSE/JSE Resource 10 31963,75 (-0.65%) FTSE/JSE Top 40 47488,45 (-0.31%) CAC 40 5383,42 (0.00%) NIKKEI 225 19883,9 (-0.39%) All data is delayed Loading... See More We’re currently experiencing serious technical problems on the site, and as a result are unable to update the news – even though our market data is running as per normal. We sincerely apologise for any inconvenience caused and hope to be up and running again this evening. Thank you for your patience in this regard. – David McKay (editor) & team Banks depict rand probe as vague, embarrassing May 11 2017 08:39 Colin McClelland and Renee Bonorchis, Bloomberg Related Articles Standard Bank: We are innocent Gordhan slams 'reckless' financial institutions Zwane feels vindicated by bank collusion probe Price fixing: Rogue traders or bank collusion? Commissioner grilled on banks collusion, impact on rand Rand collusion: Citibank vows to tighten processes   Johannesburg - Some of the banks accused of manipulating trades in the rand are objecting to the complaint by South Africa’s Competition Commission, calling it vague and embarrassing, and demanding it be amended or dropped. “The commission has failed to plead the material facts necessary to sustain the allegation that there was an agreement, or agreements,” between the lenders of colluding to fix the value of the currency, lawyers for Bank of America Merrill Lynch said in a documents published on the Pretoria-based Competition Tribunal’s website on Wednesday. “ The necessary details of any such agreement(s) - i.e., when, where, how and by whom they were concluded - are also lacking.” The New York-based lender was named among 14 banks as respondents in the Competition Commission’s complaint. Others include HSBC, BNP Paribas, Credit Suisse, JPMorgan Chase, Standard Bank, Investec and Nomura. Citigroup agreed to pay a R69.5m administrative penalty for allegedly participating in the trades, while Barclays Africa is exempt from a fine because it blew the whistle on the traders’ alleged actions. In separate papers filed with the Competition Tribunal, which adjudicates cases brought by the commission, BNP Paribas also called the complaint against it “vague and embarrassing” for saying that a defendant represented Standard Bank’s New York unit and Barclays at the same time. It said there were no allegations that the banks carried out prohibited practices within South Africa or if they had any effect in the country. Seeking settlement In its response, JPMorgan argued that the commission has no jurisdiction over the bank, which is registered in the US, while Credit Suisse termed an allegation that traders for the group of banks “operated predominantly in the United States of America and in South Africa” as “so vague as to be meaningless.” It called another allegation “incomprehensible.” The commission has submitted its papers “where it argued why it has jurisdiction and or why it can’t give further details,” spokesperson Sipho Ngwema said in an emailed response to questions. “Importantly, some banks have settled with us admitting liability and more banks are talking to us with the view of reaching a settlement.” The South African probe is the latest investigation into alleged rigging by the world’s biggest banks of the $5.1trn-a-day market for products tied to foreign exchange, which has resulted in more than $10bn of penalties since Bloomberg first wrote about the manipulation in 2013. No denials “If there are those who think they can kick for touch and engage in delaying tactics - time is going to catch up,” Ngwema said. “We have presented the basis of our case at the tribunal and they must engage on the merits. Interestingly, I am not aware of any of them that have denied involvement in the cartel.” While the commission recommended the banks be fined 10% of turnover, the maximum allowed, the tribunal will determine a penalty based on the revenue from their foreign-exchange units that may have been affected by the alleged practices and the period over which the transgressions took place. From 2007 to 2013, the period in question, the rand depreciated 33% against the dollar. During that time, Thabo Mbeki was ousted and Jacob Zuma was installed as president and the country also suffered the global financial crisis and an ensuing recession. Follow Fin24 on Twitter, Facebook, Google+ and Pinterest. 24.com encourages commentary submitted via MyNews24. Contributions of 200 words or more will be considered for publication. WHAT TO READ NEXT {{item.title}} Read more about:    bnp paribas  |  competition commission  |  collusion  |  currencies NEXT ON FIN24X No decision yet on equity partner for SAA, says Gigaba 2017-05-10 18:44 Share this page Yahoo! Google Digg del.icio.us Facebook Tweet         Most ReadEditor's Choice Moeletsi Mbeki: The ANC has run its course REVEALED: The life insurance companies with the most complaints BREAKING: Molefe will return to Eskom as CEO I’m not fleeing SA, says Whitey about selling off R1.8bn in shares Wall Street goes sour on rand as JPMorgan cites rising risks ANC transformation plan vague on strategies to boost economy - Soko Transformation at top level not enough - Busa Glimmer of hope as SA economy shows signs of upswing What Africa’s CEOs are most worried about Zuma: I reshuffled my Cabinet to make room for young people Company Snapshot We're talking about... New era looms for National Treasury   Related links: Time for new era of leadership at Treasury, says retiring Donaldson Fuzile believes Treasury can survive political meddling No policy shift at National Treasury, says Fuzile Get the latest with Fin24 Tech Xenophobia, hate speech thrive unchecked in online games 2017-05-11 10:36 Spend enough time hunting terrorists in online games and you’re bound to come across players hurling xenophobic and racist taunts at each other. Snap tumbles after trailing estimates for new users Nedbank restores online banking after IT glitches SA's 'Gumtree for gamers' sees massive growth More Tech Home| Multimedia| News Follow Fin24 Money Clinic Paid most debts, yet rejected for car finance - why? Problem with debit order for roadside assistance Looking for good vehicle finance advice Leaving job due to illness How to submit an enquiry for unclaimed retirement funds Do you have a question about your finances? We'll get an expert opinion. Click here... Voting Booth President Jacob Zuma's decision to sign the Fica Bill into law: Is long overdue Will make it difficult for politically influential people to do business I don't know Is long overdue 65% 347 votes 65 Will make it difficult for politically influential people to do business 17% 91 votes 17 I don't know 18% 93 votes 18 Previous results · Suggest a vote Services Money Clinic Get your financial questions answered. RSS Feeds News delivered really simply. Calculators Easy-to-use personal finance tools. Newsletters You choose what you want. Contact us Lost? Confused? Problems? Let us help you. Data supplied by: RSS feeds  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Advertise on Fin24  |  About us  |  Contact us
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Banks Depict South African Rand Probe as Vague, Embarrassing by Colin McClelland More stories by Colin McClelland and Renee Bonorchis @Reneebon More stories by Renee Bonorchis May 10, 2017, 10:30 AM EDT May 11, 2017, 1:44 AM EDT BofA says antitrust authorities lack details on collusion Competition regulators have no jurisdiction, JPMorgan says A South African one rand coin and banknotes sit in an arranged photograph in Pretoria. Photographer: Waldo Swiegers/Bloomberg Some of the banks accused of manipulating trades in the rand are objecting to the complaint by South Africa’s Competition Commission, calling it vague and embarrassing, and demanding it be amended or dropped “The commission has failed to plead the material facts necessary to sustain the allegation that there was an agreement, or agreements,” between the lenders of colluding to fix the value of the currency, lawyers for Bank of America Merrill Lynch said in a documents published on the Pretoria-based Competition Tribunal’s website on Wednesday. “The necessary details of any such agreement(s) -- i.e., when, where, how and by whom they were concluded -- are also lacking.” The New York-based lender was named among 14 banks as respondents in the Competition Commission’s complaint. Others include HSBC Holdings Plc, BNP Paribas SA, Credit Suisse Group AG, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Standard Bank Group Ltd., Investec Ltd. and Nomura International Plc. Citigroup Inc. agreed to pay a 69.5 million-rand ($5.2 million) administrative penalty for allegedly participating in the trades, while Barclays Africa Group Ltd. is exempt from a fine because it blew the whistle on the traders’ alleged actions. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up In separate papers filed with the Competition Tribunal, which adjudicates cases brought by the commission, BNP Paribas also called the complaint against it “vague and embarrassing” for saying that a defendant represented Standard Bank’s New York unit and Barclays Plc at the same time. It said there were no allegations that the banks carried out prohibited practices within South Africa or if they had any effect in the country. Seeking Settlement In its response, JPMorgan argued that the commission has no jurisdiction over the bank, which is registered in the U.S., while Credit Suisse termed an allegation that traders for the group of banks “operated predominantly in the United States of America and in South Africa” as “so vague as to be meaningless.” It called another allegation “incomprehensible.” The commission has submitted its papers “where it argued why it has jurisdiction and or why it can’t give further details,” spokesman Sipho Ngwema said in an emailed response to questions. “Importantly, some banks have settled with us admitting liability and more banks are talking to us with the view of reaching a settlement.” The South African probe is the latest investigation into alleged rigging by the world’s biggest banks of the $5.1 trillion-a-day market for products tied to foreign exchange, which has resulted in more than $10 billion of penalties since Bloomberg first wrote about the manipulation in 2013. No Denials “If there are those who think they can kick for touch and engage in delaying tactics -- time is going to catch up,” Ngwema said. “We have presented the basis of our case at the tribunal and they must engage on the merits. Interestingly, I am not aware of any of them that have denied involvement in the cartel.” While the commission recommended the banks be fined 10 percent of turnover, the maximum allowed, the tribunal will determine a penalty based on the revenue from their foreign-exchange units that may have been affected by the alleged practices and the period over which the transgressions took place. From 2007 to 2013, the period in question, the rand depreciated 33 percent against the dollar. During that time, Thabo Mbeki was ousted and Jacob Zuma was installed as president and the country also suffered the global financial crisis and an ensuing recession. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tesla’s Solar Roof Pricing Is Cheap Enough to Catch Fire Tesla’s Solar Roof Sets Musk’s Grand Unification Into Motion China's $246 Billion Foreign Buying Spree Is Unraveling How the Fidget Spinner Origin Story Spun Out of Control Loonie, Bank Bonds Drop as Moody's Downgrades Canada Lenders Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mimecast Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mimecast Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Potlatch Co. (PCH) Target Price at $45.00 Analysts Set Amerisur Resources plc (AMER) PT at $32.40 Alcentra Capital Corp (ABDC) Receives $13.67 Average Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Amdocs Limited (DOX) Target Price at $64.20 Analysts Set Mimecast Ltd (MIME) Target Price at $27.78 SkyWest, Inc. Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 (SKYW) TCP Capital Corp Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 (TCPC) New Mountain Finance Corp. to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.34 (NMFC) RNC Capital Management LLC Has $245,000 Stake in Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) CSRA Inc (CSRA) Shares Bought by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC WESCO International, Inc. (WCC) Shares Bought by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Gabelli Funds LLC Lowers Position in Franklin Electric Co. (FELE) Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Cuts Position in Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Gabelli Funds LLC Maintains Position in Quidel Co. (QDEL) Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOX) Shares Bought by Gabelli Funds LLC Standard Motor Products, Inc. (SMP) Position Cut by Gabelli Funds LLC Gabelli Funds LLC Takes Position in Nimble Storage Inc (NMBL) COMSCORE, Inc. (SCOR) Stake Raised by Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Sells 4,386 Shares of Liberty Broadband Corp (LBRDA) Hudson Pacific Properties (HPP) Receiving Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Analysts Set Mimecast Ltd (MIME) Target Price at $27.78 May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Mimecast Ltd (NASDAQ:MIME) has been given an average rating of “Buy” by the thirteen analysts that are presently covering the firm. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company. The average 1-year price objective among analysts that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $28.33. Several research analysts recently issued reports on the company. Dougherty & Co upped their target price on Mimecast from $27.00 to $28.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Barclays PLC upped their target price on Mimecast to $27.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Jefferies Group LLC upped their target price on Mimecast to $30.00 in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Benchmark Co. upped their target price on Mimecast from $30.00 to $35.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday. Finally, Summit Redstone reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $30.00 target price on shares of Mimecast in a research report on Thursday, April 13th. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. First Mercantile Trust Co. increased its stake in Mimecast by 14.1% in the first quarter. First Mercantile Trust Co. now owns 12,375 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $277,000 after buying an additional 1,530 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Mimecast by 15.8% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,497 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $392,000 after buying an additional 2,385 shares during the last quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank increased its stake in Mimecast by 29.6% in the first quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 21,431 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $480,000 after buying an additional 4,900 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in Mimecast by 22.3% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 27,388 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $525,000 after buying an additional 4,994 shares during the last quarter. Finally, US Bancorp DE increased its stake in Mimecast by 605.2% in the first quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 6,396 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $143,000 after buying an additional 5,489 shares during the last quarter. 42.93% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Analysts Set Mimecast Ltd (MIME) Target Price at $27.78” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/analysts-set-mimecast-ltd-mime-target-price-at-27-78.html. Mimecast (NASDAQ:MIME) traded down 1.35% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $24.88. 289,007 shares of the stock were exchanged. Mimecast has a 1-year low of $7.08 and a 1-year high of $25.37. The company’s market capitalization is $1.37 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average is $22.64 and its 200 day moving average is $20.88. Mimecast (NASDAQ:MIME) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The technology company reported ($0.05) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.05). Mimecast had a negative return on equity of 6.07% and a negative net margin of 2.80%. The company had revenue of $52.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $52.12 million. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 42.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Mimecast will post $0.06 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. About Mimecast Mimecast Limited is a provider of cloud security and risk management services for corporate information and e-mail. The Company’s suite of cloud services protects customers from the business and data security risks. It also mitigates the business disruption that e-mail failure or downtime causes. In addition, its archiving services secure, store and manage critical corporate communications and information to address the compliance and e-discovery requirements. Receive News & Ratings for Mimecast Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mimecast Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
» · Trump · DonaldTrump · Russia · Comey · JamesComey · FederalBureauofInvestigation · Republicans · Democrats · GOP · 2018 · Senate · trumpcare · Progressives · election · TeaParty · Community · Vote · GOTV · HealthCare · Election2018 · trumprussia · 2018midterms · vote2018 · 2018Election · AffordableCareAct · VladimirPutin · JeffSessions · Media · Obamacare · House Sign up Log in 0 Messages New Blog Entry Drafts View/Edit My Profile Image Library My Groups My Stories My Activity Stream My Comments Subscribe to hide ads Show Ads Hide Ads Log out   Blog It! Help Join the mailing list News Front Page Elections Labor Comics Daily Kos Liberation League Radio   More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Community Recommended Most Shared Recent Stories Community Spotlight GROUPS Readers and Book Lovers Science Matters ClassWarfare Newsletter More... More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Action Sign the petition: Elect the president by national popular vote Donald Trump has won the presidency after narrowly carrying a few states to put him above 270 electoral votes. But... Sign if you agree: Jeff Sessions must resign, and a special prosecutor must investigate Trump's ties to Russia At his Senate confirmation hearing, Attorney General Jeff Sessions lied under oath that he had never had contact with the... Sign the petition: Appoint a special prosecutor on Russia's ties to the Trump campaign UPDATE 05/10/2017 10:07 AM: Donald Trump has fired FBI director James Comey. The dismissal comes in the middle of Comey’s... See All 10 Campaigns » Meteor Blades Blog Stream Groups Following Profile Indigenous and eco-activist protesters in Seattle demand Chase stop making tar sand pipeline loans By Meteor Blades   Thursday May 11, 2017 · 11:54 AM PDT 2017/05/11 · 11:54 11 Comments Share this article 76 76 76 Tar sands operation in eastern Alberta Add to Blog RSS Update Edit Administration Un-Rescue Rescue REBLOGGED BY TAGS TarSands Edit Tags Tag History × Tag History TarSands created by Meteor Blades at 05/11/2017 11:54 AM Done Editing Tags 11 Comments Share this article 76 76 76 Tar sands operation in eastern Alberta On Monday, 26 activists were arrested in Seattle when they occupied 13 branches of JPMorgan Chase bank. Their complaint? They want Chase to stop lending money to TransCanada, the builder of the Keystone XL tar sands pipeline. Although President Barack Obama nixed the northern leg of the pipeline before he left office, his successor reversed that decision this year and invited TransCanada to reapply for a permit to construct the 36-inch pipeline. If built, the line would provide capability to deliver 830,000 barrels a day of petroleum from the Alberta tar sands operations to oil refineries in Gulf Coast Texas. About 400,000 barrels a day are already being transported on existing pipelines, including Keystone XL’s southern leg from Oklahoma. At several branches, the protesters chained or otherwise attached themselves to doors to disrupt business and make it more difficult for police to remove them. There was no violence. As with many of the protests against Keystone XL in the past eight years, indigenous people took a leading role in the Seattle action. Along the pipeline route, in Canada and the United States, Native protesters—who call it the “black snake”—have been prominent in the opposition, sometimes alone and sometimes in coalition with environmental activists and land-owners. The group Mazaska Talks, and the 121 Indian and First Nations that have signed the Treaty Alliance Against Tar Sands Expansion, and the Seattle chapter of the international climate organization 350.org joined to coordinate the bank protests. In addition to Keystone XL, other tar sands pipelines are opposed as well. One of these is the Kinder Morgan expansion of the Trans Mountain Pipeline system that would transport tar sands petroleum from Alberta to British Columbia where it can be exported. Enbridge’s Line 3 and TransCanada’s Energy East pipelines are also at issue.  The action took on a different flavor at each branch, according to The Seattle Times. Indians performed a round dance at the downtown Second Avenue branch: The bank became an impromptu longhouse of sorts as Native American leaders told stories and shared teaching, prayers and songs for demonstrators and their allies. [...] “All you other banks in Seattle, you are next,” Ray Kingfisher, a Northern Cheyenne tribal elder who helped lead the action at Chase’s Second Avenue branch, told the Times. “This is just a start.” Chase is a target of activists as the largest and best known of the banks from which pipeline builders can be expected to seek loans for their projects. The protesters hope that their “name and shame” demonstrations will persuade potential lenders that the public-relations fallout for backing transportation of what environmentalists call the “carbon bomb” of the tar sands outweighs any financial benefit the banks get by backing these projects.  Two weeks ago, 350.Seattle sent a letter to Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, stating, among other things: As one of the two lead banks arranging the $5bn revolving credit for TransCanada in December, Chase is essential to the construction of Keystone XL. As you may recall from the first fight over KXL, former NASA climatologist Jim Hansen said in 2011 that if the tar sands are exploited, it’s “game over” for the climate. As you may also know, Rosebud Sioux Chairman Cyril Scott said in 2014 that the tribe would consider the pipeline an “act of war.” We know that loaning to such projects is normal business practice. We also know that if we continue with currently normal business practice, we are in the last decade or two of a reasonably stable planet. This is not a controversial truth.  The protests may remind some observers of the opposition to the Dakota Access Pipeline opposed by members of the Standing Rock and Cheyenne River Sioux bands in North Dakota over the past year. But there’s a difference this time. As James Trimarco reports: [T]his new campaign differs from that one in at least one important way, according to Alec Connon, an organizer with 350 Seattle. The loans haven’t been made yet. “When the divestment movement around DAPL kicked into gear, all of the loans were already in place … and people calling for divestment were calling for banks to rescind those loans,” Connon said. “Here we’re saying ‘Don’t give the loans in the first place.’” One potential bit of assistance in fighting the pipelines comes from an unlikely source. Although many tar sands operations remain cash cows, as oil prices have fallen, numerous leading companies have chosen not to expand in Alberta, seeing this as a bad investment in the current market. Royal Dutch Shell has sold its tar sands reserves. ExxonMobil, Chevron, and Norway’s Statoil have written down their reserves. And Koch Industries has bailed on its $800 million Muskwa project in the northern reaches of the province. 11 Comments Share this article 76 76 76 11 Comments Comment Settings Close Settings Auto refresh Collapse on load Show hidden Show until I hide Comments are closed on this story. ( f ) Recommend ( r ) Reply More hints... ( p ) Parent ( o ) Open/Close ( j ) Next Unread ( k ) Prev Unread ( J ) Next ( K ) Prev Back to Story Show Parent Thread Recommended list Most Shared © Kos Media, LLC Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Privacy Policy Daily Kos Front Page Elections Labor Radio Comics RSS About Masthead History Writers Terms Rules of the Road DMCA Copyright Notice Endorsements Privacy Merchandise Shirts Advertising Advertising Overview Stats for advertisers Contact Media Inquiries General Inquiries Jobs × Close Close Close Save changes
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Chase outage knocks out payments service for customers nationwide This cryptocurrency project is now courting banks The burgeoning business of helping people save Wells Fargo abandons efficiency goals, will cut $4B of costs Citi joins big-bank brethren in backing blockchain firm Axoni search goes here Chase outage knocks out payments service for customers nationwide By Kristin Broughton Allison Prang Published May 11 2017, 7:03pm EDT More in Consumer banking Payments Bank technology JPMorgan Chase Print Email Reprints Share Share on JPMorgan Chase customers nationwide on Thursday were prevented from making online and mobile payments, due to unspecified technology issues. Services including bill pay and Chase QuickPay — the company’s peer-to-peer payment service — went down around 4 p.m. and were restored aroudn 8:30 p.m. Eastern time, according to company spokesman Tom Kelly. He said the issue did not affect the company’s ATM or branch network, nor did it affect debit or credit card transactions. Some could still see their balances but others — the company is not sure how many — could not, Kelly said. Several Chase customers complained, on Twitter and to an American Banker reporter, that all they saw was "N/A." It’s unclear what, exactly, caused the outage. “It’s a technology issue that we’re working on,” Kelly said. Screenshot provided by a Chase customer Thursday afternoon. Account details redacted. JPMorgan’s customer service division addressed the issue in a tweet Thursday afternoon, saying that it is “working to restore access to our website and mobile app.” We’re working to restore access to our website and mobile app. We’re sorry for the inconvenience and appreciate your patience. — Chase Support (@ChaseSupport) May 11, 2017 Updated May 11, 2017 at 9:44PM: Updated to note restoration of service in the evening. Kristin Broughton More from this Author First Republic CEO to stay on for another 3 years Were regulators too hasty in closing Milwaukee bank? Popular's next CEO braces for fallout from Puerto Rico bankruptcy Allison Prang Allison Prang is a reporter for American Banker where she writes about community banks. More from this Author ‘First World problems,’ including too much capital, face Seattle bank Texas commissioner approves state's first bank charter since 2009 Bank M&A's super shoppers Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Sohn Conference CNBC Disruptor 50 College Game Plan The Brave Ones Tech Drivers Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Banks Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital Chase online banking system suffers some outages Elisabeth Butler Cordova | @typingelbow 9 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES JPMorgan Chase's online banking system suffered some outages Thursday evening. Customers could log into the bank's website or app, but they are unable to transfer money or pay bills online. Most disturbingly, Chase shows "N/A," where the account balances should be. A customer service representative said debit cards should still work for purchase transactions, but she noted that the bank's website and app were out of service for the service team, as well. The representative told CNBC to call back "in a few hours." Chase later said: "We are currently working to restore access to our website, mobile app and automated telephone service." Chase customers took to Twitter to vent their frustration. @LAJay007 What's going on with Chase Bank? I can't get in online and the branches are closed? @ClCarson Just spoke with a local representative in Chicago. Chase Bank, nationwide, has crashed. Borderline hysteria in my local branch. @goldbaum_erin the Handmaid's Tale is not real...give us our money back. For real though...like I want to buy some coffee... Elisabeth Butler CordovaNews Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM ---
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC JPMorgan takes FX market share top spot Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now                                                                               JPMorgan Chase has the biggest market share among foreign-exchange dealers, according to Greenwich Associates. The largest U.S. bank by assets took the top prize in this year’s rankings, followed by Citigroup, UBS and Deutsche Bank, according to a global survey of currency users by Greenwich Associates. Last year, Citigroup and UBS tied for first, while Deutsche Bank and JPMorgan tied for third. “It’s further evidence that our investments in technology and the client experience are paying off,” Troy Rohrbaugh, global head of macro markets at JPMorgan, said in a statement. Dealers in the $5.1-trillion-a-day currency market are adapting as regulations enacted since the financial crisis have prompted some banks to cut staff and risk-taking in areas such as foreign exchange. Hit the link below to access the complete Bloomberg News article: JPMorgan Takes Top Spot in FX Market-Share Ranking by Greenwich CIMB Adds Seven Hires at Singapore Private Bank in Asia Top 20 Push   Show Comments And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2017 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ COMMENTS Show Comments Register for Financial Markets News Alerts About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Spain's Banco Popular denies it is looking for rapid sale By Reuters Published: 16:07 EDT, 11 May 2017 | Updated: 16:07 EDT, 11 May 2017 e-mail MADRID, May 11 (Reuters) - Spain's struggling Banco Popular denied on Thursday it was urgently seeking to be taken over, after a Spanish news site reported it had hired JPMorgan and Lazard to find a buyer. Popular, which is still burdened with a large exposure to Spain's property market nine years after a real estate collapse, said in a statement that its strategy had not changed and that it was exploring a series of options, including a possible capital increase. New Chairman Emilio Saracho, brought in earlier this year to try and draw a line under the bank's troubles, had already said in April that Popular may consider raising more capital or a merger deal. The bank said on Thursday that it was touch with various advisors in this context. It did not name them. Online newspaper El Confidencial earlier in the day reported that Saracho mandated JPMorgan and Lazard last week to advise Popular on a rapid sale. It said the bank had reached out to rival Spanish lenders, telling them it urgently needed funds - which Popular said it "categorically denied". Lazard and JP Morgan declined to comment. "The bank's strategy ... has not changed, and the bank is working on its development, which could include a potential capital hike or a corporate deal," Popular said. The lender is straining to clean up its balance sheet after a property market collapse in 2008 which hit Spain's banks and caused steep losses for many. The financial sector has largely recovered but Popular still has the biggest exposure to property assets among Spain's main listed banks. It has undergone three leadership shake-ups since last July and reported a 3.6 billion euro ($3.9 bln) loss for 2016, its biggest ever. Saracho was formerly at JPMorgan, and joined Popular in February. The bank also hired a new chief executive in April, Ignacio Sanchez-Asiain. The two have outlined plans to sell off non-strategic assets, including Popular's Wizink credit card business, after Popular raised 2.5 billion euros in a capital increase last year. In the lender's first earnings under Saracho, Popular booked a 137 million euro loss in the first quarter as it battled to clean up 37 billion euros of toxic real estate assets. Popular shares closed down 6.6 percent on Thursday after surging 27 percent over the previous five days. They have been the worst performers on the European STOXX banking index in the last year, tumbling 57 percent. ($1 = 0.9209 euros) (Reporting by Jesus Aguado, Carlos Ruano and Sarah White, Writing by Sarah White; editing by Susan Thomas and Susan Fenton) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Kim Kardashian flashes her famous curves in figure-hugging black midi dress to take daughter North on ice cream outing for KUWTK scenes Miley Cyrus proudly wears her engagement ring while playing the wholesome surfer girl in new video tribute to hunky fiance Liam Hemsworth  'I actually got confused! Shocked fans go into meltdown after Billie Piper shares a rare picture of her almost identical younger sister Elle Rehab? No thanks! Scott Disick parties with gaggle of blondes amid fears he's 'drinking too much' in wake of Kourtney's new toyboy romance Kourtney Kardashian goes NUDE in pool for photoshoot... while 'jealous' Kylie Jenner and sisters watch on Not an inch of fabric to cover up Worried about beach style this summer? Take inspiration from the A-list and pick the look that works for your personality AND body SPONSORED SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Bethany Platt STABS Gary Windass... while evil boyfriend Nathan prepares to set another vile friend upon her Beanie buddies! Justin Timberlake carries Silas wearing matching skull caps and meets up with Jessica Biel Duo were seen arguing in public last week Strawberry please! North West, three, enjoys ice cream cone on day out with mom Kim Kardashian in LA She turns four next month Peep show! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she wears sheer dress with no bra to Dior show in Los Angeles Beach ballerina! Katy Perry twirls around the sea in blush pink dress on girlie vacation in Mexico  Showcased her stunning physique Solo shopper! Jennifer Aniston enjoys some retail therapy in LA after shooting down any hope of a Friends reunion Spotted loading some new goods into her car  'He wants to kill me... I want to kill him' Aaron Chalmers is involved in heated shoving match with rival Greg Jenkins as they weigh in ahead of MMA debut  'I'm very proud of you': Billie Faiers shows her support for pregnant Ferne McCann... as she prepares to welcome best friend into 'the mummy club' All you need to taste the sunshine is a fork! We show you how to EAT your way around the Mediterranean this summer SPONSORED Pippa Middleton 'asks guests to bring TWO outfits to her wedding' - but are the bride-to-be's growing list of demands becoming a 'tad ridiculous'? I'm a Barbie girl! Blonde Kylie Jenner transforms into a 'plastic and fantastic' living doll for eye-popping new shoot Bright young thing Danniella Westbrook sips a cocktail on a luxurious yacht as she soaks up sun in Spain... after EastEnders SLAM claims she will return to the soap Victoria Beckham looks effortlessly chic as she steps out in New York... after missing out on premiere for husband David's big acting debut in King Arthur Baby-faced raver! Hollyoaks' Tom Cunningham parties in Ibiza as childstar films new scenes for spin off of the Channel 4 soap  Good times Snooze to schmooze! Bella Hadid cuts a tired figure as she touches down in London in bright pink pyjamas before hitting the town in sexy ab-flashing ensemble Booty-ful inside and out! Busty Amber Rose reveals famous derriere in low-cut spandex bodysuit on Instagram Continued to flaunt her body  'I'm single at the moment': One Direction's Niall Horan, 23, says he's in 'no rush' to get into a relationship due to his 'flat out' work schedule Gemma Oaten goes public with new boyfriend Scott Walker at Interlude In Prague premiere in London... following heartbreak over Nick Knowles fling 'They're a bunch of w***ers!' Tommy Mallett and Georgia Kousoulou shock Holly Willoughby by fiercely slamming their TOWIE co-stars on Celebrity Juice Cally-Jane Beech slams 'today's labour procedures' after tough 32-hour birth to welcome daughter Vienna by emergency C-section Revving up! Blac Chyna shares snaps of the $273k red Ferrari she received as a birthay gift... but doesn't reveal who it's from Bright red sportscar Braless Joanna Krupa suffers epic wardrobe malfunction as flashbulbs expose her ample assets and underwear under metallic knitted dress  Tess Daly puts on a leggy display in a zip-up cocktail dress slashed to the thigh as she cosies up to husband Vernon Kay during night out Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley showcases her blossoming baby bump in a figure-hugging black maxi dress as she steps out in Santa Monica Lottie Moss looks sartorially savvy as she flashes her lean legs in tiny shorts and suede jacket for dating app launch In London on Thursday Checkmate! Charli XCX flaunts her washboard abs in quirky batwing crop top and coordinating flares as she enjoys launch party in London Bruce Forsyth's wife Wilnelia, 59, looks timeless in midnight blue ensemble as she makes solo appearance after Strictly legend, 89, was hospitalised 'He's a mini version of ME': Liam Payne claims baby son Bear looks like him during meet or greet with fans... as he shares title and release date of his debut solo single It's Jude 2:0! Law's lookalike son Rafferty cuts a handsome figure as he poses for edgy new Timberland campaign Spitting image Newly-single Vanessa White cosies up to Saturdays bandmate Frankie Bridge's ex Dougie Poynter as they catch up at star-studded hotel launch Dakota Johnson pairs blue-patterned jumpsuit with $190 Gucci plastic slides in Hollywood Has called Gucci designer Alessandro Michele 'a good friend' Focusing on family! Kourtney Kardashian spends time with kids at ice cream museum as 'friends fear ex Scott Disick is spiraling out of control' 'When Virgin don't put your bags on the plane!' Lewis Hamilton looks despondent as he waits for missing luggage 'for over an hour' following flight from Los Angeles Revenge wedding! Emily VanCamp takes to Instagram to announce engagement to Josh Bowman The Canadian actress has her engagement ring 'His loss is tough': Halle Berry posts touching tribute to 'beloved' cat Playdough Posted a tribute to her 'beloved' late cat Playdough 'Did we genuinely miss this?': Eurovision fans left fuming when BBC coverage omits Macedonia contestant's romantic proposal Flocked to Twitter 'Couldn't find one perk in this book': 'Jealous' Harry Styles fans target 1D star's rumoured girlfriend Tess Ward as she receives a string of scathing book reviews Casting her spell! Michelle Pfeiffer, 59, looks enchanting in black pantsuit at the Wizard Of Lies premiere in NYC Knows how to enchant Proving her X Factor! Chloe Paige puts on a leggy display in a plunging gold gown slashed to the thigh as she enjoys night out in London Make-up free Amber Dowding dons skin-tight pink tracksuit as she heads to gym... after TOWIE's Chris Clark dumped Little Mix's Jesy Nelson for her Bring your mum to work day! Jennifer Lopez beams as mother Guadalupe visits her on Shades Of Blue NYC set Gave her a warm hug on the show's set  Giving himself a shake! Nick Jonas slurps protein drink after getting pumped at gym in Los Angeles Showing off his bulging biceps Rosie O'Donnell 'sparks custody battle between her Broadway actress lover and husband' With husband David 'Scott' Schiff  Catherine Tyldesley exudes elegance in a chic Bardot dress as she parties with Corrie co-star Katie McGlynn at perfume bash Looking good Samantha Barks flashes underboob in revealing cut-out LBD as she leads the glamour at premiere of her new film Interlude In Prague A £450,000 collection of designer dresses and £110,000 worth of handbags: Inside Tamara's £1m wardrobe (and what it says about what's inside her head!) Looking Super! Diane Lane joins Faye Dunaway at Paris Can Wait premiere in West Hollywood  It will no doubt be an action extravaganza Adrenaline junkie Tom Cruise can't stop smiling as he races down a Paris street in daring motorbike chase scene for Mission: Impossible 6 Watch this space! Director Ridley Scott brings the Alien saga bursting back to life with hints of his 1979 sci-fi masterpiece  All his hallmarks Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbers had made a previous heist attempt... but were scared off by her husband Kanye West Terrifying ordeal Hugs and kisses! Khloe Kardashian spreads the love with XO sweatshirt as she jets into LA Dressed in head-to-toe camouflage The morning after the knight before! Brooklyn Beckham cuts a trendy figure alongside pal Rocco's girlfriend Kim Turnbull in London... after King Arthur bash 'She had a severe panic attack and collapsed': Stephanie Davis REMAINS in hospital with mystery 'stress-related illness' amid break up   Elisabeth Moss gets VERY steamy with co-star Max Minghella as goes completely NAKED for sex scene in new show The Handmaid's Tale Kylie Jenner goes sporty in crop top as she visits babies with cleft palates during philanthropic Peru trip... after donating $1m for their surgery How I got my Baywatch body back at 49: Donna D'Errico shares more pictures from her extensive plastic surgery transformation  Nicki Minaj and Joe Jonas get close in DNCE's Kissing Strangers music video Rap diva sported a brown-patched bikini top and floral pants  'I was a go-go dancer!': Goldie Hawn reveals she danced on tables for money and took nude photo for Kurt Russell during sexy game with Amy Schumer 'Sincerest regrets': Chanel issues apology after Gabourey Sidibe reveals she was racially profiled at their Chicago boutique  Said sorry Run every town! Jay Z signs massive decade-long $200 million touring contract It seems as though he isn't slowing down anytime soon 'I was asked to do it, and the answer is no': Simon Cowell shuts down any talk of returning for American Idol reboot It's not happening Pregnant Ferne McCann shows off a hint of a bump in chic striped dress as she emerges with a smile on her face... after breaking down in tears live on air Elba's the boss on both sides of the camera: Actor to debut as a director in morality tale movie about a North London drug dealer Starting Monday This Is Us star Chrissy Metz rocks chic LBD as she returns to the red carpet after thanking fans for support following body shaming Unfazed by criticism Sue Perkins and Mel Giedroyc ' frontrunners to host BBC revival of The Generation Game'... months after quitting The Great British Bake Off MasterChef final is tinged with sadness after grandmother who taught contestant to cook sadly dies since it was filmed Last episode   'It affected every part of my life': Jamie O'Hara battled depression after his mother died when he was 17... and sought help because of his sons 'I was sick of taking them': Danniella Westbrook worries fans by admitting she has stopped medication for schizophrenia and clinical depression 'I'm gonna bump you!' Tongue-tied Chris Pratt goes red in the face while playing laugh-out-loud guessing game with Ellen Fits of laughter  Kate Moss and a male pal wear MATCHING khaki jackets in London... after she was left 'pining' for beau Nikolai von Bismark during rehab stint  Gigi Hadid goes casual cool in quirky Tommy Hilfiger jacket on coffee run in New York... and raises eyebrows with new bling on THAT finger 'I feel most confident in the gym': Demi Lovato reveals training MMA is 'definitely therapeutic' as she launches fitness line New range Alexa Chung goes casual chic in oversized sweater and leggings as she enjoys a stroll around New York Showed off her more relaxed style EXCLUSIVE: Attorney lashes out at father of Bella and Gigi Hadid as judge orders him to stand trial and face possible JAIL for illegally built mansion Nephew accused of abusing Katherine Jackson claims she should pay his legal fees as she 'spends thousands every month supporting her children' 'I'm not digging smoking right now': Miley Cyrus QUIT weed because she's 'too busy' to be 'munching at home playing video games' Lana Del Rey swaps glittering gold mini dress for saucy semi-sheer slip in stunning new photo shoot... amid romance rumours with rapper G-Eazy Boxing tale is a thumping tour de force: Jawbone packs an almighty punch, writes BRIAN VINER Stunningly acted, superbly written EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: The BBC's King Charles III inevitably contained plenty of howlers  For example, Prince Charles prefers a belt! 'A budget has been set': Highly-anticipated Downton Abbey film is FINALLY 'set to begin shooting this autumn'... two years after its TV finale Lily and the Downton gang head to Guernsey: Actress speaks about her new role playing a war correspondent  Liked the idea of being an independent woman Harry's heading off in all sorts of directions: Eponymous solo debut from the 1D star is an engaging effort, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  New album Picking up the wedding shoes? Spencer Matthews shops with mother Jane ahead of brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton...as flame Vogue is 'banned' Back to her roots! TOWIE'S Megan McKenna returns to her long raven locks after fooling fans with a bright pink wig Brown locks Cara Delevingne sports a bubblegum pink wig as she shoots scenes new film for Life In A Year... before whipping it off to reveal her shaved head 'This isn't about you': Pregnant Ferne McCann trolled by This Morning viewers after breaking down in tears during first TV appearance since acid attack 'I would be mad too if magazines kept trying to keep us apart': Elsa Pataky breaks silence on 'tense' photos with husband Chris Hemsworth Awkward? Thomas Cohen and girlfriend Zoe Sidel cosy up at Tiffany bash... as his ex Daisy Lowe hits the same star-studded party Three's a crowd Tamara Ecclestone reveals her three-year-old daughter sleeps in her bed EVERY night (and insists her husband 'totally gets it') 'Co-sleeping' method 'We're planning something!': Take That are plotting a reunion tour and new music for 30th anniversary... and want Robbie and Jason on board 'I'm aware that it looks like a giant cigarette': Ashley James shows off her sensational figure in a skimpy bikini as she jokes about bizarre throwback holiday snap  Kourtney Kardashian celebrates new beau Younes Bendjima's birthday over dinner...as ex Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking'  Rob Kardashian digs out old pictures to wish Blac Chyna a happy birthday... after skipping her party with family and friends Boris Becker's ex-wife Barbara, 50, flaunts her long legs in fringed mini-dress as she arrives in style for Duftstars awards in Berlin Kim klone! Ashley Graham continues to channel Kardashian's style as she showcases curves in tight-fitting white two-piece and duster coat Shade! Jessica Chastain does epic eye-roll at Johnny Depp's dependence on earpiece while acting Actor 'has a full-time sound engineer'  Geordie Phwoar! Vicky Pattison shows off her legs in a pretty mini dress covered with flora and fauna embroidery for a summery day out  Cute day dress Vogue Williams shows off hr sideboob as she enjoys sunny holiday... after being 'banned' from Spencer Matthews' brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton 'I asked God to heal my son': Goldie Hawn reveals she turned to prayer when her son Oliver nearly died after birth Was taken to the ICU 13 Reasons Why stars Dylan Minnette and Katherine Langford pose for Entertainment Weekly cover...days after season two renewal Kieran Hayler denies claims wife Katie Price is pregnant in irritable cryptic Instagram video... insisting they 'aren't planning any more babies soon' Do I look good in this? Formula 1 champ Lewis Hamilton snaps a quick selfie during fashion photo shoot in Barcelona Looking uber cool  'Mermaid vibes': TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her incredibly tiny waist and darker braided locks as she poses by the sea for stunning bikini snap Sloane Rangers! Lottie Moss rocks ripped jeans and quirky blue shades as she goes shopping on King's Road with MIC's Emily Blackwell In good spirits PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Tamsin Egerton shows off her blooming bump in a tight T-shirt as she gets cosy with boyfriend Josh Hartnett in the park Tyga's mystery girl revealed! Rapper spotted stepping out with gorgeous Brazilian super star Anitta Her real name is Larissa de Macedo Machado Buckle up! Nicole Scherzinger and French Montana step out in matching beige trench coats as they enjoy night out in LA Denied romance  'He needs to go back to rehab': Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking' as Kourtney Kardashian moves on with toyboy model beau Amy Schumer reveals forgetful Kurt Russell was delighted to meet her for the first time... even though they'd already spent a whole evening together 'He's a great barometer for me:' Zac Efron says he looks to younger brother Dylan for dating advice Turns to his 25-year-old sibling for guidance Kesha turns heads in $823 kooky Gucci platforms and floral suit as she leads the style with long-term love Brad Ashenfelter at star-studded LA premiere This Is Us star Chrissy Metz thanks fans for 'love and support' after getting body shamed for wearing PVC dress to MTV Movie & TV Awards She wore a minidress 'My daily fix of puppy breath': January Jones cuddles up to new fluffy pet pooch Joey Shared a picture snuggled up to her pet pooch 'I never get on a scale!' Curvaceous model Kate Upton reveals she won't go on any crazy diets before wedding to Justin Verlander Not happening Leggy Adriana Lima risks a wardrobe malfunction in sizzling slashed gown while headed to NYC shoot Victoria's Secret Angel was red hot This is the life! Roxanne Pallett is in great spirits in sporty bikini during Portugal getaway... after dramatically leaving The Wedding Singer musical Yo-yo dieter Kirstie Alley indulges in ice cream and cigarette as she makes a Dairy Queen pit stop Treated themselves at a Florida truck stop What's in a name? Beyonce and Jay Z challenged AGAIN over second attempt to trademark Blue Ivy Carter Stranglehold The Fantastic Mr Bonneville: Downton Abbey star Hugh is to portray beloved children's author Roald Dahl in new biopic Coming soon 'A crew of forty, four survivors... ONE distress call': Bill is in mortal danger as Doctor Who confronts dozens of terrifying space zombies Nicole Kidman looks almost unrecognisable in trailer for Top of the Lake: China Girl sporting a grey wig and freckled complexion Who's that girl? That's hardly royal china! Jenna Coleman is a very modern queen as she carries disposable coffee cup while on Victoria set with real-life beau Tom Hughes Her royal cryness! Overwhelmed little boy bursts into tears after meeting Kate in Luxembourg on the latest leg of the royals' Brexit charm offensive Prince Charles reveals his desire to strengthen Britain's 'special relationship' with Ireland - 40 years after his 'honorary grandfather' was killed by the IRA Two houses united in grief: Swedish royals pay their respects to the king's brother-in-law as the Spanish monarchy send off the late Duchess of Calabria The couple that sweats together...! Ivanka Trump and husband Jared Kushner put on a sporty show as they return home after gym session and coffee run 'He's a fraud, and can't cook': Jamie Oliver's calls to bring in a sugar tax to limit obesity is slammed by Australian breakfast TV host Mark Latham 'I wouldn't mind meeting her': Richard Wilkins says he would like 'to have a coffee' with Caitlyn Jenner after she propositioned for a date Made In Chelsea's Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo shows off her pins in a frilled suede skirt as she spends the afternoon frolicking with an array of adorable dogs Coral Queen! Maxima wears a vibrant orange number to welcome the President of Costa Rica to the Netherlands - hours after partying with European royals in Oslo Red hot! Holly Hagan flaunts her ample assets and enviable curves in sizzling in swimsuit in saucy Instagram snap Ex Geordie Shore star Beloved Catweazle and Worzel Gummidge actor Geoffrey Bayldon dies at home at 93 after battling respiratory problems  Beloved British actor Three's a crowd? Newly-single Cara De La Hoyde sizzles in a gold bikini as she eases her heartache in Cape Verde with Alex Bowen and Olivia Buckland He's got a type! Newly-single Tyga enjoys intimate dinner with a mystery girl in LA... who is the spitting image of his rumoured love interest Jordan Ozuna 'She burst into tears!' Busy Philipps surprises mom by wearing wedding dress for parents' 50th anniversary celebration On a Disney cruise Just the two of us! Zoe Saldana and husband Marco Perego leave their boys at home as they share some quality time together Out and about My Modern arrangement: Ariel Winter, 19, reveals her new boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, has moved into her home Going strong  Don't call me Lady Gaga! Singer Stefani Germanotta drops famous stage name for A Star Is Born Reinventing her over-the-top image 'We were invited back to his dressing room...': Petula Clark claims she was propositioned for a THREESOME by Elvis with fellow singer Karen Carpenter Adriana Lima appears to take aim at ex Matt Harvey following booze bender just days after model ditched him and 'rekindled romance with Julian Edelman'  For the Love of fashion: Courtney flaunts her shapely legs in a chic shift dress and pussybow blouse at Cini party in Venice Not her rock chick self Competing with A-Rod? Jennifer Lopez shows off athletic physique in track jacket and clinging tights as she heads to gym in New York Breakaway! American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson set to join rival talent show The Voice... despite singing competition show's ABC return 'People want to create drama!' Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest have been 'transparent'... amid rumors American Idol return will create 'situation' Glam Salma Hayek showcases her enviable style in sizzling pink midi dress as she enjoys a romantic evening with François-Henri Pinault at Cini party in Venice Jingle Bell! Kristen gets animated with Mila Kunis on the Georgia set of A Bad Moms Christmas Was spotted gating rather worked up Young beauty Kaia Gerber, 15, displays striking resemblance to model mother Cindy Crawford, 51, as they enjoy low-key family dinner together in LA The boys are back in town! Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom are mobbed by fans as they hit the world premiere of new Pirates Of The Caribbean film The ultimate troll? Bow Wow claims there's a 'scientific method to his madness' attempting to suggest he purposely did the fake private jet post 'I was never afraid to be a provocative woman': Missy Elliott rocks Marc Jacobs track suit as she reveals inspiration for iconic outfits 'We make decisions as parents now': John Legend reveals he and Chrissy Teigen haven't exposed baby Luna to 'entertainment' yet Protective parents Performing with Glee: Lea Michele wows in plunging grey floral gown with sexy thigh-split as she shows off her dulcet tones at San Francisco gig In a tight spot! Lily James struggles to hold up her stockings and suspenders as she wears 40s costume to film Guernsey scenes on the beach WAG Camille Sold steps out with footballer fiance Morgan Schneiderlin in matching Adidas... paying homage to her past as a sports shop assistant Lily Collins jazzes up her casual jeans with glamorous slick of scarlet lipstick as she catches up with a gal pal over dinner in LA Looked truly stunning Looking fedorable! Drew Barrymore rocks a maroon hat as she channels a flower-power vibe to hail a cab Hailing a cab in New York City 'I truly can't believe it - double digits!' Donald Trump Jr's 'little girl' Kai celebrates 10th birthday alongside her parents, friends, and her aunt Tiffany Action girl! Tom Cruise checks out Mission Impossible 6 co-star Rebecca Ferguson on location in Paris as she struts around him sleek biker leathers Bold look! Charli XCX flaunts her ample cleavage in plunging black bra as she arrives at BBC studios in London Loves a racy ensemble Adrienne Bailon almost falls out of her bizarre one-sleeved shirt on date night with husband  Stepped out to celebrate their friends' birthday 'It's hard to accept help': Made In Chelsea stars Natalie Joel and Lauren Hutton reveal they have battled eating disorders and depression  'He's a talented actor!': Guy Ritchie defends casting David Beckham in King Arthur... but the former footballer insists 'won't be pursuing acting' after backlash Brooklyn Beckham tags along with pal Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull at star-studded King Arthur after-party... but where's dad David? Off-duty chic! Rose Byrne shows off style credentials in layered ensemble as she runs errands in New York Perfected the off-duty look  'My dad is still very much my mum's soulmate': Bindi Irwin breaks her silence on rumours her mother Terri is 'in love' with actor Russell Crowe Carol Vorderman leads outrage as ITV show Benidorm airs 'highly offensive' cleft lip joke which has sparkled 118 complaints to Ofcom Viewers weren't amused Bella Thorne debuts her mermaid curls as she displays her enviably toned physique in a patterned sports bra and cropped tracksuit bottoms On jolly good form! The Queen can't hide her delight as her horse wins a prestigious cup at the Windsor show The monarch wrapped up warm  Don't forget the price tag! Kerry Katona makes embarrassing faux pas as she displays toned pins in denim hot pants on Instagram  Showing them how it's done! BNTM judge Abbey Clancy strips down to a bikini as she cavorts with contestants on yacht for swimwear challenge 'She's the apple of our eyes': Poppy Delevingne insists she is not jealous of sister Cara... admitting supermodel was always destined for greatness Pure and simple: Myleene Klass looks effortlessly cool in a plunging floral maxi dress with sexy thigh-split as she heads to radio studios Cheeky! Kylie Jenner wears nothing but a bra and thong as she shows off generous derriere and ample assets in revealing social media snap 'I screamed and cried through the whole first viewing': Heath Ledger's sister Kate talks about seeing her brother's unseen footage in new documentary Sealed with a kiss!  Kate Hudson locks lips with new musician beau Danny Fujikawa as they make red carpet debut at Snatched premiere It's official 'She died with zero in the bank!' Ex-EastEnder John Partridge reveals his beloved mother has passed away... following his decision to do CBB to fund £45k care costs Peter Andre shares his experience with aliens on This Morning... after landing first movie role in Hollywood thriller The Undoing Bagged new movie role Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Commerzbank Ag - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Commerzbank Ag with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Given a €9.60 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Algert Global LLC Acquires 17,120 Shares of Harvard Bioscience, Inc. (HBIO) Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Shares Sold by Summit Securities Group LLC Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Sells 943 Shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Advisors Asset Management Inc. Has $10.323 Million Stake in Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Sells 819 Shares of Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Has $3.862 Million Position in Rockwell Automation (ROK) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Lowers Stake in Noble Energy, Inc. (NBL) Viacom, Inc. (VIAB) Shares Sold by Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Commscope Holding Company Inc (COMM) Shares Bought by First Trust Advisors LP Cineworld Group plc (CINE) Price Target Increased to GBX 775 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Upgraded to “Neutral” at Credit Suisse Group AG Cairn Energy PLC (CNE) Receives “Buy” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Zacks: Analysts Expect Exfo Inc (EXFO) to Announce $0.04 Earnings Per Share Q1 2018 Earnings Estimate for Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Issued By SunTrust Banks Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Haemonetics Co. Raised by Analyst (HAE) Analysts Expect Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) to Post $0.70 Earnings Per Share Analysts Anticipate Pacific Ethanol Inc (PEIX) to Post -$0.01 Earnings Per Share Analysts Expect CubeSmart (CUBE) to Announce $0.39 EPS Peyto Exploration & Development Corp (PEY) Given New C$36.00 Price Target at TD Securities Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Given a €9.60 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €9.60 ($10.43) price target on Commerzbank Ag (ETR:CBK) in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the financial services provider’s stock. CBK has been the topic of a number of other reports. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €8.45 ($9.18) price objective on Commerzbank Ag and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Wednesday. Kepler Capital Markets set a €10.00 ($10.87) price target on Commerzbank Ag and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Royal Bank of Canada set a €7.50 ($8.15) price target on Commerzbank Ag and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Tuesday. Deutsche Bank AG set a €6.50 ($7.07) target price on Commerzbank Ag and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Finally, Warburg Research set a €8.50 ($9.24) target price on Commerzbank Ag and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. Commerzbank Ag has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €7.75 ($8.43). Shares of Commerzbank Ag (ETR:CBK) traded up 0.169% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting €9.476. 62,046 shares of the stock were exchanged. Commerzbank Ag has a 1-year low of €5.16 and a 1-year high of €9.92. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is €8.63 and its 200-day moving average price is €7.69. The firm has a market capitalization of €11.87 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 42.493. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Given a €9.60 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/commerzbank-ag-cbk-given-a-9-60-price-target-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-analysts.html. Commerzbank Ag Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Commerzbank Ag Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Commerzbank Ag and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Kroll Bond Rating Agency Assigns Preliminary Ratings to 245 Park Avenue Trust 2017-245P NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Kroll Bond Rating Agency (KBRA) is pleased to announce the assignment of preliminary ratings to eight classes of 245 Park Avenue Trust 2017-245P, a $500.0 million CMBS single borrower transaction (see ratings list below). The collateral for the securitization consists of a $500.0 million portion of a $1.2 billion single, non-recourse, first lien, fixed-rate mortgage loan that is secured by the borrower’s fee simple interest in 245 Park Avenue, a 1.7 million sf, 44-story, Class A office tower on Park Avenue between East 46th and 47th Streets. The property, which was constructed in 1967, is primarily comprised of office space, but also includes 40,138 sf of retail space. As of April 2017, the property was 91.1% leased to 19 tenants, the five largest of which account for 84.4% of total base rent. The five largest tenants by base rent at the property are JPMorgan Chase & Co., a High Quality Credit Worthy Tenant (HQCWT); Major League Baseball, Angelo Gordon & Co., Rabobank Nederland (HQCWT), and Ares Capital Corporation. Both JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Major League Baseball sublease a large majority of their space to various subtenants, including Société Générale (HQCWT), which uses the subject as its Americas headquarters and subleases 562,347 sf (32.6% of total sf). The loan sponsor is HNA Group, a Chinese conglomerate founded in 1993 with business lines that span multiple industries including hospitality, real estate, retail and logistics supply. KBRA’s analysis of the transaction included a detailed evaluation of the property’s cash flow using our CMBS Property Evaluation Methodology, and the application of our CMBS Single Borrower and Large Loan Rating Methodology. The results of our analysis yielded a KBRA net cash flow (KNCF) of $101.7 million. To value the property, we applied a capitalization rate of 6.75% to arrive at a KBRA value of $1.5 billion and a KBRA Loan to Value (KLTV) of 79.6%. In our analysis of the transaction, we also reviewed and considered third party engineering, environmental and appraisal reports; the results of our site inspection of the property, and legal documentation review. For further details on KBRA’s analysis, please see our Pre-Sale Report, entitled 245 Park Avenue Trust 2017-245P, which was published today at www.kbra.com. The preliminary ratings are based on information known to KBRA at the time of this publication. Information received subsequent to this release could result in the assignment of final ratings that differ from the preliminary ratings. Preliminary Ratings Assigned: 245 Park Avenue Trust 2017-245P   Class       Expected Rating       Balance (US$) A       AAA (sf)       $260,000,000 X-A       AAA (sf)       $260,000,000* B       AA- (sf)       $39,000,000 X-B       AAA (sf)       $39,000,000* C       A (sf)       $31,000,000 D       BBB (sf)       $50,000,000 E       BBB- (sf)       $90,000,000 HRR Interest**       BB+ (sf)       $30,000,000 *Notional balance ** The HRR Interest is intended to constitute an eligible horizontal residual interest for purposes of the US risk retention rules and will be retained a third party purchaser. It will have a balance equal to at least 5.0% of all non-residual certificates issued by the trust. Representations & Warranties Disclosure: All Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations are required, pursuant to SEC Rule 17g-7, to provide a description of a transaction’s representations, warranties and enforcement mechanisms that are available to investors when issuing credit ratings. KBRA’s disclosure for this transaction can be found in the report entitled 245 Park Avenue Trust 2017-245P Representations & Warranties Disclosure. Related publications: About Kroll Bond Rating Agency KBRA is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization (NRSRO). In addition, KBRA is recognized by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) as a Credit Rating Provider (CRP). CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The uLeash Is the World’s Most Durable and Functional Leash Ever Created Next PostNext Global Fermentation Chemicals Market is Expected to Reach US$ 66.0 Bn by 2022 – Credence Research Search Recent Posts Global and Chinese Cactus Extract Industry 2017 to 2022 Global Prebiotics Ingredients 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Global Proton Therapy Market Likely to Touch US$ 3 Billion Value by 2024 – Persistence Market Research Trending Report of Doxycycline Monohydrate Market – Drivers, Strategies, Applications and Competitive Landscape 2022 2017 to 2022 Global and Chinese Broccoli Extract Market Research Analysis Report RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES BANKING May 12, 2017 | Last updated 2 minutes ago usd---- ---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: IPL Business Podcast UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Business Podcast Data Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Why gold fans should brace for higher prices Gold hits biggest fall since March Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Gold Rate Sectors29 Markets15 Automotives2 Banking1 Construction Employment Features2 General Investment1 Media1 Careers2 Energy54 Retail3 Shipping2 Technology10 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Emissions cheating: VW to pay $1.2b New Windows: Pick up where you left off Embed coaching as corporate strategic investment Aviation5 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Emirates profit falls after 'turbulent year’ Air India Express eyes tie-up with flydubai Abu Dhabi Airports signs MoU with Musanada Economy4 Property1 GN Property top stories in Property Union Properties’ reports flat profits MAG gets back into upscale ways Mid-market property in Dubai may feel pressure Money Dirhams and Dollars Visas Analysis3 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus JPMorgan to add bankers in Saudi Arabia to reflect market growth Saudi Arabia has unveiled about $200 billion of privatisation of state-owned companies over the next few years Published: 17:15 May 11, 2017 Reuters   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE DUBAI JPMorgan will increase the number of bankers it has in Saudi Arabia to around 80 by the end of the year to capitalise on the increase in equity market activity and mergers and acquisitions in the kingdom, a senior executive said. “We’re invested in investment banking and our equities brokerage capabilities as we expect more activity in the equity market with all the changes that are going on,” Sjoerd Leenart, head of JPMorgan’s Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region, told Reuters on Thursday. Saudi Arabia has unveiled about $200 billion of privatisation of state-owned companies over the next few years, selling stakes in everything from hospitals to airports. The kingdom is also listing oil company Saudi Aramco, which it expects will raise another $100 billion. More from Banking JPMorgan to add bankers in Saudi Arabia Mashreq won’t grow faster than economy this year Mashreq is set to become a 'branchless bank' Qatar to seek approval to boost Deutsche stake Philippines' central bank chief signals reforms Commerzbank gets one-off boost Mashreq Bank, Commerzbank sign partnership deal ‘Better times ahead for UAE banking sector’ tags from this storySaudi Arabia follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsBanking tagsSaudi Arabia follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In BankingMashreq won’t grow faster than economy this year Business Gallery China’s home-grown C919 passenger jet takes off In Pictures: Arab Media Forum kicks off in Dubai Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosGalleries 01Mashreq is set to become a 'branchless bank' 02‘Better times ahead for UAE banking sector’ 03NBAD-FGB merger to trigger more consolidation Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Dubai residents on gas increase Jul 22, 2015 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 2Images China’s home-grown C919 passenger jet takes off May 05, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 8Images Dubai’s next big mall gets into project mode Mar 16, 2017 12Images China-Britain freight train completes round trip Apr 30, 2017 Gulf News Business on Twitter Tweets by @GulfNewsBiz Follow @GulfNewsBiz on Twitter Most Popular on Gulf News Housewife: I was kidnapped and raped How a selfie landed 3 women in trouble Indian stuck in blood money case flies home $1m jackpot leaves ex-teacher in awe Woman in court for 'sex with boyfriend' remark Your guide 2017 UAE holidays Tourist filmed naked at hotel, court hears 20 places to visit for free or less than Dh20 Man finds alphabets in Dubai from space Close Recommended For You Watch: Love message gets husband in troublePUBLISHED ON May 12, 2017 Slow has place in fast-track sports broadcastingPUBLISHED ON May 12, 2017 Watch: Love message gets husband in troublePUBLISHED ON May 12, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2017. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Insys Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Insys Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set $7.58 Target Price for USA Truck, Inc. (USAK) EnerNOC, Inc. (ENOC) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.44 EPS Insys Therapeutics Inc (INSY) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Core-Mark Holding Company, Inc. (CORE) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.08 EPS Analysts Anticipate UTStarcom Holdings Corp (UTSI) to Announce $0.00 EPS Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Shares Sold by Wells Fargo & Company MN Wells Fargo & Company MN Acquires 81,950 Shares of UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Purchases 258,800 Shares of Knight Transportation (KNX) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Boosts Position in Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK) Fortive Corp (FTV) Shares Bought by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Wells Fargo & Company MN Boosts Position in Innospec Inc. (IOSP) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Has $9.501 Million Position in Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) EOG Resources Inc (EOG) Shares Bought by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board KLR Group Increases Continental Resources, Inc. (CLR) Price Target to $58.00 Colfax Corp (CFX) Price Target Raised to $48.00 City Office REIT Inc (CIO) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) COO Sells $296,940.00 in Stock Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. Blackrock MuniEnhanced Fund (MEN) Getting Negative Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports FY2017 EPS Estimates for Red Lion Hotels Co. (RLH) Increased by Analyst Insys Therapeutics Inc (INSY) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Insys Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:INSY) posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday. The specialty pharmaceutical company reported ($0.09) EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.10) by $0.01. The company had revenue of $35.92 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $37.78 million. Insys Therapeutics had a return on equity of 9.39% and a net margin of 8.71%. Insys Therapeutics’s revenue for the quarter was down 40.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.11 earnings per share. Shares of Insys Therapeutics (NASDAQ:INSY) traded down 3.19% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $11.22. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 78,952 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $10.73 and its 200 day moving average price is $10.83. The firm has a market cap of $807.36 million, a P/E ratio of 112.20 and a beta of 0.26. Insys Therapeutics has a 12-month low of $8.70 and a 12-month high of $19.96. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. American International Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Insys Therapeutics by 7.1% in the first quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 14,462 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $152,000 after buying an additional 953 shares in the last quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group raised its position in shares of Insys Therapeutics by 36.2% in the first quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group now owns 76,894 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $845,000 after buying an additional 20,439 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Insys Therapeutics by 37.9% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 45,694 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $480,000 after buying an additional 12,561 shares in the last quarter. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC raised its position in shares of Insys Therapeutics by 34.5% in the first quarter. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC now owns 25,712 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $270,000 after buying an additional 6,600 shares in the last quarter. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Insys Therapeutics during the first quarter valued at $172,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 45.21% of the company’s stock. A number of research firms recently commented on INSY. Piper Jaffray Companies cut Insys Therapeutics from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their price objective for the company from $20.00 to $10.00 in a research report on Wednesday. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $16.00 price objective on shares of Insys Therapeutics in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Zacks Investment Research cut Insys Therapeutics from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $16.00 price objective on shares of Insys Therapeutics in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Insys Therapeutics in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $13.50. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/insys-therapeutics-inc-insy-releases-earnings-results-beats-estimates-by-0-01-eps.html. About Insys Therapeutics Insys Therapeutics, Inc is a commercial-stage specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company develops and commercializes supportive care products. The Company’s product Subsys, is a sublingual fentanyl spray for breakthrough cancer pain (BTCP) in opioid-tolerant patients and a single-use product that delivers fentanyl, an opioid analgesic, for transmucosal absorption underneath the tongue. Receive News & Ratings for Insys Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Insys Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse 5 Takeaways From Snap's Q1 Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 11, 2017 10:37am   Comments Share: Related Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 11 Snap Goes Splat: Sell-Side Reacts To Company's First Earnings Report Snapchat Snapped - Is There More to Come? (GuruFocus) JPMorgan's Doug Anmuth maintains a Neutral rating on Snap Inc (NYSE: SNAP) but with a price target lowered from $24 to $20 after the company reported its first ever earnings report as a public company. Anmuth's revised price target and Neutral stance are based on five key takeaways from the earnings report. 1. Revenue Versus DAUs Anmuth believes the 20-percent plunge in Snap's stock is attributed to revenue concerns rather than daily active user metrics. Specifically, DAU net adds during the quarter rose from 5 million in the prior quarter to 8 million and were in line with expectations. But analysts were expecting the company to report revenue of around $170 million so the reported $149.64 million was notably short of expectations. 2. Early In The Game Snap's user base consists of 166 million users that spend on average 30 minutes a day on the platform. Meanwhile, the social media company has been monetizing its platform for just two years and management is working hard on tripling its workforce to improve its metrics, although this will take time. 3. Progress Is Apparent During the quarter, Snap's users created 3 billion Daily Snaps which marks an improvement from 2.5 billion in the third quarter of 2016. Meanwhile, Stories in Search recently launched and Snap Ads are now available through self-serve. 4. Hosting Costs Snap also said in its report that its hosting costs declined quarter-over-quarter at a time when engagement increased. Moving forward, hosting cost leverage will become more important to the company as monetization improves. 5. Expiration Dates Finally, the analyst noted attention will shift to Snap's July-August lock-up expiration. The company's 150- and 180-day lock-up expiration that kicks in at the end of July implies around 84 percent of shares outstanding will theoretically become available for sale. The Bottom Line Bottom line, the analyst's view on the company remains mostly unchanged following the report. At the end of the day, the company boasts an "increasingly competitive" social media platform but is unlikely to make a profit until at least 2019. As such, a Neutral rating is most appropriate for the time being. At last check, shares were down 19.8 percent at $18.43. Related Links: Snap's Earnings Report Reinforces Nomura's Bearish Initiation Snapchat And Diminished Reality Latest Ratings for SNAP Date Firm Action From To May 2017 Citigroup Maintains Buy May 2017 Cantor Fitzgerald Upgrades Underweight Neutral May 2017 Oppenheimer Upgrades Perform Outperform View More Analyst Ratings for SNAP View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings News Price Target Reiteration Analyst Ratings Movers Tech Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (SNAP) Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 11 Snap Goes Splat: Sell-Side Reacts To Company's First Earnings Report Underwriters Nailed Snap's Market Valuation Perfectly Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Crude Oil Up 1.25%; Straight Path Shares Plunge Ross Sandler Highlights Snap's Q1 Positives And What To Monitor 22 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Thursday View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on SNAP Trending Recent 1 TIME, AER: 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 2 STRP, WFM: 20 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 3 IBM, NVDA: Bull & Bear Takeaways From Nvidia's Q1 Beat 4 CROX, TIME: 12 Stocks To Watch For May 10, 2017 5 PNK, HOLX: Earnings Scheduled For May 10, 2017 6 NVDA, INTC: Nvidia Looks Like The Pr... 7 SPY, XLF: Seth Merrin Talk... 1 SNAP: Underwriters Nailed Snap's Market Valuation Perfectly 2 CANN, PRMCF: Green Flower Media CEO Explains Why Cannabis Education Is Key To... 3 SPY, SPX: Senate Needs To Move Fast On Healthcare Before Overhaulin... 4 How Average Investors Can Succeed In Today's Market 5 AEO, EXPR: Why Would Anyone Buy Abercrombie? 6 FB, NFLX: How Netflix Defied Cannes Tradition, Mif... 7 CRR, CBB: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Cru... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Big Retail Earnings On Display, Starting With Macy's As Season Winds Down Jim Cramer Rips Into Evan Spiegel: 'He Needs To Be Hazed'
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Saga PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Saga PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Saga PLC (SAGA) Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Cobham plc (COB) Dan Teodosiu Sells 7,250 Shares of Criteo SA (CRTO) Stock Waste Connections (WCN) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Insider Buying: Jamba, Inc. (JMBA) Director Buys $420,397.45 in Stock Moshe Gavrielov Sells 6,900 Shares of Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Stock Rite Aid Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (RAD) Cohen & Steers REIT/Pfd Inc Fd (RNP) Plans $0.12 Monthly Dividend Apollo Senior Floating Rate Fund Inc (AFT) Announces $0.09 Monthly Dividend Shell Midstream Partners LP (SHLX) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Rice Energy Inc (RICE) PT Raised to $34.00 at Stifel Nicolaus Spark Energy Inc (SPKE) PT Raised to $34.00 at Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services DDR Corp (DDR) PT Lowered to $13.00 Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Has $980,000 Stake in Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Shares Bought by Vigilant Capital Management LLC Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Stake Reduced by Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc. CT Enterprise Financial Services Corp Sells 1,075 Shares of BP plc (BP) Palisade Asset Management LLC Sells 300 Shares of Novartis AG (NVS) Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Raises Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Enterprise Financial Services Corp Has $564,000 Position in Clorox Co (CLX) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Saga PLC (SAGA) May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of firms have modified their ratings and price targets on shares of Saga PLC (LON: SAGA) recently: 5/8/2017 – Saga PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a GBX 220 ($2.85) price target on the stock. 5/3/2017 – Saga PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Peel Hunt. They now have a GBX 250 ($3.23) price target on the stock. 5/3/2017 – Saga PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 215 ($2.78) price target on the stock. 4/20/2017 – Saga PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 4/6/2017 – Saga PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 200 ($2.59) price target on the stock. 3/30/2017 – Saga PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Beaufort Securities. 3/30/2017 – Saga PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 215 ($2.78) price target on the stock. 3/29/2017 – Saga PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Peel Hunt. They now have a GBX 250 ($3.23) price target on the stock. 3/23/2017 – Saga PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Peel Hunt. They now have a GBX 250 ($3.23) price target on the stock. Saga PLC (LON:SAGA) opened at 206.75 on Thursday. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 207.89 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 196.20. The company’s market cap is GBX 2.30 billion. Saga PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 175.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 227.38. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be given a dividend of GBX 5.80 ($0.08) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This represents a yield of 2.84%. This is a positive change from Saga PLC’s previous dividend of $2.70. In other news, insider Jonathan Hill sold 24,683 shares of Saga PLC stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 208 ($2.69), for a total value of £51,340.64 ($66,400.21). Saga plc is a provider of services for the customers aged 50 and over. The Company operates through three segments: Insurance, Travel, and Emerging Businesses and Central Costs. Insurance segment consists of general insurance products, such as Motor insurance, Home insurance and Other insurance. Travel segment primarily consists of the operation and delivery of package tours and cruise holiday products. Receive News & Ratings for Saga PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Saga PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video REFILE-JPMorgan to add bankers in Saudi Arabia to reflect market growth Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu May 11, 2017 | 9:05am EDT REFILE-JPMorgan to add bankers in Saudi Arabia to reflect market growth (Adds Turkey to job title of JP Morgan banker) By Saeed Azhar and Tom Arnold DUBAI May 11 JPMorgan will increase the number of bankers it has in Saudi Arabia to around 80 by the end of the year to capitalise on the increase in equity market activity and mergers and acquisitions in the kingdom, a senior executive said. Saudi Arabia has unveiled about $200 billion of privatisation of state-owned companies over the next few years, selling stakes in everything from hospitals to airports. The kingdom is also listing oil company Saudi Aramco, which it expects will raise another $100 billion. "We're invested in investment banking and our equities brokerage capabilities as we expect more activity in the equity market with all the changes that are going on," Sjoerd Leenart, head of JPMorgan's regional head for the Middle East, Turkey and Africa, told Reuters on Thursday. "We have about 70 people now and will go to around 80 at year end." Leenart said the bank can also draw on expertise from outside the region. "There's a very important balance to maintain between having expertise on the ground and drawing on industry expertise sitting in the U.S. or UK," he said. JPMorgan, which sources have told Reuters has been appointed as a financial adviser to help in the listing of Aramco, has been in kingdom for more than 80 years. JPMorgan has declined to comment on its advisory role. "From 2018 onwards, we expect a busy agenda in terms of IPO listings and trade sales to strategic and financial buyers," Leenart said. The bank has had an active year so far in 2017, advising on M&A transactions and the sale of the sovereign's $9 billion sukuk. Credit Agricole picked it to advise it on a potential sale of the French bank's 31 percent stake in Banque Saudi Fransi, valued at nearly $2.4 billion, sources told Reuters on March 8. JPMorgan is also advising Riyadh-based ACWA Power on a move by Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund, the Public Investment Fund (PIF), to buy a stake, sources close to the matter told Reuters in November. Leenart said the firm is also investing in its Saudi custody business, but did not give specific details. (Editing by Alexander Smith) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News BOJ's Kuroda: protectionism is no solution for fixing global inequality BARI, Italy, May 12 Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said on Friday that trade protectionism won't be a solution to fix the problem of widening global inequality. UPDATE 1-Broad-based upswing pushes German economy into higher gear * Analysts see "boom without end" in Germany (Adds analysts, data details, background) Slovak Republic - Factors To Watch on May 12 BRATISLAVA, May 12 Here are news stories, press reports and events to watch which may affect Slovak financial markets on Friday. ALL TIMES GMT (Slovak Republic: GMT + 2 hours) =========================ECONOMIC DATA======================== Real-time economic data releases.................. Summary of economic data and forecasts......... Recently released economic data................ Previous stories on Slovak da MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
businessInsiderLoad mobile navigation Economy Markets Sectors All Sectors Banking & Finance Energy Food & Drink Retail & Consumer Property Science & Technology Tourism TransportExpand Events Special Reports Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter About Us Contact Us Contact Us About Us Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS feeds © Insider Publications Ltd Home News Markets News Pret A Manger poised to float on US stock market and become £1bn company Private equity owner Bridgepoint engages advisers JP Morgan Chase and Jefferies as it considers options including a New York Stock Exchange initial public offering  Share By insider.co.uk 12:13, 11 MAY 2017 Updated12:18, 11 MAY 2017 News Although Pret was born in London in 1984, it is understood that the US is being favoured  Share Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email High street sandwich-and-salad pioneer Pret A Manger is preparing to float on the US stock market in a move that would value the chain at more than £1bn. Bridgepoint, the company’s private equity owner, has engaged advisers JP Morgan Chase and Jefferies as it considers its options, including a New York Stock Exchange initial public offering (IPO). Read More People's Energy: How we were inspired to set up a company which will bring power back to the people, by Karin Sode Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse, Barclays and Piper Jaffray are also reported to be advising on the IPO, which is expected to see Bridgepoint, which bought Pret for £420m in 2008 selling off only a portion of the company. Although Pret - which has a host of outlets in Scotland's cities and towns - was born in London in 1984, it is understood that the US is being favoured over the UK because the razzmatazz surrounding an NYSE listing could raise the chain’s profile in a key future growth market. Pret announced last month that its US sales had broken the $200m mark for the first time last year. Read More New £1.1m push to encourage innovation in food and drink industry A spokesman for Bridgepoint said: “As a committed shareholder in Pret we are always exploring appropriate opportunities to ensure the future growth of the company. If such opportunities materialise, we will update the market.” The group posted a record set of results in 2016, with worldwide sales rising 15 per cent to £776.2m, while operating profit grew 11 per cent to £93.2m. Like-for-like sales rose 4.8 per cent. Pret opened 50 new shops during 2016, including 31 in the UK, taking its total to 444. Read More Top stories Martin Gilbert exclusive Snap shares plummet BT jobs shock Cold call firm's record fine Why our football index matters Emirates' challenging year Oil's unwanted first £1.1m food for thought Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @insidermag Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe More On Food & Drink Markets News all Most Read Most Recent Martin GilbertWhy Aberdeen Asset Management and Standard Life are merging into Standard Life Aberdeen, by Martin Gilbert INSIDER EXCLUSIVE: The co-founder and chief executive of Aberdeen Asset Management reveals the background to the merger, why it went ahead, the job cuts and the vision of creating a world-class investment company headquartered in Scotland The Open (golf)Historic Musselburgh Links to be restored to former glory in £10m revamp The oldest surviving course in the world where golf has been continuously played could ''spearhead a national and international campaign that further enhances tourism in East Lothian'' Royal Bank of ScotlandRBS defends spending £100m on court battle with investors Bank's AGM hears chairman reject judge's criticism of  ''staggering cost of Rolls Royce legal team'' and blame complexity of the case for huge bill Bank of ScotlandEdinburgh trams boost prices of houses along routes A Bank of Scotland survey reveals price growth new tram routes is almost four times faster than in the two years before tram lines opened Retail & ConsumerDyson hails 'historic victory for consumers' after court supports fight against EU tests Sir James Dyson's claim that EU suction tests favour his rivals has been upheld by court of appeal Science & TechnologySmarter Grid Solutions launches new business unit The SGS unit will focus on selling its resource management products to businesses and others generating their own renewable energy on-site General ElectionCorbyn's 'radical' plans for state-owned energy start-ups might be more of a vote-winner than his critics suggest, says Colin Donald Comment: The public don't care how energy is provided ... they just want it to work and they want prices to be reasonable Bank of ScotlandEdinburgh trams boost prices of houses along routes A Bank of Scotland survey reveals price growth new tram routes is almost four times faster than in the two years before tram lines opened Science & TechnologyGoogle to trial 360-degree camera from Edinburgh firm NC Tech for Street View Imaging system will be available in the fourth quarter of this year and early details were presented at the Google Street View Summit in Tokyo PropertyWork starts on £5.5m refurbishment of West George Street offices to meet strong demand Work at 191 West George Street will be the only significant Grade A office refurbishment in Glasgow's central business district this year Most Read Most Recent Special ReportsInsider Football Finance Index, the results: Who is top of the table in Scottish football Is it Celtic, Rangers, Aberdeen, Hearts or Hibs who take the inaugural insider.co.uk title of best club when it comes to the finance side of Scottish football? Take a look at our EXCLUSIVE analysis Martin GilbertWhy Aberdeen Asset Management and Standard Life are merging into Standard Life Aberdeen, by Martin Gilbert INSIDER EXCLUSIVE: The co-founder and chief executive of Aberdeen Asset Management reveals the background to the merger, why it went ahead, the job cuts and the vision of creating a world-class investment company headquartered in Scotland The Open (golf)Historic Musselburgh Links to be restored to former glory in £10m revamp The oldest surviving course in the world where golf has been continuously played could ''spearhead a national and international campaign that further enhances tourism in East Lothian'' Royal Bank of ScotlandRBS defends spending £100m on court battle with investors Bank's AGM hears chairman reject judge's criticism of  ''staggering cost of Rolls Royce legal team'' and blame complexity of the case for huge bill SME AwardsGreat SME learning opportunities at new Insider conference Insider to host first day-long conference for SMEs this November. Science & TechnologySmarter Grid Solutions launches new business unit The SGS unit will focus on selling its resource management products to businesses and others generating their own renewable energy on-site General ElectionCorbyn's 'radical' plans for state-owned energy start-ups might be more of a vote-winner than his critics suggest, says Colin Donald Comment: The public don't care how energy is provided ... they just want it to work and they want prices to be reasonable Bank of ScotlandEdinburgh trams boost prices of houses along routes A Bank of Scotland survey reveals price growth new tram routes is almost four times faster than in the two years before tram lines opened Science & TechnologyGoogle to trial 360-degree camera from Edinburgh firm NC Tech for Street View Imaging system will be available in the fourth quarter of this year and early details were presented at the Google Street View Summit in Tokyo PropertyWork starts on £5.5m refurbishment of West George Street offices to meet strong demand Work at 191 West George Street will be the only significant Grade A office refurbishment in Glasgow's central business district this year Top Stories Special ReportsInsider Football Finance Index, the results: Who is top of the table in Scottish football Is it Celtic, Rangers, Aberdeen, Hearts or Hibs who take the inaugural insider.co.uk title of best club when it comes to the finance side of Scottish football? Take a look at our EXCLUSIVE analysis Royal Bank of ScotlandRBS defends spending £100m on court battle with investors Bank's AGM hears chairman reject judge's criticism of  ''staggering cost of Rolls Royce legal team'' and blame complexity of the case for huge bill PropertyWork starts on £5.5m refurbishment of West George Street offices to meet strong demand Work at 191 West George Street will be the only significant Grade A office refurbishment in Glasgow's central business district this year Bank of ScotlandEdinburgh trams boost prices of houses along routes A Bank of Scotland survey reveals price growth new tram routes is almost four times faster than in the two years before tram lines opened NewsLloyds on brink of being returned to private ownership and at least £500m flowing into Treasury coffers Chief executive Antonio Horta-Osorio tells shareholders at banking group's AGM that it is just days away from ''major milestone'' of  selling last government stake Science & TechnologySmarter Grid Solutions launches new business unit The SGS unit will focus on selling its resource management products to businesses and others generating their own renewable energy on-site General ElectionCorbyn's 'radical' plans for state-owned energy start-ups might be more of a vote-winner than his critics suggest, says Colin Donald Comment: The public don't care how energy is provided ... they just want it to work and they want prices to be reasonable Retail & ConsumerDyson hails 'historic victory for consumers' after court supports fight against EU tests Sir James Dyson's claim that EU suction tests favour his rivals has been upheld by court of appeal Science & TechnologyGoogle to trial 360-degree camera from Edinburgh firm NC Tech for Street View Imaging system will be available in the fourth quarter of this year and early details were presented at the Google Street View Summit in Tokyo NewsMillions love a midday munch. Here are the top 10 workplace snacks Find out if your favourite treat of choice is up there with the most popular in the country Martin GilbertWhy Aberdeen Asset Management and Standard Life are merging into Standard Life Aberdeen, by Martin Gilbert INSIDER EXCLUSIVE: The co-founder and chief executive of Aberdeen Asset Management reveals the background to the merger, why it went ahead, the job cuts and the vision of creating a world-class investment company headquartered in Scotland The Open (golf)Historic Musselburgh Links to be restored to former glory in £10m revamp The oldest surviving course in the world where golf has been continuously played could ''spearhead a national and international campaign that further enhances tourism in East Lothian'' Royal Bank of ScotlandRBS defends spending £100m on court battle with investors Bank's AGM hears chairman reject judge's criticism of  ''staggering cost of Rolls Royce legal team'' and blame complexity of the case for huge bill Bank of ScotlandEdinburgh trams boost prices of houses along routes A Bank of Scotland survey reveals price growth new tram routes is almost four times faster than in the two years before tram lines opened Retail & ConsumerDyson hails 'historic victory for consumers' after court supports fight against EU tests Sir James Dyson's claim that EU suction tests favour his rivals has been upheld by court of appeal Royal Bank of ScotlandDisgraced former RBS chief executive Fred Goodwin's long and winding road to court finally ends with a sensational trial INSIDER EXCLUSIVE: Ian Fraser, who wrote a best-selling book on the collapse of the Royal Bank of Scotland, looks at the fight to force former bank bosses to appear in court NewsBT to shed 4,000 jobs as scandal-hit Global Services division shake-up continues Jobs will go in back-office and managerial sectors following replacement of division head over improper behaviour in accounting procedures which cost BT more than £500m Science & TechnologyGoogle to trial 360-degree camera from Edinburgh firm NC Tech for Street View Imaging system will be available in the fourth quarter of this year and early details were presented at the Google Street View Summit in Tokyo TransportGlasgow, Edinburgh and Aberdeen airports see passenger numbers soar More than 1.1 million and 786k passed through Edinburgh and Glasgow in April respectively, while Aberdeen benefitted from new routes Banking & FinanceBarclays' embattled chief executive Jes Staley survives shareholder anger Top executive forced to apologise to keep his job and head off threatened shareholder revolt over his attempts to unmask whistleblower General ElectionCorbyn's 'radical' plans for state-owned energy start-ups might be more of a vote-winner than his critics suggest, says Colin Donald Comment: The public don't care how energy is provided ... they just want it to work and they want prices to be reasonable Food & DrinkNew £1.1m push to encourage innovation in food and drink industry Make Innovation Happen will pull together all sources of support for companies looking to develop new ideas PropertyWork starts on £5.5m refurbishment of West George Street offices to meet strong demand Work at 191 West George Street will be the only significant Grade A office refurbishment in Glasgow's central business district this year Science & TechnologySmarter Grid Solutions launches new business unit The SGS unit will focus on selling its resource management products to businesses and others generating their own renewable energy on-site News800 jobs to go as Aberdeen Asset Management and Standard Life merge Job cuts will come through natural turnover and recruitment management over three years as joint company to be named Standard Life Aberdeen and managed by board drawn equally from both partners. NewsThe Counter burger chain makes journey from LA to Glasgow to open first UK outlet Property management company Daniel Johns acquire rights to open The Counter and its “fast casual” counterpart BUILT in England and Scotland NewsMillions love a midday munch. Here are the top 10 workplace snacks Find out if your favourite treat of choice is up there with the most popular in the country NewsNew data protection rules - what do employers and HR teams need to know? The new General Data Protection Regulation will bring about the greatest ever reform of our current laws on data protection on 25 May. Val Surgenor, a partner at MacRoberts LLP, brings you up to speed on the detail NewsComment: You aren’t alone PwC partner Philippe Guijarro's first person account of his own experiences coping with mental health issues for Mental Health Awareness Week EconomyScotland's GDP less than half of the UK as a whole Analysis from Scottish Trends economist John McLaren also shows economic output per head below the UK's for the first time since the 1970s Economy Markets Sectors Events Special Reports Follow us facebook twitter Contact Us About Us Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS feeds © Insider Publications Ltd This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance iRobot Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for iRobot Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News First Quadrant L P CA Has $384,000 Stake in Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) iRobot Co. (IRBT) Stake Maintained by First Quadrant L P CA East West Bancorp, Inc. (EWBC) Shares Bought by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Has $423,000 Stake in Hess Corp. (HES) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Holds Stake in GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Short Interest Update Brink's Company (BCO) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 16th David S. Chernow Sells 116,050 Shares of Select Medical Holdings Co. (SEM) Stock Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest First Quadrant L P CA Has $406,000 Position in Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Increases Position in Citigroup Inc (C) First Quadrant L P CA Decreases Position in Graham Holdings Co (GHC) First Quadrant L P CA Has $398,000 Stake in Veritiv Corp (VRTV) Elevate Credit Inc’s Quiet Period Will End on May 16th (NASDAQ:ELVT) Zacks: Brokerages Expect Verastem Inc (VSTM) to Announce -$0.34 Earnings Per Share Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (HGV) to Buy Insmed Incorporated (INSM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Everbridge Inc (EVBG) Rating Reiterated by Pacific Crest Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades ING Groep NV (ING) to Hold iRobot Co. (IRBT) Stake Maintained by First Quadrant L P CA May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet First Quadrant L P CA held its position in iRobot Co. (NASDAQ:IRBT) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 5,593 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. First Quadrant L P CA’s holdings in iRobot were worth $370,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Capital One National Association raised its position in iRobot by 2.0% in the third quarter. Capital One National Association now owns 7,167 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $315,000 after buying an additional 138 shares during the period. Hussman Strategic Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in iRobot during the third quarter worth $2,199,000. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in iRobot by 13.8% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 13,999 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $616,000 after buying an additional 1,700 shares during the period. US Bancorp DE raised its position in iRobot by 0.7% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 2,293 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $101,000 after buying an additional 16 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in iRobot by 238.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 98,366 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $4,326,000 after buying an additional 69,307 shares during the period. 79.37% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. iRobot Co. (NASDAQ:IRBT) opened at 88.70 on Thursday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $70.51 and its 200-day moving average price is $60.28. iRobot Co. has a 52 week low of $33.90 and a 52 week high of $88.77. The company has a market capitalization of $2.43 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 45.60 and a beta of 1.15. iRobot (NASDAQ:IRBT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The industrial products company reported $0.52 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.26 by $0.26. iRobot had a return on equity of 11.14% and a net margin of 6.35%. The company had revenue of $168.47 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $155.86 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.13 EPS. iRobot’s revenue was up 28.8% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that iRobot Co. will post $1.66 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “iRobot Co. (IRBT) Stake Maintained by First Quadrant L P CA” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/irobot-co-irbt-stake-maintained-by-first-quadrant-l-p-ca.html. IRBT has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered iRobot from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Needham & Company LLC lowered iRobot from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, Canaccord Genuity reissued a “buy” rating and set a $68.00 price target on shares of iRobot in a research note on Friday, February 10th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $65.71. In related news, CEO Colin M. Angle sold 9,485 shares of iRobot stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $65.89, for a total value of $624,966.65. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 495,349 shares in the company, valued at approximately $32,638,545.61. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, CFO Alison Dean sold 7,375 shares of iRobot stock in a transaction dated Friday, April 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $66.59, for a total value of $491,101.25. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 90,656 shares in the company, valued at $6,036,783.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 23,257 shares of company stock worth $1,656,333. 5.53% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. iRobot Company Profile iRobot Corporation is a consumer robot company, which is engaged in designing and building robots. The Company’s portfolio of solutions features various technologies for the connected home and various concepts in mapping, navigation, mobility and artificial intelligence. The Company sells various products that are designed for use at home. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding IRBT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for iRobot Co. (NASDAQ:IRBT). Receive News & Ratings for iRobot Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for iRobot Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ascendis Pharma A/S - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ascendis Pharma A/S with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Life Storage Inc Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.36 Per Share (LSI) Sanofi SA (SNY) Downgraded by Berenberg Bank Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND) Research Coverage Started at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mallinckrodt PLC’s Q2 2017 Earnings (MNK) Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) Downgraded by Bank of America Corp Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) Downgraded by Wunderlich Brokers Offer Predictions for Monroe Capital Corp’s Q2 2017 Earnings (MRCC) MRC Global Inc (MRC) Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for NutriSystem Inc. (NTRI) Issued By DA Davidson Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for InVitae Corp (NVTA) Lifted by Analyst Wolverine World Wide, Inc. (WWW) Announces Earnings Results Caesarstone Ltd (CSTE) Announces Earnings Results Dynagas LNG Partners (DLNG) Receiving Critical Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Dynatronics (DYNT) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.31 GasLog (GLOG) Getting Very Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Education Realty Trust (EDR) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Energy XXI Gulf Coast (EXXI) Stock Price Corinthian Colleges (COCO) Given Media Impact Score of 0.09 Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Buy Rating for Amber Road Inc (AMBR) Zions Bancorp (ZION) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 on May 25th Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND) Research Coverage Started at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S (NASDAQ:ASND) in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday, The Fly reports. The brokerage set an “overweight” rating on the biotechnology company’s stock. A number of other research analysts have also recently commented on ASND. Wedbush restated an “outperform” rating and set a $31.00 price target on shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Zacks Investment Research cut Ascendis Pharma A/S from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Credit Suisse Group AG began coverage on Ascendis Pharma A/S in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $28.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Leerink Swann cut Ascendis Pharma A/S from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $24.00 to $30.00 in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $29.00. Shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S (NASDAQ:ASND) opened at 27.69 on Thursday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $28.08 and a 200 day moving average price of $23.95. The stock’s market capitalization is $897.74 million. Ascendis Pharma A/S has a one year low of $11.92 and a one year high of $31.86. Ascendis Pharma A/S (NASDAQ:ASND) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, March 22nd. The biotechnology company reported ($0.55) EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.61) by $0.06. Ascendis Pharma A/S had a negative return on equity of 65.92% and a negative net margin of 1,158.57%. The company had revenue of $1.13 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.22 million. Equities analysts forecast that Ascendis Pharma A/S will post ($3.05) earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/ascendis-pharma-as-asnd-research-coverage-started-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Victory Capital Management Inc. bought a new stake in Ascendis Pharma A/S during the first quarter worth $144,000. Karp Capital Management Corp bought a new stake in Ascendis Pharma A/S during the first quarter worth $203,000. Highbridge Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in Ascendis Pharma A/S during the fourth quarter worth $405,000. Marshall Wace LLP bought a new stake in Ascendis Pharma A/S during the fourth quarter worth $1,772,000. Finally, Foresite Capital Management III LLC bought a new stake in Ascendis Pharma A/S during the fourth quarter worth $3,643,000. 44.51% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Ascendis Pharma A/S Company Profile Ascendis Pharma A/S is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in applying its TransCon technology to develop sustained release prodrug therapies with several product candidates in clinical and preclinical development. The Company is developing its product candidate, TransCon human growth hormone (TransCon hGH) for once-weekly administration to treat growth hormone deficiency (GHD) and other indications. Receive News & Ratings for Ascendis Pharma A/S Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ascendis Pharma A/S and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rotork plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rotork plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Flowserve Corp (FLS) AT&T Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (T) Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Yamana Gold Inc. (AUY) PT Raised to $4.00 Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Stake Raised by Middleton & Co Inc MA Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates Buy Rating for Universal Electronics Inc (UEIC) Madison Square Garden Co (MSG) Receives Hold Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Quotient Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Celgene Co. (CELG) Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. (HE) Shares Bought by Retirement Systems of Alabama State of Alaska Department of Revenue Has $190,000 Stake in Meredith Co. (MDP) Lederer & Associates Investment Counsel CA Sells 85 Shares of UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Celgene Co. (CELG) Position Maintained by Middleton & Co Inc MA State of Alaska Department of Revenue Has $192,000 Position in Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (SSD) Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Stake Lowered by Alta Capital Management LLC Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Sealed Air Corp (SEE) Decreased by Analyst 4imprint Group plc (FOUR) PT Raised to GBX 1,840 at Peel Hunt BBA Aviation plc (BBA) Cut to Neutral at Citigroup Inc Cello Group plc (CLL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Inter Pipeline Ltd (IPL) Issued By Cormark Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SNDX) Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Rotork p.l.c. (LON: ROR) recently received a number of ratings updates from brokerages and research firms: 5/4/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its price target lowered by analysts at Peel Hunt from GBX 265 ($3.43) to GBX 260 ($3.36). They now have an “add” rating on the stock. 5/3/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. 5/2/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 265 ($3.43) price target on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Numis Securities Ltd. They now have a GBX 245 ($3.17) price target on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. 4/25/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its “equal weight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. 4/18/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 4/6/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its price target raised by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc from GBX 225 ($2.91) to GBX 250 ($3.23). They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 4/5/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its price target lowered by analysts at Peel Hunt from GBX 285 ($3.69) to GBX 265 ($3.43). They now have an “add” rating on the stock. 4/4/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. was upgraded by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. to an “overweight” rating. They now have a GBX 265 ($3.43) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 230 ($2.97). 4/4/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a GBX 250 ($3.23) price target on the stock. 3/30/2017 – Rotork p.l.c. had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 250 ($3.23) price target on the stock. Shares of Rotork p.l.c. (LON:ROR) opened at 240.83 on Thursday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 2.09 billion. Rotork p.l.c. has a 52 week low of GBX 173.97 and a 52 week high of GBX 269.40. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 248.70 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 242.84. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a dividend of GBX 3.15 ($0.04) per share. This is a positive change from Rotork p.l.c.’s previous dividend of $1.95. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.28%. In other news, insider Stephen Rhys Jones sold 4,821 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, March 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 247 ($3.19), for a total transaction of £11,907.87 ($15,400.76). Rotork Plc is a United Kingdom-based actuator manufacturer and flow control company. The Company operates through four segments: Controls, Fluid Systems, Gears and Instruments. The Controls segment is engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of electric actuators. The Fluid Systems segment is engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of pneumatic and hydraulic actuators. Receive News & Ratings for Rotork plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rotork plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Election 2017 Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine The Agenda Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Food Month Sign in Register Benefits User policies News London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Joshua v Klitschko Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out London Food Month Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating The Agenda Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: Business Market report: Square Mile ignores threats in leaked Labour manifesto Jamie Nimmo Thursday 11 May 2017 11:45 BST Click to follow The Evening Standard Take it as red: Jeremy Corbyn’s leaked plans to renationalise utilities had a muted effect AFP/Getty Images One doesn’t imagine Jeremy Corbyn spends much time tracking the stock market. But if he did, the Labour leader could have been forgiven for thinking his plans to renationalise energy firms have shaken the City to its core today. But the share price slump at Centrica was not his handiwork: analysts at JPMorgan Cazenove were to blame as they hit the British Gas owner with a double downgrade, slashing their rating from Overweight to Underweight. Having already been hit by Theresa May’s price-cap pledge, the investment bank thinks it is best to avoid Centrica’s shares for now. “We see evidence of a price war emerging, with [French utility] Engie entering the residential supply market with heavily discounted residential tariffs,” JPMorgan said. “Having lost customers in the first quarter, Centrica has already been forced to respond with heavily discounted offers via its Sainsbury’s brand.”  Centrica also traded without the right to the latest dividend, which dragged the shares down further. They were 12p or 6% cheaper at 191.2p. Its rival, SSE, shrugged off talk of renationalisation in the leaked Labour manifesto, drifting down 12.5p, or 0.9%, to 1451.5p. The same could be said for Royal Mail — a penny lower at 419.4p — and National Grid, off 7.5p to 1032p. But, like Labour’s prospects on June 8, this was hardly the sort of thing to keep investors up at night. Strength from the miners helped the FTSE 100 into positive territory, up 1.38 points at 7386.62. Hikma Pharmaceuticals tumbled 156p, or 8%, to 1800p as it admitted its asthma treatment was unlikely to be approved this year after the US regulator had “major” issues with the application. Its FTSE 250 partner Vectura fell 13.1p to 131.8p, but GlaxoSmithKline, whose drug they are hoping to copy, rose 11p to 1617p despite going ex-dividend. Mothercare dropped 4.64p to 126.36p after chief financial officer Richard Smothers stepped down. Roofing firm SIG was steady, putting on 1.5p to 125.5p after a reassuring trading update. Flowgroup plunged 1.12p, or 36%, to 2p after confirming it was considering raising more than £20 million if it cannot sell its energy business. More about: Market report Business Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
Search Follow Us! StockTwits Twitter Toggle navigation ETF News Best ETFs Best ETF Categories Upgrades/Downgrades SMART Grades™ ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class ETF Newsletter Search JPMorgan Issues Bearish Warning For Midsize Banks May 11, 2017 6:10am NYSE:KBE ShareTweet From Brad Hoppmann: A deposit drain is coming. So, merge while you can. That’s the advice JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) has for regional banks, as reported this week in Bloomberg. The story outlines the investment bank’s prescription to smaller banks on how to survive what it sees as a crunch that’s coming in December. A crunch that’s coming thanks to the Fed’s bond-buying program. The Bloomberg piece cited a confidential presentation obtained by Bloomberg News, and subsequently confirmed by a JPMorgan spokesman. Here’s the thesis, pulled directly from the Bloomberg article: JPMorgan argues that some midsize U.S. banks — those with $50 billion in assets or less — could face a funding problem in coming years as the Fed goes about shrinking its massive balance sheet, according to the 19-page report the New York-based bank has begun sharing with clients. The Fed’s bond-buying spree from 2009 to 2014, dubbed quantitative easing, inadvertently left the industry flush with deposits. Investors took money they got selling mortgage-backed bonds and Treasury securities to the Fed and parked it in U.S. retail and commercial bank accounts. But now that the Fed has announced it would cease its bond-buying activity as part of the “normalization” of monetary policy, that could mean this deposit drain is heading toward midsize banks. After all, as the Bloomberg story goes on to explain, the Fed’s bond-buying created about $2.5 trillion in excess bank deposits.Now, if I were running a midsize bank, I know I would heed JPMorgan’s warning. JPMorgan now estimates that about 60%, or $1.5 trillion, of that money will likely come out of those regional banks in the next four to five years … particularly “if the Fed follows through with recent guidance and begins reversing quantitative easing in December.” So, how will this process work? JPMorgan explained the situation in their presentation titled, “Core Deposits Strike Back.” A clever title, I might add. The presentation, according to Bloomberg: … illustrates how this process will sap bank deposits using the example of a couple who pays off a mortgage that was bundled with other mortgages and sold to the Fed. Right now, when that couple takes that money out of their bank account for that payment, the Fed uses that cash to buy another mortgage bond, recycling it back into the banking system. A “deposit is destroyed” if the “Fed does not reinvest,” the presentation states. JPMorgan estimates that a quantitative easing-related deposit-drain could result in loan growth lagging deposit growth by $200 billion to $300 billion a year. It’s the conclusion here that should worry not only those who operate and/or work for regional banks, but also those investors who own regional bank stocks such as those in the SPDR S&P Bank ETF (KBE) and the SPDR S&P Regional Banking ETF (KRE). Interestingly, both of these bank Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) are down year-to-date. (KBE -1.1%, KRE -1.9%) However, over the past 12 months, both are up substantially. (KBE +37.9%, KRE +40.6%). Could the recent downtrend in regional bank stocks be signaling the looming deposit drain JPMorgan has warned about? While any deposit drain might be premature, it’s definitely something to consider if you plan on owning regional bank stocks for the long haul. It’s also something to consider if you own a regional bank that you hear might be looking to partner with another bank in the similar deposit-drain situation. As history has shown, mergers can be good for some stocks, and bad for others. So, choose your regionals wisely. The SPDR S&P Bank ETF (NYSE:KBE) was unchanged in premarket trading Thursday. Year-to-date, KBE has declined -1.08%, versus a 7.31% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. KBE currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of B (Buy), and is ranked #26 of 39 ETFs in the Financial Equities ETFs category. This article is brought to you courtesy of Uncommon Wisdom Daily. Tags: banks Equity federal reserve financial NYSE:KBE regional banks Categories: NYSE:KBE Read Next Bank-Focused ETFs Get A Bump From Hawkish Fed Commentary BlackRock: Regional Banks Looking Great Amid Trump’s Policy Promises Expect More Turmoil For Banks In The Near Term Financials Look Overextended As U.S. “Big Four” Banks Hit $1 Trillion Market Cap These Major Banks Are Poised To Benefit From Rising Rates Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Dow Jones Industrial Average Remains Weak Versus Nasdaq, S&P 500 Why Bitcoin Could Run Up To $2,000 This Year Here’s Why The Dow Jones Industrial Average Plunged This Week Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Credit Suisse Group AG Raises XPO Logistics Inc (XPO) Price Target to $66.00 Welbilt Inc (WBT) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Actinium Pharmaceuticals Inc (ATNM) Earns “Buy” Rating from HC Wainwright Centamin Plc (CELTF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Stock Traders Purchase High Volume of SM Energy Call Options (SM) Genesco Inc. (GCO) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co. Viad Corp (VVI) Position Cut by Capstone Asset Management Co. Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $460,000 Stake in H & R Block Inc (HRB) Capstone Asset Management Co. Purchases 710 Shares of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOX) Bank of Montreal Can Sells 30,490 Shares of Kansas City Southern (KSU) Bank of Montreal Can Has $2.801 Million Stake in Gibraltar Industries Inc (ROCK) Juno Therapeutics Inc (JUNO) Rating Reiterated by Wedbush WellCare Health Plans’ (WCG) “Market Perform” Rating Reiterated at Wolfe Research Tesla Inc (TSLA) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research MGP Ingredients Inc (MGPI) Lowered to “Neutral” at Sidoti Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Tyson Foods, Inc. Reduced by Jefferies Group (TSN) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Boosts Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 2,000 The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stake Reduced by Lynch & Associates IN Vista Capital Partners Inc. Sells 1,935 Shares of Intel Co. (INTC) Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (NYSE:VRX) (TSE:VRX)‘s stock had its “hold” rating restated by research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued on Tuesday. Other equities analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Deutsche Bank AG set a $20.00 price target on Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, January 21st. Wells Fargo & Co set a $11.00 price target on Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a report on Saturday, February 25th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $18.00 price target on Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, May 6th. Piper Jaffray Companies reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $10.00 price target on shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl in a report on Friday, April 14th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada cut their price target on Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl from $29.00 to $22.00 and set a “sector perform” rating for the company in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $23.26. Shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl (NYSE:VRX) opened at 12.68 on Tuesday. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl has a one year low of $8.31 and a one year high of $32.74. The stock’s market capitalization is $4.41 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $9.89 and a 200 day moving average price of $14.15. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl (NYSE:VRX) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The specialty pharmaceutical company reported $2.80 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.87 by $1.93. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl had a positive return on equity of 43.81% and a negative net margin of 22.17%. The company had revenue of $2.11 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.17 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted ($1.08) earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 11.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl will post $3.89 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/valeant-pharmaceuticals-intl-inc-vrx-rating-reiterated-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In related news, Director Schutter Richard U. De bought 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was bought at an average price of $10.80 per share, with a total value of $108,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 25,190 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $272,052. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Pershing Square Capital Manage sold 18,114,432 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.00, for a total value of $199,258,752.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders bought 3,034,000 shares of company stock valued at $32,825,280 in the last ninety days. Company insiders own 16.37% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of VRX. US Bancorp DE increased its position in shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl by 141.0% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 5,745 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $141,000 after buying an additional 3,361 shares in the last quarter. LeJeune Puetz Investment Counsel LLC acquired a new position in shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl during the fourth quarter worth approximately $123,000. Financial Architects Inc increased its position in shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl by 18.6% in the first quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 9,550 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $105,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares in the last quarter. Frontier Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl during the fourth quarter worth approximately $149,000. Finally, Brave Asset Management Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl during the first quarter worth approximately $119,000. 64.34% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Company Profile Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc is a pharmaceutical and medical device company. The Company is engaged in developing and marketing a range of branded, generic and branded generic pharmaceuticals, over-the-counter (OTC) products, and medical devices (contact lenses, intraocular lenses, ophthalmic surgical equipment, and aesthetics devices). Receive News & Ratings for Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 18 May 2017. 6pm 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 18 May 2017. 6pm 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Nishant Varma Christian Schmidt Huub Verschueren Mark A. Smith Helaine Kang Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home News Articles LON:CNA JPMorgan Cazenove puts the boot into British gas-owner Centrica with a double-downgrade Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 09:55 11 May 2017 The US broker has double-downgraded its rating for the FTSE 100-listed firm to ‘underweight’ from ‘overweight and chopped its target price to 180p from 265p In early morning trading, Centrica was the biggest blue chip faller, shedding 5.5%, or 11.2p to 192.0p JPMorgan Cazenove put the boot into British gas-owner Centrica PLC (LON:CNA), kicking the energy provider even as it was laid low by fears of political interference on pricing after the upcoming UK general election. The US broker has double-downgraded its rating for the FTSE 100-listed firm to ‘underweight’ from ‘overweight and chopped its target price to 180p from 265p. In early morning trading, Centrica was the biggest blue chip faller, shedding 5.5%, or 11.2p to 192.0p, reversing after a bounce back yesterday which followed falls in the previous session amid worries that Theresa May’s Conservatives could impose an energy price cap if re-elected next month. READ: Centrica and SSE shares tumble after Theresa May confirms proposed cap on energy bills In a note to clients, JPMorgan’s analysts said that despite the strength of Centrica’s UK supply operations, two issues have recently arisen that “deeply concern us.” Firstly, they noted significant downside emerging through price regulation of Centrica’s core ‘Standard Variable Tariff’ customer base. The analysts said: “Our initial view of the damage to EPS was negative, but manageable at -10% to -20%. “Yet our analysis of Ofgem’s regulated prepayment meter (PPM) tariffs – the main focus of this report – points to a deeper EPS erosion at up to -42%. Secondly, they added that they see evidence of a price war emerging, with incumbent generation owner ENGIE entering the residential supply market with heavily discounted residential tariffs. The analysts said: “Having lost customers in Q1 (at an annualised rate of 7.5%), CNA has already been forced to respond with heavily discounted offers via its Sainsbury’s brand.” The JPMorgan downgrade comes on the heels of other recent broker moves on the energy giant, with Macquarie cutting its stance to ‘hold’ last month, while Credit Suisse moved down to ‘neutral’ in February Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Jon Hopkins Register here to be notified of future CNA Company articles View full CNA profile Centrica Timeline Article Tue Centrica and SSE shares tumble after Theresa May confirms proposed cap on energy bills Article Mon British Gas owner Centrica says warmer weather and lower prices hurt results in year to date Article April 21 2017 Election uncertainty among factors leading Macquarie to downgrade British gas owner Centrica to 'hol Newswire March 15 2017 Centrica faces headwnds, Goldman says, though it should be able to resume dividend growth Newswire March 07 2017 Credit Suisse downgrade to 'neutral' knocks shares in British Gas-owner Centrica Article February 23 2017 'Tell Sid' that dividend rises depend on debt reduction for British gas-owner Centrica Article February 23 2017 British Gas-owner Centrica flags-up future dividend hike but investors disappointed by pegged payout Article February 03 2017 Npower's energy price hike makes mockery of Ofgem warning Article December 15 2016 British Gas owner Centrica expects to exceed 2016 targets helped by cost-cutting Article December 14 2016 Centrica feeling the heat as Deutsche downgrades View All Related Articles Jersey Oil & Gas looks forward to North Sea drilling and more deal making September 29 2016 Jersey continues to “work actively” on a number of opportunities in the UK, which it expects will lead to the acquisition of producing oil and gas assets in the near future. Active Energy to sell off Ukrainian WoodFibre business as it unveils new structure Mon The company said the reorganisation will allow it to focus more on its CoalSwitch and forestry management divisions Carnarvon Petroleum: Access latest PPT from Proactive's CEO Sessions February 03 2017 Adrian Cook discussed the company's 2017 exploration plan with investors. RSS Portfolio Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Help Only registered members can add into watchlist. Register or Log in Centrica View full company profile Centrica plc is an integrated energy company operating predominately in United Kingdom and North America. In the United Kingdom, it operates three segments: upstream, downstream and storage. Centrica plc is an integrated energy company operating predominately in United Kingdom and North America. In the United Kingdom, it operates three segments: upstream, downstream and storage. Hide text Market: LSE EPIC: CNA Market Cap: 10,556.70M Latest Price: 192.20p  (-5.41% ) 52-week H/L: 248.39p / 119.71p Sector: Energy Centrica 1day 1year Loading charts Loading charts Centrica RNS announcements 2017-05-09 Result of AGM2017-05-08 Trading Statement2017-05-04 Block listing Interim Review2017-05-03 Director/PDMR Shareholding2017-05-02 Total Voting Rights2017-04-25 Director/PDMR Shareholding2017-04-05 Director/PDMR Shareholding2017-04-04 Director Shareholding2017-04-03 Director Declaration2017-04-03 Total Voting Rights2017-03-27 Director/PDMR Shareholding2017-03-22 Annual Financial Report2017-03-03 Director/PDMR Shareholding2017-03-01 Total Voting Rights2017-02-27 Director/PDMR Shareholding2017-02-23 Directorate change2017-02-23 Final Results2017-02-10 British Gas extends its price freeze until August2017-02-03 Director/PDMR Shareholding2017-02-01 Total Voting Rights View all announcements Proactive Investors Recommended Madagascar Oil poised for catalysts as Tsimiroro advances 88 Energy is setting up for success as new Icewine drilling looms Lansdowne’s Barryroe stake worth much more than market value, broker says International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Royal Dutch Shell Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Dutch Shell Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals Inc (TTPH) Earns Buy Rating from BMO Capital Markets MKM Partners Reaffirms Neutral Rating for L Brands Inc (LB) IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) Receives Positive Rating from Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Smith & Nephew plc (SN) Earns “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Sage Group Unspon (SGPYY) to Buy Sanderson Farms, Inc. (SAFM) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) Given a GBX 2,600 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Elbit Systems Ltd (ESLT) Coverage Initiated at Chardan Capital BHP Billiton plc (BBL) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Athersys, Inc. (ATHX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Caladrius Biosciences Inc (CLBS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Semtech Co. (SMTC) Coverage Initiated at Robert W. Baird Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Bank of Montreal (BMO) to Sell Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (CCRN) to Sell Bouygues (BOUYY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research CSG Systems International, Inc. (CSGS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Cowen and Company Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascadian Therapeutics Inc (CASC) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for AmTrust Financial Services Inc Decreased by Analyst (AFSI) William Blair Brokers Reduce Earnings Estimates for AmTrust Financial Services Inc (AFSI) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AHT) Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) Given a GBX 2,600 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a GBX 2,600 ($33.63) target price on Royal Dutch Shell Plc (LON:RDSB) in a research report report published on Friday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. RDSB has been the subject of several other research reports. Morgan Stanley set a GBX 2,750 ($35.57) target price on Royal Dutch Shell Plc and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, April 24th. S&P Global set a GBX 2,400 ($31.04) target price on Royal Dutch Shell Plc and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Canaccord Genuity raised their target price on Royal Dutch Shell Plc from GBX 2,000 ($25.87) to GBX 2,050 ($26.51) and gave the stock a sell rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. HSBC Holdings plc reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 2,700 ($34.92) target price on shares of Royal Dutch Shell Plc in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 2,440 ($31.56) target price on shares of Royal Dutch Shell Plc in a research report on Friday, May 5th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and fifteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of GBX 2,465.28 ($31.88). Royal Dutch Shell Plc (LON:RDSB) opened at 2194.00 on Friday. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 178.92 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 2,153.30 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 2,206.16. Royal Dutch Shell Plc has a 1-year low of GBX 1,646.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 2,403.68. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/royal-dutch-shell-plc-rdsb-given-a-gbx-2600-price-target-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-analysts.html. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 26th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be issued a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 18th. This represents a yield of 1.77%. Royal Dutch Shell Plc Company Profile The Royal Dutch Shell plc explores for crude oil and natural gas around the world, both in conventional fields and from sources, such as tight rock, shale and coal formations. The Company’s segments include Integrated Gas, Upstream, Downstream and Corporate. The Integrated Gas segment is engaged in the liquefaction and transportation of gas and the conversion of natural gas to liquids to provide fuels and other products, as well as projects with an integrated activity, ranging from producing to commercializing gas. Receive News & Ratings for Royal Dutch Shell Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Dutch Shell Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Strathmore’s Who’s Who Honors David H. Deming as Lifetime VIP Club Member Strathmore’s Who’s Who Honors David H. Deming as Lifetime VIP Club Member David H. Deming, of New York, New York, has recently been recognized as a member of the Strathmore’s Who’s Who Lifetime VIP Club for his outstanding contributions and achievements in field of Financial Management. New York, NY, May 11, 2017 –(PR.com)– About David H. Deming David H. Deming is a Managing Partner with TAG Healthcare Advisors, LLC, which he founded in 2013. The company specializes in Advisory Services (Mergers, Acquisitions and Licensing), Capital Raising (Public and Private Placements of Equity/Debt) and investments. Mr. Deming has 30+ years in investment banking, 12 years of which were spent as the leader of JP Morgan’s Healthcare Investment Banking Group. His expertise is in general financial advice for pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device companies and service companies. Prior to his role as founder of TAG Healthcare Advisors, LLC, he was the CEO of a start–up pension management business, SmartNest, LLC. His association with JP Morgan Chase and JP Morgan lasted more than 27 years. There he conducted M&A across industries before joining the healthcare investment banking effort. Mr. Deming served as head of the global healthcare investment banking team for 12 years. Prior to his role with TAG Healthcare Advisors, some of Mr. Deming’s former client assignments were Johnson & Johnson, Baxter International, Gilead Sciences, Scios Pharmaceuticals, CV Therapeutics, Calgene Corporation, and Tenet Healthcare. He has also worked with some Japanese clients including Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Elsai Co., Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Co., and Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma. Mr. Deming was the Board Chair of Hobart & William Smith Colleges from 2005-12. In his leisure time, he enjoys sailing and skiing. www.alberleengroup.com About Strathmore’s Who’s Who Strathmore’s Who’s Who publishes an annual two thousand page hard cover biographical registry, honoring successful individuals in the fields of Business, the Arts and Sciences, Law, Engineering and Government. Based on one’s position and lifetime of accomplishments, we honor professional men and women in all academic areas and professions. Inclusion is limited to individuals who have demonstrated leadership and achievement in their occupation, industry or profession. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cystic Fibrosis Therapeutics H1 2017 Pipeline Guide Report Next PostNext Natural Language Processing in Healthcare Market by Technologies, Solutions, Services, Deployment Models and Forecast to 2021, by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Search Recent Posts Konstituering av Aktia Bank Abp:s förvaltningsråd 2017 Aktia Pankki Oyj:n hallintoneuvoston järjestäytyminen 2017 Global and Chinese Motherwort Herb Extract Industry 2017 to 2022 Organising of Aktia Bank plc’s Board of Supervisors 2017 Whitestone, NY Author Publishes Book on Lost Love RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Strathmore Who's Who Press Release Share      Blog Receive press releases from Strathmore Who's Who: By Email PDF Version RSS Feeds: Strathmores Whos Who Honors David H. Deming as Lifetime VIP Club Member David H. Deming, of New York, New York, has recently been recognized as a member of the Strathmores Whos Who Lifetime VIP Club for his outstanding contributions and achievements in field of Financial Management. New York, NY, May 11, 2017 --(PR.com)-- About David H. Deming David H. Deming is a Managing Partner with TAG Healthcare Advisors, LLC, which he founded in 2013. The company specializes in Advisory Services (Mergers, Acquisitions and Licensing), Capital Raising (Public and Private Placements of Equity/Debt) and investments. Mr. Deming has 30+ years in investment banking, 12 years of which were spent as the leader of JP Morgan’s Healthcare Investment Banking Group. His expertise is in general financial advice for pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device companies and service companies. Prior to his role as founder of TAG Healthcare Advisors, LLC, he was the CEO of a start–up pension management business, SmartNest, LLC. His association with JP Morgan Chase and JP Morgan lasted more than 27 years. There he conducted M&A across industries before joining the healthcare investment banking effort. Mr. Deming served as head of the global healthcare investment banking team for 12 years. Prior to his role with TAG Healthcare Advisors, some of Mr. Deming’s former client assignments were Johnson & Johnson, Baxter International, Gilead Sciences, Scios Pharmaceuticals, CV Therapeutics, Calgene Corporation, and Tenet Healthcare. He has also worked with some Japanese clients including Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Elsai Co., Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Co., and Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma. Mr. Deming was the Board Chair of Hobart & William Smith Colleges from 2005-12. In his leisure time, he enjoys sailing and skiing. www.alberleengroup.com About Strathmore’s Who’s Who Strathmore's Who's Who publishes an annual two thousand page hard cover biographical registry, honoring successful individuals in the fields of Business, the Arts and Sciences, Law, Engineering and Government. Based on one's position and lifetime of accomplishments, we honor professional men and women in all academic areas and professions. Inclusion is limited to individuals who have demonstrated leadership and achievement in their occupation, industry or profession. Contact Information Strathmore Who's Who Ann Marie Barone 516-997-2525 Contact www.strathmore-ltd.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Strathmore Who's Who Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Esperion Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esperion Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mitchells & Butlers plc (MAB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Peel Hunt Peel Hunt Reaffirms Add Rating for Rathbone Brothers plc (RAT) Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for BAE Systems plc (BA) AtriCure Inc. (ATRC) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Bankinter SA (BKNIY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Enerplus Corp (ERF) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research 1-800-Flowers.Com Inc (FLWS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research MFA Financial, Inc. (MFA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell ITT Inc. (ITT) Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.62 Per Share DA Davidson Comments on Louisiana-Pacific Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (LPX) Aegion Corp (AEGN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity Merus NV (MRUS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research LHC Group, Inc. (LHCG) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Quintiles IMS Holdings’ (Q) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Millicom International Cellular SA (MIICF) Downgraded to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc’s (HIK) “Reduce” Rating Reaffirmed at HSBC Holdings plc Amerisur Resources plc (AMER) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC Hologic, Inc. (HOLX) Short Interest Up 25.2% in April GlaxoSmithKline plc’s (GSK) Buy Rating Reiterated at Liberum Capital Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Esperion Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:ESPR) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report issued on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company. It focused on the research, development and commercialization of therapies for low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and other cardiometabolic risk factors. Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. is based in Plymouth, Michigan. “ Other equities analysts have also issued reports about the company. Citigroup Inc boosted their price target on Esperion Therapeutics to $77.00 in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price target on Esperion Therapeutics from $22.00 to $50.00 in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Needham & Company LLC set a $25.00 price target on Esperion Therapeutics and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, March 18th. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “hold” rating and set a $45.00 price target on shares of Esperion Therapeutics in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG upgraded Esperion Therapeutics from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $29.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, five have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $33.39. Esperion Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ESPR) opened at 35.62 on Tuesday. Esperion Therapeutics has a 12-month low of $9.40 and a 12-month high of $48.21. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $37.11 and its 200-day moving average price is $21.39. The company’s market cap is $804.66 million. Esperion Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ESPR) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.80) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($1.44) by $0.36. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted ($0.65) earnings per share. Analysts expect that Esperion Therapeutics will post ($6.54) EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/esperion-therapeutics-inc-espr-rating-increased-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other Esperion Therapeutics news, Director Dov A. Md Goldstein sold 800,000 shares of Esperion Therapeutics stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $41.66, for a total transaction of $33,328,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Gilbert S. Omenn acquired 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 21st. The shares were bought at an average cost of $42.26 per share, for a total transaction of $42,260.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the director now directly owns 10,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $422,600. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 35.40% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Esperion Therapeutics by 27.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 181,400 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $2,512,000 after buying an additional 39,239 shares during the last quarter. Advisor Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Esperion Therapeutics by 0.6% in the third quarter. Advisor Group Inc. now owns 14,437 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $200,000 after buying an additional 85 shares during the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its position in shares of Esperion Therapeutics by 54.9% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 40,220 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $504,000 after buying an additional 14,257 shares during the last quarter. Pinnacle Associates Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Esperion Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,458,000. Finally, Keybank National Association OH acquired a new position in shares of Esperion Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $159,000. 64.65% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Esperion Therapeutics Esperion Therapeutics, Inc is a lipid management company. The Company is a late-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing once-daily, oral therapies for the treatment of patients with elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). With a targeted mechanism of action, bempedoic acid, the Company’s lead product candidate, is an orally available, once-daily adenosine triphosphate (ATP)-citrate lyase (ACL) inhibitor that reduces cholesterol biosynthesis and lowers elevated levels of LDL-C by up-regulating the LDL receptor, but with reduced potential for muscle-related side effects. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Esperion Therapeutics (ESPR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Esperion Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esperion Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |     Search New-look newsletter Sign up for Fin24's newsletter for all the freshest news to start your day. SA ripe for snap election It's time to arrest the belief that solutions can come only from the ANC, says Solly Moeng. Macron and free markets France is on a journey whose destination is still in question, says Mohamed A El-Erian. Home Companies Advertising Agribusiness Financial Services Health ICT Industrial Investment Holdings Mining Property Retail Travel & Leisure Markets Markets News Sens Commodities Currencies Equities News International Economy Budget 2017 South Africa Eskom Africa World Labour Tech News Companies Mobile Opinion Multimedia Personal Finance Debt Insurance Medical Aid Money Clinic Money management Property Retirement Savings & Investments Tax Entrepreneurs Ask the experts Entrepreneur profiles Franchising Getting started MyBusiness News Opinion & Analysis Tips & Tools Opinion Columnists MyFin24 Finweek ZAR/AUD 9,86 (-0.14%) ZAR/EUR 14,51 (0.00%) ZAR/GBP 17,2 (-0.12%) ZAR/JPY 0,12 (-0.09%) ZAR/USD 13,35 (0.06%) GOLD 1228,05 (0.25%) OIL 50,94 (0.33%) PALLADIUM 807 (0.62%) PLATINUM 925 (1.04%) SILVER 16,44 (0.98%) FTSE/JSE All Share 54114 (-0.26%) FTSE/JSE Financial 15 15007,34 (-0.57%) FTSE/JSE Industrial 25 73751,21 (-0.07%) FTSE/JSE Resource 10 31963,75 (-0.65%) FTSE/JSE Top 40 47488,45 (-0.31%) CAC 40 5383,42 (0.00%) NIKKEI 225 19883,9 (-0.39%) All data is delayed Loading... See More We’re currently experiencing serious technical problems on the site, and as a result are unable to update the news – even though our market data is running as per normal. We sincerely apologise for any inconvenience caused and hope to be up and running again this evening. Thank you for your patience in this regard. – David McKay (editor) & team Wall Street goes sour on rand as JPMorgan cites rising risks May 11 2017 07:46 Paul Wallace, Bloomberg Related Articles Rally in gold stocks boosts JSE Rand falls on poor Chinese trade data and euro optimism ‘Colluding’ banks say charges are vague Positive end to the week for the JSE What rand, inflation could do rest of the year JSE rallies as weak rand boosts Resources index   Lagos - Wall Street bears are stalking the rand. As South African political risks mount and commodity prices retreat, banks from JPMorgan Chase to Morgan Stanley and Bank of America are telling clients to short the rand against other major emerging-market currencies, including Turkey’s lira and Mexico’s peso. They’re predicting the selloff that began in late March when President Jacob Zuma sacked his Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan is about to repeat itself. Only this time the trigger may come if Zuma survives a possible parliamentary vote of no confidence and his former wife, Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, is named head of the ruling African National Congress in December. “It’ll be difficult for the rand to regain the bullish momentum that dominated throughout the second half of 2016 and earlier this year,” said Piotr Matys, a currency strategist at Rabobank in London who sees the currency weakening beyond R14 per dollar in the next few months. “The rally is more than likely over.” The currency is down from the beginning of the week, trading at R13.52 to the dollar at 07:40. Until the end of March, the rand was the biggest beneficiary of an emerging-market rally partly fuelled by speculation that the US Federal Reserve would enact a slower pace of interest-rate increases. The currency at one point gained as much as 12% in 2017, the most in the world, to trade at its strongest level since 2015. And until the week before Gordhan was fired on March 30, the dollar-rand carry trade handed investors the highest returns among developing nations this year. Gordhan’s dismissal, though, was a reminder of the risks brewing in Africa’s most industrialised nation. It sparked a slide in the rand that trimmed its advance this year to 1.9%. And as the currency retreated, Fitch Ratings and S&P Global Ratings cut South Africa’s debt to junk. Moody’s Investors Service put the nation on review for downgrade last month. Adding to the negative backdrop is the slide in prices for metals and other commodities that account for more than one-third of South Africa’s export revenue. An index of raw materials dropped this week to the lowest level in a year. Not attractive The rand is “uncompelling at current levels given risks of further political noise in the months ahead and a pending Moody’s rating review, and headwinds from falling iron ore prices,” JPMorgan London-based analysts Saad Siddiqui and Michael Harrison said in a note May 5. “We have been shifting our portfolio by rotating out of long positions in commodity currencies, preferring commodity importers.” JPMorgan said clients should target a level of R3.9 versus the Turkish lira. BofA recommended last month buying the lira when it traded at R3.64 and targeting a 12% gain to R4.1. So far, the trade would have made investors about 3%. Not everyone is convinced the rand’s heading for losses. Pacific Investment Management says it’s “no longer so fragile” given South Africa’s reduced current account deficit, which it mostly funds through portfolio inflows. Rand versus peso Morgan Stanley prefers shorting the rand against the Mexican peso, which has risen since January as President Donald Trump’s administration tones down talk of scrapping the North American Free Trade Agreement. Canceling NAFTA would be a blow to the peso, because Mexico’s total trade with the US. is about double the value of its exports and imports with other countries, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Morgan Stanley recommends targeting a move to R1.33 peso against the rand from R1.41. The New York-based lender is also bearish on South Africa’s benchmark local-currency government bonds due in December 2026 and expects the rand to head toward R15.4 per dollar by the end of 2017. It assumes Dlamini-Zuma will succeed Zuma as ANC leader this year, defeating Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, most investors’ preferred choice. That would mean a “continuation of current policy drift,” it said in a May 4 note. “Investors remain too optimistic about South Africa’s fundamentals and politics,” Min Dai, a Morgan Stanley fixed-income strategist, said in the note. “In the first three months of the year, investors had good reason to be bullish on South Africa. However, recent political uncertainty has led to a worsening macro outlook.” WHAT TO READ NEXT {{item.title}} Read more about:    rand  |  dollar  |  currencies NEXT ON FIN24X Rally in gold stocks boosts JSE 2017-05-10 18:37 Share this page Yahoo! Google Digg del.icio.us Facebook Tweet         Most ReadEditor's Choice Moeletsi Mbeki: The ANC has run its course REVEALED: The life insurance companies with the most complaints BREAKING: Molefe will return to Eskom as CEO I’m not fleeing SA, says Whitey about selling off R1.8bn in shares Wall Street goes sour on rand as JPMorgan cites rising risks ANC transformation plan vague on strategies to boost economy - Soko Transformation at top level not enough - Busa Glimmer of hope as SA economy shows signs of upswing What Africa’s CEOs are most worried about Zuma: I reshuffled my Cabinet to make room for young people Company Snapshot We're talking about... New era looms for National Treasury   Related links: Time for new era of leadership at Treasury, says retiring Donaldson Fuzile believes Treasury can survive political meddling No policy shift at National Treasury, says Fuzile Get the latest with Fin24 Tech Xenophobia, hate speech thrive unchecked in online games 2017-05-11 10:36 Spend enough time hunting terrorists in online games and you’re bound to come across players hurling xenophobic and racist taunts at each other. Snap tumbles after trailing estimates for new users Nedbank restores online banking after IT glitches SA's 'Gumtree for gamers' sees massive growth More Tech Home| Multimedia| News Follow Fin24 Money Clinic Paid most debts, yet rejected for car finance - why? Problem with debit order for roadside assistance Looking for good vehicle finance advice Leaving job due to illness How to submit an enquiry for unclaimed retirement funds Do you have a question about your finances? We'll get an expert opinion. Click here... Voting Booth President Jacob Zuma's decision to sign the Fica Bill into law: Is long overdue Will make it difficult for politically influential people to do business I don't know Is long overdue 65% 347 votes 65 Will make it difficult for politically influential people to do business 17% 91 votes 17 I don't know 18% 93 votes 18 Previous results · Suggest a vote Services Money Clinic Get your financial questions answered. RSS Feeds News delivered really simply. Calculators Easy-to-use personal finance tools. Newsletters You choose what you want. Contact us Lost? Confused? Problems? Let us help you. Data supplied by: RSS feeds  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Advertise on Fin24  |  About us  |  Contact us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HSN Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HSN Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Molina Healthcare, Inc. (MOH) Stake Reduced by Scout Investments Inc. 293,861 Shares in Lazard Ltd (LAZ) Acquired by Scout Investments Inc. Take Two Interactive Software Inc (TTWO) Position Increased by Scout Investments Inc. Stag Industrial Inc (STAG) Shares Bought by Eagle Boston Investment Management Inc. Eagle Boston Investment Management Inc. Has $7.011 Million Position in Aspen Technology, Inc. (AZPN) Eagle Asset Management Inc. Purchases 165,998 Shares of HSN, Inc. (HSNI) Eagle Asset Management Inc. Sells 13,211 Shares of Woodward Inc (WWD) HMS Holdings Corp (HMSY) Position Cut by Eagle Asset Management Inc. Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (PBH) Stake Increased by Eagle Boston Investment Management Inc. Eagle Boston Investment Management Inc. Has $8.287 Million Position in Bottomline Technologies (EPAY) TESARO Inc (TSRO) Position Reduced by Eagle Asset Management Inc. New Relic Inc (NEWR) Insider Sells $874,800.00 in Stock AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Insider Matthew H. Birenbaum Sells 2,750 Shares Christine King Sells 7,000 Shares of Cirrus Logic, Inc. (CRUS) Stock Ascent Capital Group Inc (ASCMA) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS A-Mark Precious Metals Inc (AMRK) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.09 EPS Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results $0.66 Earnings Per Share Expected for Calavo Growers, Inc. (CVGW) This Quarter $735.52 Million in Sales Expected for Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) This Quarter -$0.48 EPS Expected for Bristow Group Inc (BRS) This Quarter Eagle Asset Management Inc. Purchases 165,998 Shares of HSN, Inc. (HSNI) May 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Eagle Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of HSN, Inc. (NASDAQ:HSNI) by 13.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 1,438,584 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock after buying an additional 165,998 shares during the period. Eagle Asset Management Inc. owned about 2.75% of HSN worth $53,371,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Bank of Montreal Can raised its position in shares of HSN by 10.3% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 50,580 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $2,013,000 after buying an additional 4,720 shares in the last quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. raised its position in shares of HSN by 4.0% in the third quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. now owns 9,000 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $358,000 after buying an additional 350 shares in the last quarter. DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp raised its position in shares of HSN by 57.8% in the third quarter. DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp now owns 127,564 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $5,077,000 after buying an additional 46,727 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of HSN by 27.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 28,125 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $1,119,000 after buying an additional 5,976 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Inc. raised its position in shares of HSN by 6.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 14,050 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $559,000 after buying an additional 825 shares in the last quarter. 61.30% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of HSN, Inc. (NASDAQ:HSNI) traded down 0.13% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $37.00. The stock had a trading volume of 355,721 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $36.53 and a 200 day moving average price of $36.37. HSN, Inc. has a 12 month low of $30.75 and a 12 month high of $54.03. The company has a market cap of $1.94 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.54 and a beta of 1.13. HSN (NASDAQ:HSNI) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The specialty retailer reported $0.40 EPS for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.40. The firm had revenue of $785.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $785.22 million. HSN had a return on equity of 100.35% and a net margin of 3.76%. HSN’s revenue for the quarter was down 3.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.54 earnings per share. Equities analysts expect that HSN, Inc. will post $2.43 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, June 21st. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, June 7th will be given a dividend of $0.35 per share. The ex-dividend date is Monday, June 5th. This represents a $1.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.78%. HSN’s dividend payout ratio is currently 55.12%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Eagle Asset Management Inc. Purchases 165,998 Shares of HSN, Inc. (HSNI)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/10/eagle-asset-management-inc-purchases-165998-shares-of-hsn-inc-hsni.html. Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded HSN from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Wunderlich restated a “buy” rating and set a $42.00 price target on shares of HSN in a report on Saturday, January 14th. Craig Hallum set a $45.00 price target on HSN and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Aegis assumed coverage on HSN in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. They set a “hold” rating and a $41.00 price target for the company. Finally, Maxim Group set a $46.00 price target on HSN and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. HSN has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $45.13. About HSN HSN, Inc is an interactive multi-channel retailer. The Company markets and sells a range of third party and merchandise directly to consumers through various platforms, including television home shopping programing broadcast on the HSN television networks and other direct-response television marketing; catalogs, consisting of the Cornerstone portfolio of print catalogs, which includes, Ballard Designs, Frontgate, Garnet Hill, Grandin Road and Improvements; Websites, which consist primarily of HSN.com, joymangano.com and the five branded Websites operated by Cornerstone; mobile devices; retail and outlet stores, and wholesale distribution of certain products to other retailers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HSNI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for HSN, Inc. (NASDAQ:HSNI). Receive News & Ratings for HSN Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HSN Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cubic Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cubic Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News First Midwest Bancorp Inc (FMBI) Shares Sold by Pzena Investment Management LLC Wesco Aircraft Holdings Inc (WAIR) Shares Bought by Pzena Investment Management LLC Ameriprise Financial Inc. Purchases 3,481,430 Shares of Oclaro, Inc. (OCLR) Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Shares Bought by Pzena Investment Management LLC Ameriprise Financial Inc. Has $72.332 Million Stake in FactSet Research Systems Inc. (FDS) Pzena Investment Management LLC Has $48.499 Million Position in Cubic Co. (CUB) Legg Mason Inc (LM) Stake Maintained by Pzena Investment Management LLC Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Stake Maintained by Pzena Investment Management LLC Ameriprise Financial Inc. Raises Position in Finisar Co. (FNSR) Pzena Investment Management LLC Has $9,266,000 Stake in CDW Corp (CDW) Triple-S Management Corp. (GTS) Position Lowered by Pzena Investment Management LLC Insider Selling: Rockwell Automation (ROK) Director Sells 20,000 Shares of Stock Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Shares Sold by Ameriprise Financial Inc. American Public Education, Inc. (APEI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Expectations Delaware L.P. Sw Sells 19,452,063 Shares of SeaWorld Entertainment Inc (SEAS) Stock Turtle Beach Corp (HEAR) Announces Earnings Results Coyle Financial Counsel LLC Invests $2.314 Million in Dycom Industries, Inc. (DY) Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) Shares Bought by Boston Family Office LLC Wabash National Co. (WNC) Position Cut by Olstein Capital Management L.P. Mraz Amerine & Associates Inc. Decreases Position in Hallador Energy Co (HNRG) Pzena Investment Management LLC Has $48.499 Million Position in Cubic Co. (CUB) May 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Pzena Investment Management LLC lowered its stake in shares of Cubic Co. (NYSE:CUB) by 2.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 918,538 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock after selling 22,547 shares during the period. Pzena Investment Management LLC owned 3.39% of Cubic worth $48,499,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can boosted its stake in shares of Cubic by 13.6% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 361,004 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $16,928,000 after buying an additional 43,291 shares in the last quarter. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust boosted its stake in shares of Cubic by 2.0% in the third quarter. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust now owns 7,692 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $360,000 after buying an additional 151 shares in the last quarter. Suffolk Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Cubic during the third quarter valued at $1,351,000. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Cubic by 17.4% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 10,099 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $473,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Cubic by 292.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 20,189 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $946,000 after buying an additional 15,046 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 90.32% of the company’s stock. Cubic Co. (NYSE:CUB) traded up 0.11% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $46.85. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 267,513 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average is $51.49 and its 200 day moving average is $49.10. Cubic Co. has a 12-month low of $37.24 and a 12-month high of $55.65. The firm’s market cap is $1.27 billion. Cubic (NYSE:CUB) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 8th. The scientific and technical instruments company reported $0.02 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.08 by $0.06. The firm had revenue of $343.71 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $365.04 million. Cubic had a return on equity of 0.61% and a net margin of 0.29%. Cubic’s revenue for the quarter was down 6.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.38 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that Cubic Co. will post $0.53 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Pzena Investment Management LLC Has $48.499 Million Position in Cubic Co. (CUB)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/10/pzena-investment-management-llc-has-48-499-million-position-in-cubic-co-cub.html. Several equities research analysts recently weighed in on CUB shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Cubic from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Needham & Company LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $55.00 target price (up from $48.00) on shares of Cubic in a report on Friday, February 10th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $54.00. About Cubic Cubic Corporation (Cubic) designs, integrates and operates systems, products and services that provide situational awareness for its customers in the transportation and defense industries. The Company operates in three business segments across the global transportation and defense markets, which include Cubic Transportation Systems (CTS), Cubic Global Defense (CGD) and Cubic Global Defense Services (CGD Services). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CUB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cubic Co. (NYSE:CUB). Receive News & Ratings for Cubic Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cubic Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ply Gem Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ply Gem Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News First Midwest Bancorp Inc (FMBI) Shares Sold by Pzena Investment Management LLC Wesco Aircraft Holdings Inc (WAIR) Shares Bought by Pzena Investment Management LLC Ameriprise Financial Inc. Purchases 3,481,430 Shares of Oclaro, Inc. (OCLR) Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Shares Bought by Pzena Investment Management LLC Ameriprise Financial Inc. Has $72.332 Million Stake in FactSet Research Systems Inc. (FDS) Pzena Investment Management LLC Has $48.499 Million Position in Cubic Co. (CUB) Legg Mason Inc (LM) Stake Maintained by Pzena Investment Management LLC Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Stake Maintained by Pzena Investment Management LLC Ameriprise Financial Inc. Raises Position in Finisar Co. (FNSR) Pzena Investment Management LLC Has $9,266,000 Stake in CDW Corp (CDW) Triple-S Management Corp. (GTS) Position Lowered by Pzena Investment Management LLC Insider Selling: Rockwell Automation (ROK) Director Sells 20,000 Shares of Stock Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Shares Sold by Ameriprise Financial Inc. American Public Education, Inc. (APEI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Expectations Delaware L.P. Sw Sells 19,452,063 Shares of SeaWorld Entertainment Inc (SEAS) Stock Turtle Beach Corp (HEAR) Announces Earnings Results Coyle Financial Counsel LLC Invests $2.314 Million in Dycom Industries, Inc. (DY) Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) Shares Bought by Boston Family Office LLC Wabash National Co. (WNC) Position Cut by Olstein Capital Management L.P. Mraz Amerine & Associates Inc. Decreases Position in Hallador Energy Co (HNRG) Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Shares Bought by Pzena Investment Management LLC May 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Pzena Investment Management LLC increased its stake in Ply Gem Holdings Inc (NYSE:PGEM) by 427.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 947,914 shares of the construction company’s stock after buying an additional 768,177 shares during the period. Pzena Investment Management LLC owned 1.39% of Ply Gem Holdings worth $18,674,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in PGEM. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of Ply Gem Holdings by 4.8% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 8,588 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $115,000 after buying an additional 393 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in Ply Gem Holdings during the fourth quarter worth approximately $380,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Ply Gem Holdings by 6.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 196,425 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $2,624,000 after buying an additional 12,574 shares in the last quarter. Zebra Capital Management LLC raised its position in Ply Gem Holdings by 76.7% in the fourth quarter. Zebra Capital Management LLC now owns 70,927 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $1,153,000 after buying an additional 30,781 shares in the last quarter. Finally, James Investment Research Inc. acquired a new position in Ply Gem Holdings during the first quarter worth approximately $2,143,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 29.65% of the company’s stock. Shares of Ply Gem Holdings Inc (NYSE:PGEM) traded up 1.40% on Wednesday, hitting $18.05. 184,482 shares of the stock were exchanged. The firm has a market cap of $1.23 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.47 and a beta of 2.56. Ply Gem Holdings Inc has a one year low of $12.85 and a one year high of $20.00. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $19.03 and its 200 day moving average price is $16.93. Ply Gem Holdings (NYSE:PGEM) last announced its earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The construction company reported ($0.04) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.05) by $0.01. Ply Gem Holdings had a net margin of 4.14% and a negative return on equity of 147.73%. The business had revenue of $430 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $420.11 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted ($0.20) earnings per share. Ply Gem Holdings’s revenue was up 5.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts anticipate that Ply Gem Holdings Inc will post $1.25 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Shares Bought by Pzena Investment Management LLC” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/10/ply-gem-holdings-inc-pgem-shares-bought-by-pzena-investment-management-llc.html. A number of research analysts have commented on PGEM shares. TheStreet upgraded shares of Ply Gem Holdings from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Zelman & Associates upgraded shares of Ply Gem Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Ply Gem Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Stephens lowered shares of Ply Gem Holdings from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada lifted their price objective on shares of Ply Gem Holdings from $19.00 to $21.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday, March 13th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $18.30. About Ply Gem Holdings Ply Gem Holdings, Inc is a manufacturer of exterior building products in North America. The Company operates through two segments: Siding, Fencing, and Stone, and Windows and Doors. In the Siding, Fencing, and Stone segment, its principal products include vinyl siding and skirting, vinyl and aluminum soffit, aluminum trim coil, cellular PVC trim and moldings, J-channels, wide crown molding, window and door trim, F-channels, H-molds, fascia, undersill trims, outside/inside corner posts, rain removal systems, injection molded designer accents, such as shakes, shingles, scallops, shutters, vents and mounts, vinyl fence, vinyl railing and stone veneer in the United States and Canada. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PGEM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (NYSE:PGEM). Receive News & Ratings for Ply Gem Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ply Gem Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Login Learn more about Thomson Reuters Foundation Sign up for our Newsletter Home Women's Rights Climate Trafficking Property Rights Humanitarian Food Videos Search Snap shares plummet as investors mark down first earnings report by Reuters Thursday, 11 May 2017 01:21 GMT Share: Newsletter sign up: Most Popular US state could become first to enact blanket ban on child marriage People, not politicians key to fighting climate change - Obama Haitian activists urge U.S. not to deport quake refugees "When the cat catches the sun": Translated forecasts aim to aid Africa's farmers As droughts worsen, phones and radios lead way to water for Niger's herders (Corrects JPMorgan expectation of user growth in paragraph 8) By Anya George Tharakan and David Ingram May 10 (Reuters) - Snap Inc shares plunged on Wednesday after the owner of Snapchat reported slowing user growth and revenue in its first earnings report as a public company, missing some of Wall Street's estimates as it competes with copycat messaging apps. Its shares tumbled 23 percent in after-hours trading to wipe some $6 billion from Snap's market value, a humbling reversal for the company after its red-hot March initial public offering, which was the biggest for a U.S. tech company since Facebook Inc in 2012. The stock fell to $17.66, only just above its IPO price of $17. Some investors were hoping Snap would surprise them with big numbers in its first quarterly report, BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield said. "The fact that they failed to live up to expectations, let alone exceed them, disappointed people," he said. The performance echoed slides in Facebook and Twitter after they posted debut scorecards following their IPOs. Twitter shares cratered 24 percent the next day, while Facebook's tumbled 11 percent, still the biggest-ever one-day losses for both. Snap said its daily active users (DAUs) rose 36.1 percent to 166 million in the first quarter from a year earlier, marking a slowdown from the 47.7 percent rise for the fourth quarter and 62.8 percent jump for the third quarter that the company reported in its IPO filing. The slowing rate of growth was in line with an estimate from JPMorgan, which accurately expected 166 million DAUs for the first quarter. Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co Inc had pegged them even higher at 173 million. Snap's March IPO priced above the company's target range as investors put aside concerns about a lack of profits and voting rights to get a piece of the action. The IPO raised $3.4 billion and gave the company a market valuation of roughly $24 billion, and shares surged 44 percent in their first day of trading. Facebook, which made a $3 billion bid for Snapchat in 2013, has upped the ante by offering camera-related features similar to Snap on its platforms, including Instagram and WhatsApp. The company said in April that Instagram Stories alone had reached 200 million daily active users. Snap Chief Executive Evan Spiegel, who received a stock-based bonus worth nearly $600 million for taking the company public, shrugged off imitations when asked about Facebook by an analyst on a conference call to discuss earnings. "If you want to be a creative company, you've got to get comfortable with and enjoy the fact that people are going to copy your product if you make great stuff," he said. Making a comparison to the search industry, Spiegel added: "Just because Yahoo has a search box doesn't mean they're Google." Snapchat's growth was faster than Facebook, however, which said its overall daily user base grew 18 percent year-over-year in the first quarter, as well as Twitter, which reported growth of 14 percent in DAUs from a year earlier. REVENUE DISAPPOINTMENT Snap's revenue jumped nearly four-fold year-over-year to $149.6 million but fell short of the average analyst forecast of $158 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue was also down from the fourth quarter of 2016, a seasonally stronger period for ad sales, when it was $166 million. Revenue was "a relatively disappointing number," Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser said. "To their credit," he added, "they did guide towards a number that would be lower, which it was." Average revenue per user was 90 cents in the first quarter, Snap said, up from 33 cents the same quarter a year earlier but below the $1.05 per user in the fourth quarter of 2016. Snap's net loss widened to $2.21 billion, or $2.31 per share, in the first quarter, from $104.6 million, or 14 cents per share, due to stock-based compensation related to the IPO. Although the figure of $2 billion in total stock-based compensation was known ahead of time, investors were surprised to see all of it show up in a single quarter rather than spread out over time, said Eric Kim, managing partner at Goodwater Capital. "It is an eye-popping number for sure," he said. Snapchat launched in 2012 as a mobile app that allows users to send photos, known as snaps, that vanish within seconds. The company rebranded as Snap Inc last year, and moved into the hardware space with Spectacles, its colorful sunglasses that record short videos to post on Snapchat. Users created more than 3 billion snaps daily on average during the first quarter, up from more than 2.5 billion during the third quarter of 2016, the company said. Snap receives some revenue from branded or sponsored filters and lenses, but depends on advertising dollars for the bulk of its overall revenue. Digital marketing firm eMarketer in March had trimmed its 2017 U.S. advertising revenue forecast for Snap by $30 million to $770 million, citing higher-than-expected revenue sharing with the company's partners. The total U.S. digital advertising market is meanwhile expected to reach $83 billion, according to eMarketer, up nearly 16 percent from last year. (Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru and David Ingram in San Francisco; Additional reporting by Angela Moon in New York; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Bill Rigby) Share Tweet Share Email EXPLORE MORE NEWS Original Migrants fleeing Central America face near-certain violence, charity says Original Sex trafficking, child marriages linked, study of Mexico finds Original US governor rejects measure to ban child marriage Russia detains activists delivering petition on Chechnya gay rights About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of almost 40 journalists and 100 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Copyright © 2017 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) Latest News Migrants fleeing Central America face near-certain violence, charity says Sex trafficking, child marriages linked, study of Mexico finds US governor rejects measure to ban child marriage Parents, campaigners cheer planned return to school of 24 Chibok girls in Nigeria Coffee flour, beer pizza on menu as innovators fight food waste India's top court reviews Islam's instant "triple talaq" divorce Total oil says Brazil drilling poses no risk to rare Amazon reef Cities urged to 'embrace new reality' of mass migration In crackdown, Malawi jails 35 illegal loggers seized in national park FACTBOX -Security fears, drought and famine plague Somalia Join Us
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Global Economy Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Money being driven into higher-yielding emerging markets – but have they peaked in value?  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Global Economy COMMENTARY Macroscope by Nicholas Spiro Money being driven into higher-yielding emerging markets – but have they peaked in value? Developing economies are being bolstered by a remarkable calm in global markets. The Vix index, Wall St’s so-called ‘fear gauge’ has fallen to its lowest level since December 1993 PUBLISHED : Thursday, 11 May, 2017, 8:33am UPDATED : Thursday, 11 May, 2017, 10:36pm Comments:   Nicholas Spiro Share PrintEmail Related topics Macroscope Investing Related Articles Global Economy With financial curbs in full swing, risks need be managed 10 May 2017 Global Economy US workforce seems on a roll but the wider economy labouring 9 May 2017 Global Economy Macron toasts win, but hefty fiscal pressures still weigh on Europe 8 May 2017 Jeffrey Gundlach, an influential bond investor, has proved prescient in his predictions of late. Exactly a year ago, the head of DoubleLine Capital told attendees at the annual Sohn Investment Conference in New York, the premier event for the hedge fund industry, that they should prepare for a Donald Trump presidency. Last month, Gundlach warned that the so-called “reflation trade” – a repositioning of investors’ portfolios based on expectations of faster growth and inflation – would continue to lose momentum as the US economy slows. Disappointing first-quarter gross domestic product data and a marked decline in inflation expectations suggest he may once again be proved right. Over the past year emerging-market equities have risen a whopping 24pc rise in US dollar terms, while, net inflows into emerging-market bond and equity funds this year have surged to nearly US$60b, exceeding the US$44b for the whole of 2016 Gundlach’s latest recommendation, presented on Monday at this year’s Sohn conference, is to buy a popular emerging-market exchange-traded fund – index-tracking funds that can be traded on exchanges just like a stock – called the iShares Emerging Markets ETF, which has already returned 15 per cent this year. Yet what is striking is that he is taking a bullish bet on emerging markets – Gundlach also advises investors to buy the debt of developing economies – while also anticipating a further fall in oil prices, usually a reason to steer clear from the asset class. Gundlach’s evident enthusiasm for emerging markets in the face of significant risks confronting developing nations – the uncertain fallout from China’s efforts to tame its credit boom, the strain that the clampdown is already exerting on commodity markets and, just as importantly, the threats posed by both US trade and monetary policy – is indicative of both the resilience of the asset class and the appeal of higher-yielding assets in what is likely to remain a low-interest-rate environment for a considerable period of time. Over the past year, which has seen Britain vote to leave the European Union and Trump elected US president, emerging-market equities have risen a whopping 24 per cent rise in US dollar terms. Meanwhile, net inflows into emerging-market bond and equity funds since the start of this year have surged to nearly US$60 billion, exceeding the US$44 billion for the whole of 2016, according to JPMorgan. Moreover, the average yield on JPMorgan’s benchmark index of local-currency emerging-market bonds currently stands at nearly 6.5 per cent, compared with a 10-year US Treasury yield of 2.4 per cent and equivalent borrowing costs in Japan and Germany that are barely in positive territory. Make no mistake, money is being driven to higher-yielding emerging markets. Sentiment towards developing economies is being bolstered by the remarkable calm in global markets. On Monday, the Vix index, Wall Street’s so-called “fear gauge” that measures the anticipated short-term volatility of the S&P 500 Index, fell to its lowest level since December 1993, pushed down by the favourable outcome of France’s presidential election. With China trying to rein in its shadow banking sector, commodity markets are under strain and the Federal Reserve appears determined to continue tightening monetary policy, emerging-market investors would still be unwise to throw caution to the wind Even the recent sell-off in commodity markets – Brent crude, the international oil benchmark, has dropped 12.5 per cent over the past month to below US$50 a barrel – is having a muted impact on emerging-market asset prices. JPMorgan notes that emerging-market debt markets “have recently become a lot less sensitive to moves in oil”. This is partly due to the weakness of the dollar. Last time oil prices were falling sharply, in the final quarter of last year, the dollar index, a gauge of the greenback’s performance against a basket of its peers, was surging, fuelled by expectations of stronger growth and inflation in the US. Yet after reaching a 14-year high in early January, the index has since fallen 3.6 per cent, buoying emerging-market assets. Yet it is not just the technicals that are working in developing economies’ favour. Economic fundamentals are also improving, with the International Monetary Fund expecting growth in emerging markets to pick up from an average rate of 4.1 per cent last year to 4.5 per cent and 4.8 per cent in 2017 and 2018 respectively. Even recession-plagued Russia and Brazil are expected to post growth. With China trying to rein in its shadow banking sector, commodity markets are under strain and the Federal Reserve appears determined to continue tightening monetary policy, emerging-market investors would still be unwise to throw caution to the wind. Valuations, moreover, are becoming a major concern. Spreads on emerging-market corporate bonds are currently at their tightest level since the global financial crisis, particularly in the Asian high-yield, or non-investment-grade, segment of the market. With markets already priced for perfection, the scope for further gains is limited. Emerging-market asset prices may have already peaked. Nicholas Spiro is a partner at Lauressa Advisory SCMP Today: HK Edition Get updates direct to your inbox. E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Hot markets business-article-page More articles by Nicholas Spiro China’s shadow banking crackdown could upset global markets 8 May 2017 - 10:45pm 2 Mysterious trends in the bond market could be warning of trouble 4 May 2017 - 10:45pm Opinion: Central banks are overly worried the reflation trade will fizzle 1 May 2017 - 10:44pm   Most Popular Viewed 1 Here’s how Li Ka-shing dominates trade on Belt and Road route 2 Yili in US$850m bid to buy US yoghurt producer Stonyfield 3 The world’s best-selling Android phone has a new name: Oppo 4 US Senate confirms China hardliner as Trump’s trade negotiator 5 SHKP’s Kwok family reveals £500m London project with Ballymore Shared 1 Here’s how Li Ka-shing dominates trade on Belt and Road route 2 Yili in US$850m bid to buy US yoghurt producer Stonyfield 3 The world’s best-selling Android phone has a new name: Oppo 4 US Senate confirms China hardliner as Trump’s trade negotiator 5 SHKP’s Kwok family reveals £500m London project with Ballymore Commented 1 Comment: Time for China to come clean on its goals for ‘Belt and Road Initiative’ 2 Philippine leader Duterte arrives in Hong Kong for first time 3 Hong Kong’s nuisance cold-callers could be branded criminals 4 China’s ambitious space mission to hunt and ‘capture’ asteroids 5 Hong Kong surgeon: Ibrahimovic will play on for ‘many years’ Promotions SCMP invites you to watch The West Side Story Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now!       You may also like China What Macron’s presidential victory means for China 10 May 2017 - 8:30pm Artistic journey through Macau transcends time and space In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office Arts & Entertainment Amazing story of Hong Kong pirate who inspired Hollywood role 11 May 2017 - 5:29pm 3 Encouraging Global Rankings Sponsored by HKUST Business School World Trump fires FBI chief James Comey, in stunning move 10 May 2017 - 12:27pm 70 Hong Kong Licence restrictions to be slashed to tackle driver shortage 10 May 2017 - 8:29am 35 China China’s Bohai missile tests ‘aimed at THAAD’ 10 May 2017 - 11:27pm 23 Hong Kong ‘Very high’ to ‘serious’ health risk as pollution smothers Hong Kong 11 May 2017 - 12:52am 53 China Why China’s trump card in global diplomacy is fraught with peril 10 May 2017 - 10:07am 12 China Top Chinese scientist’s move to US sparks soul-searching in China 9 May 2017 - 10:43pm 79 China Lessons for China in failed US Silk Road initiative 9 May 2017 - 10:14am 24 Hong Kong Joshua Wong is no worthy champion of democracy in Hong Kong 9 May 2017 - 5:19pm 105 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Snap's first earnings to shed light on battle with Facebook, Twitter Facebook posts $3 bn profit in Q1 H-1B effect: Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Snap's first earnings to shed light on battle with Facebook, Twitter SNAP-RESULTS/PREVIEW (CORRECTED):CORRECTED-Snap's first earnings to shed light on battle with Facebook, TwitterReuters | May 11, 2017, 06.53 AM IST (Corrects JPMorgan expectation of user growth in paragraph 12) By Angela Moon and Saqib Iqbal Ahmed NEW YORK, May 10 (Reuters) - Snap Inc has many similarities with archrivals Facebook Inc and Twitter Inc , but shareholders are eager to avoid one in particular when the social media company reports earnings on Wednesday for the first time since its initial public offering: a plunging stock price. Investors delivered a stern message of disappointment to Facebook and Twitter when they posted debut quarterly scorecards following their IPOs. Twitter shares cratered 24 percent the following day, while Facebook's tumbled 11 percent, drops that stand to this day as the biggest one-day losses for both. The options market is already positioned for a double-digit swing in Snap shares by the end of this week. One key to Snap, the owner of the wildly popular Snapchat messaging app, dodging a similar reception from the market rests on whether its user growth and engagement measures meet investors' expectations as Facebook aggressively copies its most successful features. The earnings report and subsequent conference call after the bell "will be make it or break it" for Snap, said Eric Kim, co-founder and managing partner at Goodwater Capital. The stock, which started trading in March in the largest tech IPO since Facebook's in 2012, jumped 44 percent on its debut, but has since fallen 5.5 percent from that day's closing price. FOCUS ON USER GROWTH Wall Street expects Snap to post a quarterly loss of 19 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Analysts expect revenue of close to $158 million, roughly four times the $38.8 million figure from a year earlier, but down about 5 percent from $165.7 million for the fourth quarter of last year. But investors will focus on Snapchat's user numbers and how the service is holding up against encroachments by rivals. In recent months, Facebook has launched Facebook Stories, a near-identical clone of Snapchat's most popular feature, also called Stories. The feature lets users post a string of videos and photos that disappear after 24 hours and is also available on other Facebook services, including Instagram and WhatsApp. "Much of the call should be around Stories as it represents the bulk of Snap's future value given the importance of video advertising to the company's relatively nascent business model," Goodwater's Kim said. Facebook recently announced that Instagram Stories alone had reached 200 million daily active users (DAU), eclipsing Snapchat's year-end overall DAU count of around 161 million. JPMorgan expects Snap's first-quarter DAU to grow to 166 million, while Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co Inc is targeting 173 million. Snap still may have an edge over Facebook with its active user base aged between 18 and 34, many of whom visit more than 18 times a day and are a highly coveted group for advertisers. "Our favorable outlook on Snap stems not only from the company's ability to innovate and cater to millennials in high value markets, but also capture publisher content and consumer mindshare as video consumption grows on digital," said James Cakmak, an analyst at Monness, Crespi. A POPULAR SHORT Despite a modest rally in Snap shares in recent weeks, short sellers - who aim to make a profit by selling borrowed shares and buying them back at a lower price later - have not let up in placing bearish bets, according to Ihor Dusaniwsky, head of research at financial analytics firm S3 Partners. "We saw $100 million worth of short selling in this past week, ahead of the earnings and Snap short interest stands at $946 million, which is the highest level since the IPO," he said. Meanwhile, options market activity suggests a swing of about 13.5 percent in either direction by Friday, based on the price of certain options expiring this week. "Snap's option activity was bullish last week, but the bears came out in greater force just two days before earnings," said David Russell, senior manager at online broker E*Trade in Chicago. (Additional Reporting by Noel Randewich in San Francisco; Editing by Dan Burns and Bill Rigby) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web 6 Things That Hurt a House Flip Bankrate Never Pay A Cable Bill Again With World's Best 4k Streamin.. Tick Tv Inside Meryl Streep's $4.8 Million Hollywood Home Lonny More from The Times of India Kabrastans bedecked with fairy lights for Shab E' Baraat Mozambique battles illegal logging to save tropical forests Justin Trudeau at ‘Khalistan event’ angers India From the Web More From The Times of India She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her CountryLivingly Have You Seen These Top Crossover SUVs?Crossover SUV - Sponsored Ads Best Dressed at the 2016 Met GalaStylebistro.com Have You Seen These Top Senior Apartments in CliftonLuxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads What Could Be Causing Your ED?WebMD Indian-origin couple's murder in US: Family in shock Indian-American doctor shot dead in Michigan Seema Verma - Key architect of Republican healthcare bill Rocket to take 1,500 images of Sun in five minutes: NASA Snake found in mid-day meal at Faridabad school ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular 22-year-old martyred Kashmiri Army officer's first leave became his last AAP demonstrates EVM tampering in Delhi assembly; 'diversionary tactics', says Kapil Mishra IT industry slows, Indian companies ready for large layoffs Hilarious Faces Of Guilty Dog Expressions Ad: Frank151 SoftBank records $1.4 billion loss from India investments Japan’s Softbank Group Corp said it had recognised a loss of over $1.4 billion relating to investments made by the Tokyo-headquartered investor, citing, in particular, its investments in troubled e-commerce marketplace Snapdeal and ride-hailing app, Ola. BS-III discounts trim Hero MotoCorp profit by 13.8% in Q4 Two-wheeler major Hero MotoCorp reported a 13.8 per cent YoY drop in net profit at Rs 718 crore for the quarter ended March 31. The company took a big hit on both top line as well as bottom line because of the huge discounts offered on the Bharat Stage III bike in a rush to clear inventory in March end. From around the Web 25 of Hollywood's Longest Marriages Womens Forum 25 Of The Most Evil People To Exist History Locker Just Released: Top 2017 New Cars Search New Car Ads Find Modern Tools For A Collaborative Classroom Microsoft More From The Times of India World's biggest X-ray laser generates first light Government does away with beacon lights for VIPs from May 1 Biggest solar power plant yet to see light of the day Read MoreYorkWall Streetu s treasuryTwitter IncTwitter Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Oil price jump on U.S. inventories slide boosts stocks Oil price jump on U.S. inventories slide boosts stocks NZ dlr plumbs 11-month low after RBNZ rate outlook Protesters call for investigation following FBI director firing 1Snap's first earnings to shed light on battle with Facebook, Twitter 2Oil price jump on U.S. inventories slide boosts stocks 3Oil price jump on U.S. inventories slide boosts stocks 4NZ dlr plumbs 11-month low after RBNZ rate outlook 5Protesters call for investigation following FBI director firing Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Softbank PM Modi Akhilesh Yadav Sensex Kashmir News Donald Trump Justin Bieber India Justin Beiber Concert Kapil Mishra TV Shows Sunny Leone Photos Snapdeal Softbank services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Anna Hazare AAP Crisis Lalu Prasad Yadav Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos Baahubali 2 Collection Health & Fitness Tips Rangoli Designs Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics Justin Beiber India IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table xXx Sensex today Yeh Hai Mohabbatein Kumkum Bhagya Videos Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CVR Refining LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CVR Refining LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News RPC (RES) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect CVR Refining (CVRR) Stock Price Matador Resources (MTDR) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds PNC Financial Services Group (PNC) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.36 FBR & Co (FBRC) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.17 Karp Capital Management Corp Invests $6.762 Million in BT Group plc (BT) Karp Capital Management Corp Invests $7.209 Million in Sasol Limited (SSL) Karp Capital Management Corp Purchases Shares of 554,949 China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (CHU) Karp Capital Management Corp Purchases New Position in Panera Bread Co (PNRA) Alethea Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Sei Investments Co. Decreases Position in Orbital ATK Inc (OA) Teza Capital Management LLC Acquires New Position in Colfax Corp (CFX) Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) Stake Lowered by Montecito Bank & Trust Snap Inc (SNAP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada CenterState Banks Inc (CSFL) Position Boosted by Teza Capital Management LLC John Francis Cogan Sells 9,943 Shares of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Stock Insider Selling: M/I Homes Inc (MHO) VP Sells 27,594 Shares of Stock LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) CEO Sells $996,975.00 in Stock KemPharm Inc (KMPH) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Identiv Inc (INVE) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.09 EPS Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect CVR Refining (CVRR) Stock Price May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about CVR Refining (NYSE:CVRR) has trended positive recently, Alpha One reports. Alpha One, a division of Accern, identifies positive and negative media coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. CVR Refining earned a media sentiment score of 0.29 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave headlines about the oil and gas company an impact score of 80 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the immediate future. These are some of the headlines that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s scoring: CVR Refining (CVRR) Run Higher on Strong Earnings Estimate … – Nasdaq (nasdaq.com) CVR Refining (CVRR) Run Higher on Strong Earnings Estimate Revisions? (finance.yahoo.com) Democratic senators ask US regulators to investigate Carl… (finance.yahoo.com) Democratic Senators call for probe into Icahn’s biofuel credit dealings (finance.yahoo.com) CVR Refining, LP (NYSE:CVRR) in Focus: A look at EBITDA & Valuation – JCTY News (jctynews.com) A number of equities research analysts have recently weighed in on CVRR shares. TheStreet upgraded CVR Refining from a “d+” rating to a “c-” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded CVR Refining from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered CVR Refining from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and dropped their target price for the company from $12.50 to $11.00 in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Citigroup Inc reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $10.00 target price (down previously from $11.80) on shares of CVR Refining in a research report on Saturday, April 22nd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded CVR Refining from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $12.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company. CVR Refining presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $10.13. Shares of CVR Refining (NYSE:CVRR) traded down 0.97% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $10.20. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 537,307 shares. CVR Refining has a 1-year low of $5.50 and a 1-year high of $12.55. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.51 billion, a P/E ratio of 10.02 and a beta of 1.34. The company’s 50-day moving average is $9.46 and its 200 day moving average is $9.77. CVR Refining (NYSE:CVRR) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The oil and gas company reported $0.45 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.03 by $0.42. CVR Refining had a negative return on equity of 7.55% and a negative net margin of 2.34%. The firm had revenue of $1.42 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.25 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned ($0.46) earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 70.7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts expect that CVR Refining will post $0.96 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect CVR Refining (CVRR) Stock Price” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/positive-media-coverage-likely-to-affect-cvr-refining-cvrr-stock-price.html. About CVR Refining CVR Refining, LP is an independent downstream energy limited partnership with refining and related logistics assets that operates in the mid-continent region. The Company is a petroleum refiner. It owned and operated a complex full coking medium-sour crude oil refinery in Coffeyville, Kansas with a rated capacity of 115,000 barrels per calendar day (bpcd) and a complex crude oil refinery in Wynnewood, Oklahoma with a rated capacity of 70,000 bpcd capable of processing 20,000 bpcd of light sour crude oils (within its rated capacity of 70,000 bpcd), as of December 31, 2016. Receive News & Ratings for CVR Refining LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CVR Refining LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alphabet Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Teza Capital Management LLC Buys New Position in Cypress Semiconductor Co. (CY) Teza Capital Management LLC Buys Shares of 7,847 Plantronics Inc (PLT) Teza Capital Management LLC Purchases New Position in Realogy Holdings Corp (RLGY) Clarius Group LLC Raises Stake in CMS Energy Co. (CMS) Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC Has $287,000 Position in Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Century Casinos, Inc. (CNTY) Position Decreased by Acrospire Investment Management LLC Acrospire Investment Management LLC Has $127,000 Stake in First Financial Northwest, Inc. (FFNW) Acrospire Investment Management LLC Sells 57,985 Shares of Broadwind Energy Inc. (BWEN) Argan, Inc. (AGX) Shares Sold by Acrospire Investment Management LLC Dean Foods (DF) Given News Impact Score of -0.01 Alphabet (GOOG) Given Daily Media Impact Score of -0.01 Somewhat Critical Press Coverage Unlikely to Impact OraSure Technologies (OSUR) Share Price Adesto Technologies Corp (IOTS) Earning Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Hilton Worldwide Holdings (HLT) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.00 Plains GP Holdings (PAGP) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.01 Pinnacle Foods (PF) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.02 SPX (SPXC) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.02 Douglas A. Michels Sells 209,800 Shares of OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Stock Alkermes Plc (ALKS) Director Richard F. Pops Sells 25,000 Shares Lantheus Holdings Inc (LNTH) Major Shareholder Sells $40,200,000.00 in Stock Alphabet (GOOG) Given Daily Media Impact Score of -0.01 May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News stories about Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) have been trending somewhat negative recently, according to AlphaOne Sentiment. The research group, a division of Accern, identifies negative and positive news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Alphabet earned a news sentiment score of -0.01 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave news articles about the information services provider an impact score of 49 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is somewhat unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the near term. Here are some of the media stories that may have impacted Alpha One Sentiment Analysis’s rankings: Go Long Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock With No Money Down (investorplace.com) Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. (americanbankingnews.com) Should Warren Buffett Buy Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock? – Investorplace.com (investorplace.com) 3 Concepts Out Of Google’s YouTube Brandcast Event – Seeking Alpha (seekingalpha.com) Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Probably Won’t Win the Cable TV Wars (investorplace.com) Several brokerages have recently weighed in on GOOG. Cantor Fitzgerald restated an “overweight” rating and set a $1,040.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a report on Friday, January 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. BMO Capital Markets restated an “outperform” rating and set a $1,000.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Stifel Nicolaus restated a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $1,000.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a report on Thursday, January 12th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and forty-two have given a buy rating to the company. Alphabet currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $969.00. Shares of Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) traded up 0.20% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $930.60. The stock had a trading volume of 835,124 shares. The stock has a market cap of $643.74 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.45 and a beta of 0.94. Alphabet has a one year low of $663.28 and a one year high of $937.50. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $855.52 and a 200-day moving average of $813.99. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last released its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The information services provider reported $7.73 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $7.38 by $0.35. The business had revenue of $24.75 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24.18 billion. Alphabet had a return on equity of 14.85% and a net margin of 21.58%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 22.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $7.50 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that Alphabet will post $33.88 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. In related news, VP James Grier Campbell sold 231 shares of Alphabet stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $830.56, for a total transaction of $191,859.36. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of Alphabet stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $915.16, for a total value of $3,660,640.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 2,205 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,017,927.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 32,828 shares of company stock worth $27,950,831. Company insiders own 13.92% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Alphabet (GOOG) Given Daily Media Impact Score of -0.01” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/alphabet-goog-given-daily-media-impact-score-of-0-01.html. Alphabet Company Profile Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Amdocs Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amdocs Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Potlatch Co. (PCH) Target Price at $45.00 Analysts Set Amerisur Resources plc (AMER) PT at $32.40 Alcentra Capital Corp (ABDC) Receives $13.67 Average Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Amdocs Limited (DOX) Target Price at $64.20 Analysts Set Mimecast Ltd (MIME) Target Price at $27.78 SkyWest, Inc. Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 (SKYW) TCP Capital Corp Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 (TCPC) New Mountain Finance Corp. to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.34 (NMFC) RNC Capital Management LLC Has $245,000 Stake in Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) CSRA Inc (CSRA) Shares Bought by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC WESCO International, Inc. (WCC) Shares Bought by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Gabelli Funds LLC Lowers Position in Franklin Electric Co. (FELE) Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Cuts Position in Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Gabelli Funds LLC Maintains Position in Quidel Co. (QDEL) Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOX) Shares Bought by Gabelli Funds LLC Standard Motor Products, Inc. (SMP) Position Cut by Gabelli Funds LLC Gabelli Funds LLC Takes Position in Nimble Storage Inc (NMBL) COMSCORE, Inc. (SCOR) Stake Raised by Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Sells 4,386 Shares of Liberty Broadband Corp (LBRDA) Hudson Pacific Properties (HPP) Receiving Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Brokerages Set Amdocs Limited (DOX) Target Price at $64.20 May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) has received a consensus rating of “Hold” from the seven ratings firms that are currently covering the firm. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and three have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12 month target price among analysts that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $65.17. A number of analysts have weighed in on the company. Robert W. Baird raised their price target on Amdocs Limited from $62.00 to $66.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a $68.00 target price on shares of Amdocs Limited in a research report on Tuesday. Zacks Investment Research cut Amdocs Limited from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $70.00 target price (up previously from $65.00) on shares of Amdocs Limited in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Robecosam AG purchased a new stake in Amdocs Limited during the first quarter worth approximately $114,000. Creative Planning boosted its stake in Amdocs Limited by 62.7% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 2,198 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $134,000 after buying an additional 847 shares during the period. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. boosted its stake in Amdocs Limited by 30.6% in the first quarter. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. now owns 2,969 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $181,000 after buying an additional 696 shares during the period. ProShare Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Amdocs Limited during the first quarter worth approximately $224,000. Finally, PEAK6 Investments L.P. purchased a new stake in Amdocs Limited during the fourth quarter worth approximately $231,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 89.04% of the company’s stock. Shares of Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) traded down 0.05% on Monday, reaching $63.59. The company had a trading volume of 876,526 shares. Amdocs Limited has a 52 week low of $54.12 and a 52 week high of $64.01. The company has a market capitalization of $9.32 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.06 and a beta of 0.64. The company has a 50 day moving average of $61.38 and a 200-day moving average of $59.91. Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The technology company reported $0.88 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.87 by $0.01. Amdocs Limited had a return on equity of 14.57% and a net margin of 10.83%. The company had revenue of $966 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $960.58 million. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.92 earnings per share. Amdocs Limited’s quarterly revenue was up 4.3% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Amdocs Limited will post $3.77 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Brokerages Set Amdocs Limited (DOX) Target Price at $64.20” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/brokerages-set-amdocs-limited-dox-target-price-at-64-20.html. About Amdocs Limited Amdocs Limited is a provider of software and services for communications, entertainment and media industry service providers. The Company develops, implements and manages software and services associated with business support systems (BSS), operational support systems (OSS) and network operations to enable service providers to introduce new products and services, process orders, monetize data, support new business models and enhance their understanding of their customers. Receive News & Ratings for Amdocs Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amdocs Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance OraSure Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for OraSure Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Douglas A. Michels Sells 209,800 Shares of OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Stock Alkermes Plc (ALKS) Director Richard F. Pops Sells 25,000 Shares Lantheus Holdings Inc (LNTH) Major Shareholder Sells $40,200,000.00 in Stock Jean-Baptiste Rudelle Sells 57,845 Shares of Criteo SA (CRTO) Stock Royal Gold, Inc (RGLD) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.02 EPS Brokerages Set Potlatch Co. (PCH) Target Price at $45.00 Analysts Set Amerisur Resources plc (AMER) PT at $32.40 Alcentra Capital Corp (ABDC) Receives $13.67 Average Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Amdocs Limited (DOX) Target Price at $64.20 Analysts Set Mimecast Ltd (MIME) Target Price at $27.78 SkyWest, Inc. Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 (SKYW) TCP Capital Corp Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 (TCPC) New Mountain Finance Corp. to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.34 (NMFC) RNC Capital Management LLC Has $245,000 Stake in Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) CSRA Inc (CSRA) Shares Bought by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC WESCO International, Inc. (WCC) Shares Bought by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Gabelli Funds LLC Lowers Position in Franklin Electric Co. (FELE) Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Cuts Position in Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Gabelli Funds LLC Maintains Position in Quidel Co. (QDEL) Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOX) Shares Bought by Gabelli Funds LLC Douglas A. Michels Sells 209,800 Shares of OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Stock May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet OraSure Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:OSUR) CEO Douglas A. Michels sold 209,800 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $15.01, for a total transaction of $3,149,098.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 782,025 shares in the company, valued at approximately $11,738,195.25. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. OraSure Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:OSUR) traded up 0.60% during trading on Thursday, hitting $14.99. 763,570 shares of the stock traded hands. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $12.88 and a 200-day moving average price of $10.17. OraSure Technologies, Inc. has a 12 month low of $5.57 and a 12 month high of $15.72. The stock has a market cap of $853.37 million, a PE ratio of 28.72 and a beta of 1.44. OraSure Technologies (NASDAQ:OSUR) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The medical instruments supplier reported $0.21 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.17 by $0.04. OraSure Technologies had a net margin of 15.38% and a return on equity of 11.64%. The company had revenue of $32.55 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $31.19 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.04 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 11.9% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts expect that OraSure Technologies, Inc. will post $0.42 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/douglas-a-michels-sells-209800-shares-of-orasure-technologies-inc-osur-stock.html. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in OraSure Technologies during the fourth quarter worth approximately $9,786,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in OraSure Technologies by 127.2% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,573,586 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock worth $20,347,000 after buying an additional 881,132 shares in the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in OraSure Technologies by 29.6% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,494,674 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock worth $21,903,000 after buying an additional 569,993 shares in the last quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. raised its stake in OraSure Technologies by 1,376.0% in the first quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 455,208 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock worth $5,886,000 after buying an additional 424,368 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in OraSure Technologies by 107.4% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 816,172 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock worth $10,553,000 after buying an additional 422,645 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 79.51% of the company’s stock. Several equities analysts recently commented on OSUR shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of OraSure Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. raised shares of OraSure Technologies from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $11.25 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Jefferies Group LLC increased their price objective on shares of OraSure Technologies from $11.00 to $12.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity set a $12.00 price objective on shares of OraSure Technologies and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. OraSure Technologies currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $12.04. About OraSure Technologies OraSure Technologies, Inc (OraSure) is involved in the development, manufacture, marketing and sale of oral fluid diagnostic products and specimen collection devices using its technologies, as well as other diagnostic products, including immunoassays and other in vitro diagnostic tests that are used on other specimen types. Receive News & Ratings for OraSure Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for OraSure Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman US Foods Announces Upsizing and Pricing of Secondary Public Offering of Common Stock ROSEMONT, Ill.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–US Foods Holding Corp. (NYSE:USFD), today announced the pricing of a secondary public offering of 40,000,000 shares of common stock by investment funds associated with Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC (“CD&R”) and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (“KKR”) and certain members of management and the board of directors (collectively, the “Selling Stockholders”) at a price to the public of $28.25 per share for a total offering size of $1.13 billion. In connection with the offering, investment funds associated with CD&R and KKR have granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase from such Selling Stockholders up to an additional 6,000,000 shares of common stock, which if exercised in full would result in a total offering size of approximately $1.30 billion. The offering is expected to close on May 17, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. US Foods is not selling any stock in this transaction and will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares of common stock by the Selling Stockholders. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Morgan Stanley and J.P. Morgan are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering and the representatives of the underwriters. BofA Merrill Lynch, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank Securities, Wells Fargo Securities and KKR Capital Markets are also serving as joint book-running managers for the offering and BMO Capital Markets, BTIG, Guggenheim Securities, ING, Rabo Securities and Natixis are serving as co-managers for the offering. A registration statement, including a prospectus, on Form S-1 relating to the offering was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on May 11, 2017. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, by telephone toll-free at 1-866-471-2526 or by email at prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com; from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014; or from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY, 11717, by telephone toll-free at 1-866-803-9204. The registration statement is available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov under US Foods’ name. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About US Foods US Foods is one of America’s great food companies and a leading foodservice distributor, partnering with approximately 250,000 chefs, restaurants and foodservice operators to help their businesses succeed. With nearly 25,000 employees and more than 60 locations, US Foods provides its customers with a broad and innovative food offering and a comprehensive suite of e-commerce, technology and business solutions. US Foods is headquartered in Rosemont, IL, and generates approximately $23 billion in annual revenue. Forward Looking Statements This press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including statements concerning the expected closing date of the offering. Forward-looking statements often include words such as “believe,” “expect,” “project,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “estimate,” “target,” “seek,” “will,” “may,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “forecasts,” “mission,” “strive,” “more,” “goal,” or similar expressions. The statements are based on assumptions that we have made, based on our experience in the industry as well as our perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments, and other factors we think are appropriate. We believe these judgments are reasonable. However, you should understand that these statements are not guarantees of performance or results. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. There are a number of risks, uncertainties, and other important factors, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this release. Such risks, uncertainties, and other important factors include, among others, the factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, which was filed with the SEC on February 28, 2017. All forward-looking statements made in this release are qualified by these cautionary statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. We undertake no obligation, other than as may be required by law, to update or revise any forward-looking or cautionary statements to reflect changes in assumptions, the occurrence of events, unanticipated or otherwise, or changes in future operating results over time or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Tabletop and Sachet Sweeteners Market – Drivers and Forecast from Technavio Next PostNext Raytheon selected to develop 3DELRR, new expeditionary radar for U.S. Air Force Posted on 12 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman US Foods Announces Upsizing and Pricing of Secondary Public Offering of Common Stock ROSEMONT, Ill.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–US Foods Holding Corp. (NYSE:USFD), today announced the pricing of a secondary public offering of 40,000,000 shares of common stock by investment funds associated with Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC (“CD&R”) and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (“KKR”) and certain members of management and the board of directors (collectively, the “Selling Stockholders”) at a price to the public of $28.25 per share for a total offering size of $1.13 billion. In connection with the offering, investment funds associated with CD&R and KKR have granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase from such Selling Stockholders up to an additional 6,000,000 shares of common stock, which if exercised in full would result in a total offering size of approximately $1.30 billion. The offering is expected to close on May 17, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. US Foods is not selling any stock in this transaction and will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares of common stock by the Selling Stockholders. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Morgan Stanley and J.P. Morgan are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering and the representatives of the underwriters. BofA Merrill Lynch, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank Securities, Wells Fargo Securities and KKR Capital Markets are also serving as joint book-running managers for the offering and BMO Capital Markets, BTIG, Guggenheim Securities, ING, Rabo Securities and Natixis are serving as co-managers for the offering. A registration statement, including a prospectus, on Form S-1 relating to the offering was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on May 11, 2017. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, by telephone toll-free at 1-866-471-2526 or by email at prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com; from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014; or from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY, 11717, by telephone toll-free at 1-866-803-9204. The registration statement is available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov under US Foods’ name. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About US Foods US Foods is one of America’s great food companies and a leading foodservice distributor, partnering with approximately 250,000 chefs, restaurants and foodservice operators to help their businesses succeed. With nearly 25,000 employees and more than 60 locations, US Foods provides its customers with a broad and innovative food offering and a comprehensive suite of e-commerce, technology and business solutions. US Foods is headquartered in Rosemont, IL, and generates approximately $23 billion in annual revenue. Forward Looking Statements This press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including statements concerning the expected closing date of the offering. Forward-looking statements often include words such as “believe,” “expect,” “project,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “estimate,” “target,” “seek,” “will,” “may,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “forecasts,” “mission,” “strive,” “more,” “goal,” or similar expressions. The statements are based on assumptions that we have made, based on our experience in the industry as well as our perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments, and other factors we think are appropriate. We believe these judgments are reasonable. However, you should understand that these statements are not guarantees of performance or results. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. There are a number of risks, uncertainties, and other important factors, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this release. Such risks, uncertainties, and other important factors include, among others, the factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, which was filed with the SEC on February 28, 2017. All forward-looking statements made in this release are qualified by these cautionary statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. We undertake no obligation, other than as may be required by law, to update or revise any forward-looking or cautionary statements to reflect changes in assumptions, the occurrence of events, unanticipated or otherwise, or changes in future operating results over time or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Tabletop and Sachet Sweeteners Market – Drivers and Forecast from Technavio Next PostNext Raytheon selected to develop 3DELRR, new expeditionary radar for U.S. Air Force Search Recent Posts Lash Stuff Announces It Will Offer Eyelash Extension Training Courses At No-Cost $54 Million Settlement Resolving Whistleblower Claims Against CareCore National LLC Announced Research and Markets – Global Automotive Variable Geometry Turbocharger Market to Grow at a CAGR of 21.49% by 2021: Key Vendors are BorgWarner, Cummins, Honeywell International, IHI & Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Election Integrity Commission Starts Down a Dangerous Path with Kris Kobach as Vice-Chair Trump Order Misses the Real Election Integrity Issue Voter Suppression RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
awurryttrfytsxwcuqvaq Free Site Registration LOGIN Bookstore Calendar CE Center Conferences Subscribe FA Magazine Subscription Newsletters Change of Address Renew Subscription News Feeds Videos FA Library Featured Webcasts Upcoming Archived Whitepapers Most Recent Archived Market and Economic Outlook Go Username Password What is 0 + 3? Remember me New User? | Forgot Username? | Forgot Password? Email for username What is 0 + 3? Email for new password What is 0 + 3? Home » FA Online » FA News » Many Retirees Being Advised To Spend Too Conservatively: J.P. Morgan May 12, 2017 Subscribe Free Current Issue Past Issues CONFERENCE NEWS Invest In Women 2017 Inside Retirement 2017 Morningstar Conference 2017 TD Ameritrade 2017 Inside ETFs Conference 2017 Schwab IMPACT 2016 Inside Alternatives Conference 2016 Inside ETFs Conference 2016 Smart Beta Conference 2016 ADVISOR SERVICES Broker-Dealers Custodians/Fee Only Social Media Technology ADVICE 401(k) Plans Annuities Benefits Business Transitions Charitable Giving DOL/Compliance/Fraud Economy Education/529 Estate Planning Health Care Insurance Practice Management Retirement Income Retirement Planning Social Security Tax Planning Variable Annuities Women and Planning INVESTING Alternative Investments Analysis Commodities ETFs Fixed Income Green International Mutual Funds Real Estate/REITs Smart Beta U.S. Equity RESEARCH 10 Young Advisors To Watch Market and Economic Outlook Whitepapers B/D Survey Ranking RIA Ranking MORE SERVICES B/D Profiles 2017 B/D Recruiting Special Section Fixed-Income Supplement Liquid Alts Special Section Technology Special Section Women In The Profession B/D Recruitment Center Industry Partnerships « Previous Article | Next Article » Print | Reprint | Share Many Retirees Being Advised To Spend Too Conservatively: J.P. Morgan May 11, 2017 • Dorothy Hinchcliff Loading Other Articles... Are younger retirees being advised to spend too conservatively? In many cases, the answer is yes, says S. Katherine Roy, chief retirement strategist and head of individual retirement for J.P. Morgan Asset Management. Roy spoke on a panel with Bill E. Carter, president of Carter Financial Management, at the 8th Annual Inside Retirement conference in Dallas on Thursday. Older retirees actually spend a lot less than younger ones, but that fact is often not reflected in financial planning tools, she said. "It's been proven that if I use the wrong kind of spending assumptions, or overly conservative assumptions in people's plans, I'll be forecasting that they'll be spending incredible amounts of money later in retirement, and that probably is not going to be the case," she said. Older people spend less on every category but two: health care and charitable giving, Roy noted. J.P. Morgan has studied asset and income data anonymously of more than 5.4 million people who spent a significant portion of their estimated income through JPMorgan Chase accounts. The research showed that spending peaks when income peaks, and for most people that's when they are between the ages of 45 and 55. The percentage drop off in spending as people age is even more pronounced for people with $2 million to $5 million in assets, possibly because they have more discretionary spending to cut back on, Roy said. Households today headed by a 65-year-old with $1 million to $2 million in assets spend about $200,000 a year from all income sources, Roy said. Historical CPI-U, now about 3 percent, is often applied to reach the dollar amount, adjusted for inflation, needed in the future to maintain one's lifestyle. However, Roy said, CPI-U doesn't account for the reduced spending in many categories by older people. J.P. Morgan's research  overlays those spending behavior changes to arrive at what it believes is a more accurate overall rate of economic inflation -- 2.25 percent -- for older people with $1 million to $2 million in assets. The CPI-U rate results in spending forecasts about one-third higher for a 90 year old, Roy noted. However, because health-care spending does rise as a person ages, J.P. Morgan recommends that a separate line item be included in financial plans for it. The company currently estimates that a 65-year-old will spend a total of $5,140 a year on all health care, and that figure is estimated to grow at 6.5 percent a year, she said. The inflation rate for other lifestyle spending should be between 1.5 percent and 2 percent, she said. Roy was quick to point out that the overall numbers J.P. Morgan arrived at are averages. The firm did look at groups of people with similar spending patterns so their habits could be reflected in planning. About 39 percent of the people studied were "foodies," who liked spending more on food, eating out and big-box store purchases. About 29 percent were identified as "homebodies," people spending more on mortgages, renovations, property taxes and other home costs. The only group to spend more on travel were the "globetrotters," people who traveled a lot throughout their lives and traveled even more between the ages of 80 and 85. Although globetrotters were only 5 percent of those studied, Roy suggested that advisors add a separate line for travel in financial plans for these people. Another 4 percent were "health care spenders" and 24 percent were "snowflakes," who were all different and difficult to profile. To read more stories , click here Loading Other Articles... « Previous Article | Next Article » 0 Comments Login in order to post a comment Quick Poll DoubleLine Capital CEO Jeffrey Gundlach recommends shorting the S&P 500. Do you agree? Yes No View Results Home Login About Us Media Kit FTP Site Subscriptions Reprints Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | ©2017 Charter Financial Publishing Network Inc. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance La Quinta Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for La Quinta Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $0.14 Earnings Per Share Expected for La Quinta Holdings Inc (LQ) This Quarter Owens Corning (OC) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.01 Per Share Oil States International, Inc. (OIS) Receives $40.09 Average Target Price from Analysts $0.64 EPS Expected for QTS Realty Trust Inc (QTS) This Quarter ESCO Technologies Inc. Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 (ESE) HollyFrontier Corp (HFC) to Issue $0.33 Quarterly Dividend Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Mosaic (MOS) Share Price GlobalSCAPE, Inc. (GSB) to Issue $0.02 Quarterly Dividend Colony Starwood Homes (SFR) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.22 PTC (PTC) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.19 Neurocrine Biosciences (NBIX) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports DigitalGlobe (DGI) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Inter Parfums, Inc. Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.17 (IPAR) PTC Therapeutics (PTCT) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.29 Mastercard (MA) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Three Peaks Capital Management LLC Sells 766 Shares of Tesoro Co. (TSO) Three Peaks Capital Management LLC Sells 1,578 Shares of L Brands Inc (LB) Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Stake Cut by Three Peaks Capital Management LLC Morse Asset Management Inc Invests $880,000 in Incyte Co. (INCY) Icon Advisers Inc. Co. Maintains Position in LGI Homes Inc (LGIH) $0.14 Earnings Per Share Expected for La Quinta Holdings Inc (LQ) This Quarter May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities research analysts expect that La Quinta Holdings Inc (NYSE:LQ) will announce $0.14 earnings per share (EPS) for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Four analysts have made estimates for La Quinta Holdings’ earnings, with estimates ranging from $0.11 to $0.15. La Quinta Holdings reported earnings per share of $0.21 during the same quarter last year, which suggests a negative year over year growth rate of 33.3%. The company is scheduled to report its next earnings results on Tuesday, August 1st. According to Zacks, analysts expect that La Quinta Holdings will report full year earnings of $0.38 per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from $0.30 to $0.45. For the next year, analysts expect that the firm will post earnings of $0.39 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $0.30 to $0.57. Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share calculations are a mean average based on a survey of research analysts that that provide coverage for La Quinta Holdings. La Quinta Holdings (NYSE:LQ) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The company reported $0.04 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.06 by $0.02. La Quinta Holdings had a net margin of 0.65% and a return on equity of 9.67%. The company had revenue of $234.27 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $232.20 million. Several analysts have weighed in on the company. Stifel Nicolaus dropped their price target on La Quinta Holdings from $13.50 to $13.25 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded La Quinta Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $12.35. Shares of La Quinta Holdings (NYSE:LQ) traded down 0.37% during trading on Monday, hitting $13.39. The stock had a trading volume of 1,156,595 shares. The company has a market cap of $1.57 billion, a P/E ratio of 40.70 and a beta of 1.95. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $13.66 and a 200 day moving average price of $13.30. La Quinta Holdings has a 12 month low of $9.73 and a 12 month high of $15.05. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. First Eagle Investment Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of La Quinta Holdings during the first quarter worth approximately $24,795,000. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of La Quinta Holdings during the fourth quarter worth approximately $21,660,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of La Quinta Holdings by 24.0% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 7,676,423 shares of the company’s stock worth $103,785,000 after buying an additional 1,487,652 shares during the last quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its stake in shares of La Quinta Holdings by 1,285.4% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 1,007,192 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,312,000 after buying an additional 934,492 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK increased its stake in shares of La Quinta Holdings by 36.0% in the fourth quarter. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK now owns 2,597,121 shares of the company’s stock worth $36,905,000 after buying an additional 687,563 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 96.45% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “$0.14 Earnings Per Share Expected for La Quinta Holdings Inc (LQ) This Quarter” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/0-14-earnings-per-share-expected-for-la-quinta-holdings-inc-lq-this-quarter.html. About La Quinta Holdings La Quinta Holdings Inc is an owner, operator and franchisor of select-service hotels primarily serving the midscale and upper-midscale sectors under the La Quinta brand. The Company’s segments include owned hotels, franchise and management, and corporate and other. The owned hotels segment is engaged in the operation of owned hotel properties. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on La Quinta Holdings (LQ) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for La Quinta Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for La Quinta Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback HomeTop Share show ad MARKET REPORT: Gas firm Infrastrata board coup as £2million deal faces hold up By Daniel Flynn For The Daily Mail and Daily Mail Published: 18:09 EDT, 11 May 2017 | Updated: 02:26 EDT, 12 May 2017 e-mail View comments The value of gas storage firm Infrastrata fell yesterday after it said it may have to hold a shareholder meeting to vote on whether to axe its entire board of directors. The meeting was requested on Tuesday by Hornbuckle Mitchell Pension Trustees and Tower Pension Trustees, which own a combined 5.1 per cent stake in Infrastrata. Shares initially jumped on the news of the move to fire all the directors, including chief executive Andrew Hindle and finance boss Stewart McGarrity. Gas storage firm Infrastrata's value fell yesterday after shareholder meeting Although Infrastrata has refused to hold the meeting as the request is not valid, for undisclosed reasons, it expects to receive a valid request. In this case, Infrastrata will write to investors with its view of the proposal. Despite recommending that shareholders take no action, Infrastrata’s shares fell 12.9 per cent, or 0.1p, yesterday to 0.68p. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Weak pound is a double-edged sword for clothing maker... £130m wiped from TalkTalk in share slide as founder returns... Mickey Mouse proves a hit in China as almost 10m visitors... Pret A Manger prepares for New York stock market listing as... Share this article Share This month, the company warned there was no guarantee it could secure the £2.2m to complete its design of a gas project in Northern Ireland and it said it may have to scrap the project if money cannot be raised. The FTSE was relatively flat yesterday, as gains among miners on the back of a rise in copper prices offset a bad day for pharmaceutical stocks. The index was down 1.39 points, to 7386.63. Burberry was a big winner after a key broker said the luxury retailer’s bad days are now behind it. Credit Suisse – highly rated for its recommendation accuracy – upgraded the stock to ‘neutral’ from ‘underperform’. It said the £100m of savings made by the firm last year have reduced earnings uncertainty. Although it said the stock is being undervalued, it withheld more positive ratings on concerns it is unlikely to become more creative or cut further costs until November. Shares rose 1.4 per cent, or 23p, to 1648p. Howler:  British gas owner Centrica was downgraded from JPMorgan British Gas owner Centrica had another howler after being hit by a downgrade from JPMorgan. The bank’s analysts slapped the firm with an ‘underweight’ rating, citing evidence that a price war is emerging in the UK gas market. As well as going ex-dividend, the firm was also held back by news that the Labour party plans to campaign for a partly public-owned energy market. Shares were hit earlier this week when Theresa May reiterated her commitment to introducing an energy price cap. Shares fell 5.4 per cent, or 11p, yesterday to 192.2p, and are now down 17.9 per cent so far this year. Mysquar offers a mobile messaging application in Myanmar Debt buyer Arrow Global Group jumped after revealing a near-40pc jump in profits over the first three months of the year. The firm, which purchases, collects and services non-performing loans saw profits reach £19.3m, up from £7.6m last year, while revenues grew 45pc to £64.5m. Shares rose 5pc, or 19.25p, to 408.5p. In small cap-land, social media firm Mysquar returned to its recent growth run following a brief sell-off yesterday. Focused on the market in Myanmar in Asia, Mysquar offers a mobile messaging application. Shares rose 22.8 per cent, or 0.82p, to 4.45p. A recent rally for the stock was helped along last week when it announced that it had reached daily revenue of nearly £4,000. Advertising firm Spaceandpeople rocketed after its update for the first four months of the year, with strong sales in its UK promotions division. It expects to report profits of £1.1m for 2017 alongside earnings per share of around 4.5p. Shares rose 45.1 per cent, or 11.5p, to an eight-month high of 37p.   Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched Money videos Watch the production of the one-millionth Porsche 911 Footage showing the amazing evolution of the Porsche 911 Carrera All you need to know about the new 12-sided £1 coin Big Money Questions: Can we avoid another financial crisis? The Tesla Model X and its falcon wing doors Investing Show: Will shares go off the boil or keep rising? Anthony Joshua receives 'phenomenal' bespoke Range Rover New Beatrix Potter 50p coins unveiled including Peter Rabbit Investing Show: John Redwood on whether Trump can deliver Alana's 'Ridiculously Rich' line is looking for ambassadors Investing Show: Will the US or Europe do better? Aston Martin race vehicles to celebrate opening of factory BT to cut 4,000 jobs and slash chief exec's pay package... Bank of England keeps rates on hold but says they could... One in a million: Porsche reveals its millionth 911 and... MARKETS CLOSE: Bank of England keeps interest rates on... Snapchat owner loses £1 billion in JUST 45 minutes but... RBS chief gets a £1.1 million pay cut and no chance of... Three quarters of motorists want potholes to be fixed... Weak pound is a double-edged sword for clothing maker... Why US media tycoon Liberty has its eyes on ITV – but... ALEX BRUMMER: BT's Gavin Patterson takes the pain... Think our fat cats earn a lot? Just look at motor giant... Asthma drug failure gives a breath of hope to... MARKET REPORT: Gas firm Infrastrata board coup as £2... BT slashes bonuses and axes 4,000 jobs after £530 million... CITY DIARY: RBS chairman Sir Howard Davies was man under... Hoax email exchange embarrasses Barclays supremo Jes... Daily Briefing:  Porta Communications reports ‘year of... I withdrew £1,500 from a Santander branch but realised... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 0 Share what you think No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Newsletter Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Online share dealing Buy and sell shares and ETFs from £5 Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades No platform fee £4.95 dealing, £15 min quarterly trading fee Low annual charge 0.25% funds fee and £1.50 fund dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge Welcome rate £5.95 online share dealing rate first 3 months Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance Explore 2,500+ funds £7.50 share and investment trust dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Investing Show: Will shares go off the boil or keep on rising? Investing Show: Tips to choose the best funds for your Isa Investing Show: Can you profit from the growing Chinese middle-class? We meet Fidelity China Special Situations manager Dale Nicholls Investing Show: Asset allocation - how to make sure all your eggs are not in one basket Emerging markets manager who returned 60% in a year: We meet Templeton's Carlos Hardenberg Investing Show: Where to invest for income and how to spot the best dividends Investing Show: How to profit from property in the world's best cities Investing Show: Should investors worry about political upheaval? Investing Show: Will President Donald Trump prove to be good for investors? Investing Show: Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Investing Show: Is now a good time to buy emerging markets?             DON'T MISS Vast majority of Britons expect to work well past pension age as a lack of savings delays retirement Nearly ten years after the financial crisis and British banks are still struggling with fines and payouts US banks look to be out of the woods though. Should you ditch your Isa for an ordinary savings account? Rate slump means almost two-thirds more interest. Put-upon guests spend £256 each to attend weddings... - and increasingly have to take a day, and sometimes two, off work. Thomson promised special assistance but then ruined my 86-year-old mum's cruise... now it's blaming us ASK TONY. Can my abusive dad go after my hardworking mum's pension if she divorces him? Solicitor Jacqueline Major answers. Loyal customers denied record low mortgage rates as Yorkshire Building Society's 0.89% deal triggers price war Is it worth joining my company pension scheme at age 60 and earning £7,670 a year? Steve Webb replies. Revealed: The locations of the UK's top 10 highest earning speed cameras... - including one that raked in £600,000 in just one year. Loyal energy customers now pay £272 a year more than those who shop around for better deals Is Lloyds buying a £7bn timebomb? Concern spreads as bank looks to inherit MBNA's crippling credit card debts. Broadband firms face crackdown on advertising fast internet speeds that only a few customers can get Yorkshire Building Society closes 20 of its 163 branches claiming more customers want to transact digitally Number of under 35-year-olds still living with their parents surges by a third to 1.23million as house prices soar... - but is there a way to fly the nest? Theresa May is planning an energy bill price cap: Here's how it could work.... - and how you could cut your bill by £259 now in just five minutes. Can we avoid another financial crisis? No we can't! So says professor Steve Keen Young people with degrees are the banking customers most likely to be duped by online fraudsters New research from Barclays. House prices suffer first quarterly fall for nearly five years... - but a shortage of homes and low mortgage rates will prevent a bigger dip, says Halifax. MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Wellness firm Venture Life Group expands as it appeals to well-heeled over-40s MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Rising sales (and a facelift) inject new life into Botox rival Sinclair Pharma MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Sirius Minerals digs deep to mine in the Yorkshire Moors MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Plug in to infrastructure fund International Public Partnerships as it raises £250m MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Can the A&E strategy reap rewards for the future? Healthcare firm Totally says yes MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Learning Technology Group's £54m takeover helps shares soar MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Central London property group Shaftesbury is West End gold MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Palm oil producer DekelOil offers healthy future for investors MIDAS SHARE TIPS: RPS builds bridges as governments look to upgrade creaking infrastructure across the globe MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Property firm Sirius Real Estate is well placed if firms head to Germany MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Good times roll as carpet maker Victoria's shares soar by 59% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Fidelity Asian Values - the all-singing, all-dancing trust that sticks to a winning formula         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS SECURITIES TRUST OF SCOTLAND: How bricks and mortar are helping fund rebuild its fortunes WAVERTON PORTFOLIO: Fund increases UK exposure in anticipation of a stronger pound SVM UK OPPORTUNITIES: The outperforming minnow fund that lives in the shadow of 'super-tankers' JP MORGAN JAPANESE INVESTMENT TRUST: Forget laptops, my Japanese trust fund is all about robots and ski slopes ARTEMIS GLOBAL INCOME: Heading west with Wells Fargo - the successful Danish fund manager on a golden trail FOREIGN & COLONIAL INVESTMENT TRUST: 'Conductor' Niven keeps world's oldest trust in perfect harmony CRUX EUROPEAN SPECIAL SITUATIONS: The new kid on the block run by an old hand (who loves Playing FTSE) JUPITER EMERGING EUROPEAN OPPORTUNITIES: Fund fights back as the revolution begins for Russian share values FIDELITY CHINA SPECIAL SITUATIONS: Fund boss who knows Far Eastern markets inside out is riding high PICTET DIGITAL: Heading for a dotcom bubble MKII? We are nowhere near another 2000, say fund managers FRANKLIN UK EQUITY INCOME: From £500k to a £300m fund...meet the Northern powerhouse SARASIN FOOD AND AGRICULTURE OPPORTUNITIES: From salmon farming to chocolate, the fund with a taste for success BROOKS MACDONALD DEFENSIVE CAPITAL: 'I'm waiting for the next crisis to deliver my absolute returns,' says manager         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   Ditch your Isa for an ordinary savings account?   Is Lloyds buying a £7bn credit card debt timebomb?   House prices in first quarterly fall since Nov 2012   Watchdog blows £70K on minute change to logo   'We can't avoid another financial crisis' - professor   Ten of the best SUVs that you can buy for sub-£30k Latest from Markets RBS chief gets a £1.1million pay cut as shareholders slam 'catastrophic' performance at bank BT slashes bonuses and axes 4,000 jobs after £530million Italian accounting scandal MARKET REPORT: Gas firm Infrastrata board coup as £2million deal faces hold up Snapchat owner loses £1 billion in JUST 45 minutes but he’s still got £4 billion! Daily Briefing:  Porta Communications reports ‘year of significant change’ with 9% rise in profit Asthma drug failure gives a breath of hope to GlaxoSmithKline as US regulator blocks oppenents bid CITY DIARY: RBS chairman Sir Howard Davies was man under siege at its bad-tempered AGM Why US media tycoon Liberty has its eyes on ITV – but won’t bid for it just yet  MARKETS CLOSE: Bank of England keeps interest rates on hold, but warns they may to have to rise as inflation hits 3% Weak pound is a double-edged sword for clothing maker SuperGroup as it boosts sales but eats into margins MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inogen Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nuance Communications Inc. (NUAN) Given New $19.00 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus Kornit Digital Ltd (KRNT) Given New $22.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC JD.Com Inc (JD) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Inogen Inc (INGN) Given Buy Rating at Needham & Company LLC Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Has $425,000 Stake in Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Position Cut by MUFG Americas Holdings Corp MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Sells 780 Shares of Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Shares Bought by Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC Johnson Controls International plc Ordinary Share (JCI) Stake Increased by LS Investment Advisors LLC Synopsys, Inc. (SNPS) Shares Sold by LS Investment Advisors LLC LS Investment Advisors LLC Increases Stake in Expedia Inc (EXPE) Masco Corp (MAS) Shares Bought by LS Investment Advisors LLC Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Shares Sold by LS Investment Advisors LLC LS Investment Advisors LLC Lowers Position in NiSource Inc. (NI) J B Hunt Transport Services Inc (JBHT) Shares Bought by LS Investment Advisors LLC Gap Inc (GPS) Shares Sold by LS Investment Advisors LLC Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Position Decreased by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank ANSYS, Inc. (ANSS) Shares Sold by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Analysts Set Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) Price Target at $103.59 Inogen Inc (INGN) Given Buy Rating at Needham & Company LLC May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Needham & Company LLC restated their buy rating on shares of Inogen Inc (NASDAQ:INGN) in a research note published on Wednesday morning. The firm currently has a $96.00 target price on the medical technology company’s stock. “INGN beat consensus revenue, EBITDA, and EPS in 1Q17. Management maintained its 2017 revenue and EBITDA guidance and raised its 2017 net income guidance. The revenue upside was driven by 49% growth in B2B more than offsetting 0% growth in DTC. We think that the strong 84% growth in domestic B2B provides further evidence that home medical equipment companies (HMEs) are increasingly adopting portable oxygen concentrators.”,” the firm’s analyst commented. Several other research analysts also recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Inogen from a strong-buy rating to a hold rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Sidoti began coverage on Inogen in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. They set a neutral rating and a $79.00 target price for the company. TheStreet raised Inogen from a c rating to a b- rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $78.00 target price on Inogen and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus upped their target price on Inogen to $65.00 in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $77.50. Shares of Inogen (NASDAQ:INGN) traded down 1.28% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $83.30. 241,022 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $79.09 and a 200 day moving average of $69.01. The firm has a market cap of $1.71 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 85.88 and a beta of 1.07. Inogen has a 52-week low of $43.16 and a 52-week high of $88.61. Inogen (NASDAQ:INGN) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The medical technology company reported $0.27 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.12 by $0.15. The business had revenue of $52.50 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $49.06 million. Inogen had a return on equity of 9.59% and a net margin of 7.70%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 22.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.12 EPS. Analysts expect that Inogen will post $1.04 EPS for the current year. WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/inogen-inc-ingn-given-buy-rating-at-needham-company-llc.html. In related news, EVP Matt Scribner sold 2,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $73.85, for a total transaction of $184,625.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 4,833 shares in the company, valued at $356,917.05. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Brenton Taylor sold 3,750 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.07, for a total value of $262,762.50. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 31,851 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,231,799.57. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 18,750 shares of company stock valued at $1,435,588 over the last quarter. 5.18% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Inogen during the first quarter valued at approximately $109,000. Victory Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Inogen by 36.1% in the first quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,729 shares of the medical technology company’s stock valued at $134,000 after buying an additional 459 shares during the last quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue boosted its stake in shares of Inogen by 4.1% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 1,790 shares of the medical technology company’s stock valued at $138,000 after buying an additional 70 shares during the last quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA boosted its stake in shares of Inogen by 13.6% in the first quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 3,091 shares of the medical technology company’s stock valued at $240,000 after buying an additional 370 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Guggenheim Capital LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Inogen during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $211,000. Inogen Company Profile Inogen, Inc is a medical technology company. The Company develops, manufactures and markets portable oxygen concentrators used to deliver supplemental long-term oxygen therapy to patients suffering from chronic respiratory conditions. The Company’s Inogen One systems concentrate the air around the patient to offer a single source of supplemental oxygen anytime, anywhere with a portable device. Receive News & Ratings for Inogen Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cineworld Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cineworld Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Maiden Holdings, Ltd. (MHLD) Upgraded by Compass Point to Buy Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) to Post $0.60 Earnings Per Share Cummins Inc. (CMI) Receives $149.46 Consensus PT from Analysts Analysts Set Cineworld Group plc (CINE) Price Target at $695.00 Athersys’ (ATHX) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Maxim Group Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Nuance Communications Inc. (NUAN) Given New $19.00 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus Kornit Digital Ltd (KRNT) Given New $22.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC JD.Com Inc (JD) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Inogen Inc (INGN) Given Buy Rating at Needham & Company LLC Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Has $425,000 Stake in Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Position Cut by MUFG Americas Holdings Corp MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Sells 780 Shares of Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Shares Bought by Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC Johnson Controls International plc Ordinary Share (JCI) Stake Increased by LS Investment Advisors LLC Synopsys, Inc. (SNPS) Shares Sold by LS Investment Advisors LLC LS Investment Advisors LLC Increases Stake in Expedia Inc (EXPE) Masco Corp (MAS) Shares Bought by LS Investment Advisors LLC Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Shares Sold by LS Investment Advisors LLC Analysts Set Cineworld Group plc (CINE) Price Target at $695.00 May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Cineworld Group plc (LON:CINE) has been assigned a consensus rating of “Buy” from the ten analysts that are currently covering the company. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and seven have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1 year price objective among brokers that have covered the stock in the last year is GBX 705 ($9.12). A number of brokerages have issued reports on CINE. Peel Hunt reissued an “add” rating and set a GBX 675 ($8.73) price objective on shares of Cineworld Group plc in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Citigroup Inc reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 785 ($10.15) price objective on shares of Cineworld Group plc in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Barclays PLC reissued an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 720 ($9.31) price objective on shares of Cineworld Group plc in a research report on Monday, March 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price objective on shares of Cineworld Group plc from GBX 700 ($9.05) to GBX 720 ($9.31) and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity boosted their price objective on shares of Cineworld Group plc from GBX 550 ($7.11) to GBX 630 ($8.15) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Analysts Set Cineworld Group plc (CINE) Price Target at $695.00” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/analysts-set-cineworld-group-plc-cine-price-target-at-695-00.html. Shares of Cineworld Group plc (LON:CINE) traded down 1.01% during trading on Monday, reaching GBX 732.50. 568,366 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company’s market cap is GBX 1.96 billion. Cineworld Group plc has a 52-week low of GBX 496.53 and a 52-week high of GBX 744.90. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 681.57 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 609.64. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 22nd. Investors of record on Thursday, May 25th will be paid a GBX 13.80 ($0.18) dividend. This is a boost from Cineworld Group plc’s previous dividend of $5.20. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 25th. This represents a yield of 2.13%. Cineworld Group plc Company Profile Cineworld Group plc is a United Kingdom-based international cinema chain. The Company operates in approximately nine countries. The Company operates through two segments: UK and Ireland, and Central and Eastern Europe and Israel (CEE & I). The Company has approximately 220 cinemas with over 2,010 screens. Receive News & Ratings for Cineworld Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cineworld Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Man Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Man Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Texas Capital Bancshares (TCBI) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.15 Stryker (SYK) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Dana Inc (DAN) SVP Rodney R. Filcek Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Qorvo Inc (QRVO) VP James L. Klein Sells 2,600 Shares of Stock Michael Q. Simonds Sells 5,000 Shares of Unum Group (UNM) Stock Man Group Plc (EMG) Price Target Increased to GBX 177 by Analysts at Liberum Capital Merck & Co.’s (MRK) “Market Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at Cowen and Company ITV plc (ITV) Given “Add” Rating at Numis Securities Ltd Bank of America Corp Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Anadarko Petroleum Co. (APC) Bonanza Creek Energy Inc (BCEI) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. (AGM) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.16 EPS BRT Apartments Corp (BRT) Issues Earnings Results Maiden Holdings, Ltd. (MHLD) Upgraded by Compass Point to Buy Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) to Post $0.60 Earnings Per Share Cummins Inc. (CMI) Receives $149.46 Consensus PT from Analysts Analysts Set Cineworld Group plc (CINE) Price Target at $695.00 Athersys’ (ATHX) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Maxim Group Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Nuance Communications Inc. (NUAN) Given New $19.00 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus Kornit Digital Ltd (KRNT) Given New $22.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC Man Group Plc (EMG) Price Target Increased to GBX 177 by Analysts at Liberum Capital May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Man Group Plc (LON:EMG) had its price target lifted by Liberum Capital from GBX 148 ($1.91) to GBX 177 ($2.29) in a report released on Wednesday morning. Liberum Capital currently has a buy rating on the investment management company’s stock. A number of other equities analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Macquarie reiterated a neutral rating and set a GBX 151 ($1.95) target price on shares of Man Group Plc in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an outperform rating and set a GBX 195 ($2.52) target price on shares of Man Group Plc in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their target price on shares of Man Group Plc from GBX 170 ($2.20) to GBX 175 ($2.26) and gave the stock an overweight rating in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a hold rating and set a GBX 135 ($1.75) target price on shares of Man Group Plc in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. Finally, Shore Capital reiterated a buy rating on shares of Man Group Plc in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of GBX 156.46 ($2.02). Shares of Man Group Plc (LON:EMG) traded up 0.25% on Wednesday, hitting GBX 158.20. 7,813,774 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50-day moving average is GBX 149.20 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 134.04. The stock’s market cap is GBX 2.63 billion. Man Group Plc has a 1-year low of GBX 102.50 and a 1-year high of GBX 158.30. WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/man-group-plc-emg-price-target-increased-to-gbx-177-by-analysts-at-liberum-capital.html. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 20th will be paid a GBX 3.62 ($0.05) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 2.52%. This is an increase from Man Group Plc’s previous dividend of $3.43. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 20th. Man Group Plc Company Profile Man Group plc is the holding company for the Man group of companies and affiliated entities (the Group). The Company operates in the alternative investment management sector. The Company has a geographically diverse investor base. It distributes to private investors through a network of over 4,000 intermediaries, and manages its institutional relationships directly. Receive News & Ratings for Man Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Man Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Wells Fargo management unveils $2 billion in new cost cuts Reuters Dan Freed 16 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Gun industry sees 'Trump bump' in some areas, but not in Calif. Ford execs frustrated about low stock price Wells Fargo management unveiled $2 billion in new cost cuts ahead of presentations at the bank's investor day Thursday as the scandal-hit lender hopes to appeal to skeptical investors on the heels of disappointing first-quarter earnings. Quotes in the article US Bancorp USB ▼ 51.64 -0.33 -0.64% Barclays PLC BCS ▼ 10.60 -0.25 -2.30% Berkshire Hathaway Inc BRK.A ▼ 245,240.00 -609.95 -0.25% Wells Fargo & Co WFC ▼ 53.74 -0.98 -1.79% The third-largest U.S. bank said the savings will be reflected in 2019 earnings and come on top of a previously announced $2 billion target for 2018. The 2018 savings will be reinvested in the business. The new $2 billion figure fell roughly in the middle of analyst expectations. The bank should be able to achieve another $3 billion in savings, Barclays analyst Jason Goldberg wrote in a report last week. Bernstein analyst John McDonald was more cautious, saying $1 billion of savings over the next two to three years would be "challenging, but potentially achievable." While other big U.S. banks have carried out massive layoffs and cost-cutting in recent years, Wells Fargo had until recently been trying to grow aggressively in various businesses, particularly investment banking, and management had defended its cost structure as a necessity to maintain or expand market share. Wells Fargo shares rose just 6 percent over the past six months as of Wednesday's close, lagging gains of 14.1 percent for JPMorgan Chase & Co and 28.7 percent for Bank of America Corp. Shares fell 2.2 percent in early trading on Thursday, compared to declines of less than one percent for JPMorgan and Bank of America. Executives had repeatedly told analysts Wells Fargo would keep its costs at the high end of a range of 55 percent to 59 percent of revenue. But starting in September, the bank became enmeshed in a scandal following revelations that thousands of employees had opened as many as 2.1 million accounts in customers' names without authorization in order to hit sales targets. Load Error Warren Buffett, the chairman of Berkshire Hathaway Inc , on Saturday criticized Wells for failing to stop employees from signing up customers for the accounts even after learning it was happening. Berkshire is Wells' largest shareholder with a 10 percent stake. Costs related to the scandal on items including litigation, compliance and consultants, have drawn more attention to Wells Fargo's expenses. Wells Fargo's costs ate up 63 percent of revenues in the first quarter, something Chief Executive Tim Sloan described as "just not acceptable." Thursday's slide presentation said costs would likely be between 60 percent and 61 percent of revenues in 2018, and that the bank is still targeting a 55 percent to 59 percent range. Management is trying to bolster shareholder support by reforming sales practices at the retail bank and improving financial performance. Analysts said they expected that effort to be on full display on Thursday, when top executives plan to give roughly six hours of presentations at the Four Seasons hotel in San Francisco. "The day should represent a good opportunity for management to refocus market attention to (Wells Fargo's) ongoing fundamentals rather than the remaining noise of last year's account opening scandal," said Sandler O'Neill analyst Scott Siefers.  Related video: Wells Fargo Is Clawing Back More Money From Former Execs (provided by Fortune) Click to expand Replay Video Auto loan fraud on the rise FBN's Liz MacDonald breaks down the costs of auto loan fraud. Fox Business Everything we know about the next iPhone — including a completely new look For months, rumors have been circulating about what Apple will cram into the next iPhone. Here's a round up of everything that might be in the iPhone 8. Business Insider This is the new American Dream As millennial home ownership declines, is the future of real estate to buy or to rent? The Wall Street Journal. SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Wells Fargo Is Clawing Back More Money From Former Execs Fortune See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Auto loan fraud on the rise Fox Business0:35 Everything we know about the next iPhone — including a completely new look Business Insider2:20 This is the new American Dream The Wall Street Journal.2:41 Why Venezuela still looks like this BBC News1:01 Macy's, Sears, Target: The retail industry continues to struggle Fox Business1:04 International travel has changed: What you need to know The Wall Street Journal.2:11 5 things to give up if you want be a millionaire CNBC1:03 Victoria's Secret Angels praise perfect Paris Associated Press1:14 Jobless claims lowest since 1988 Wochit Business0:40 SpaceX successfully tests its biggest rocket so far Newsy0:43 Meet Chuck, the robot helping warehouse fulfillment Bloomberg2:17 Why Snap's shares plunged after first earnings Reuters1:25 The Peanuts characters were just sold Veuer0:30 The net worth of former FBI Director James Comey GOBankingRates0:36 Tesla is taking orders for its premium solar roofs Wochit Tech0:45 Do you hate your chip card? The Wall Street Journal.0:36 UP NEXT Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Brian Molefe to return as chief executive of South Africa's Eskom Reuters BOJ has sufficient tools to withdraw stimulus: senior official Reuters Total's plans for Brazil's new oil frontier snagged on Amazon reef Reuters Reuters View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored This Dell bends 360°. Fold as a tent, tablet, or laptop Top PC picks: For work or play Flip out with JBL’s splash-proof speaker Only $69 for this 8-inch NuVision tablet Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance City Office REIT Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for City Office REIT Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Anticipate City Office REIT Inc (CIO) to Post $0.22 Earnings Per Share DavidsTea Inc (DTEA) Receives $8.50 Average Price Target from Analysts WhiteWave Foods Co (WWAV) Receives $54.78 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set Ubiquiti Networks Inc (UBNT) Target Price at $46.25 Citigroup Inc (C) Receives $63.97 Average Price Target from Analysts Hilltop Holdings Inc. (HTH) Downgraded to Neutral at Piper Jaffray Companies Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Ciner Resources LP (CINR) to Sell General Dynamics Co. (GD) Receives Mkt Perform Rating from Sanford C. Bernstein IDEX Co. (IEX) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research First Data Corp (FDC) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC Fabrinet’s (FN) “Overweight” Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray Companies Bank of Commerce Holdings (BOCH) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Korea Electric Power Co. (KEP) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Credit Suisse Group AG Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Capella Education Company (CPLA) Share Price Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Affect Huntington Ingalls Industries (HII) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Textainer Group Holdings Limited (TGH) Stock Price Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Harvard Bioscience (HBIO) Share Price Enterprise Financial Services Corp (EFSC) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.33 Health Insurance Innovations Inc (HIIQ) CFO Michael D. Hershberger Sells 15,000 Shares Red Rock Resorts Inc (RRR) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Brokerages Anticipate City Office REIT Inc (CIO) to Post $0.22 Earnings Per Share May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities analysts predict that City Office REIT Inc (NYSE:CIO) will post $0.22 earnings per share for the current quarter, Zacks reports. Three analysts have made estimates for City Office REIT’s earnings. The highest EPS estimate is $0.25 and the lowest is $0.20. City Office REIT also posted earnings of $0.22 per share in the same quarter last year. The business is scheduled to report its next quarterly earnings results on Thursday, August 3rd. According to Zacks, analysts expect that City Office REIT will report full-year earnings of $0.97 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $0.92 to $1.03. For the next year, analysts forecast that the firm will report earnings of $1.06 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.02 to $1.11. Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share calculations are an average based on a survey of research firms that follow City Office REIT. City Office REIT (NYSE:CIO) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday, May 5th. The real estate investment trust reported ($0.11) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.22 by $0.33. The business had revenue of $25.40 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24.54 million. City Office REIT had a return on equity of 0.79% and a net margin of 1.33%. The company’s revenue was up 55.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.32 earnings per share. A number of analysts recently issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded City Office REIT from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. assumed coverage on City Office REIT in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. They issued a “market perform” rating for the company. TheStreet downgraded City Office REIT from a “c-” rating to a “d” rating in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG lowered their price target on City Office REIT from $15.50 to $14.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $14.50. In other City Office REIT news, CEO James Thomas Farrar bought 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $11.55 per share, for a total transaction of $115,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 184,789 shares in the company, valued at $2,134,312.95. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, Director Mark Wilhelm Murski bought 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $12.01 per share, with a total value of $60,050.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 9,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $108,090. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have bought 19,000 shares of company stock valued at $223,250. Corporate insiders own 8.60% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Principal Financial Group Inc. increased its stake in City Office REIT by 28.6% in the first quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 987,936 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $12,003,000 after buying an additional 220,000 shares during the last quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. increased its stake in City Office REIT by 4.2% in the first quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 52,944 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $638,000 after buying an additional 2,114 shares during the last quarter. American International Group Inc. increased its stake in City Office REIT by 43.6% in the first quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 15,518 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $189,000 after buying an additional 4,710 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in City Office REIT by 50.9% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,594 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $214,000 after buying an additional 5,933 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. increased its stake in City Office REIT by 60.5% in the first quarter. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. now owns 19,900 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $242,000 after buying an additional 7,500 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 36.86% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Brokerages Anticipate City Office REIT Inc (CIO) to Post $0.22 Earnings Per Share” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/brokerages-anticipate-city-office-reit-inc-cio-to-post-0-22-earnings-per-share.html. City Office REIT (NYSE:CIO) traded down 1.22% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $12.12. 108,986 shares of the company were exchanged. City Office REIT has a 52 week low of $11.12 and a 52 week high of $13.93. The firm has a market capitalization of $366.71 million, a PE ratio of 252.50 and a beta of 0.18. The company has a 50-day moving average of $12.28 and a 200 day moving average of $12.55. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, April 11th were given a dividend of $0.235 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Friday, April 7th. This represents a $0.94 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 7.76%. City Office REIT’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is -335.70%. City Office REIT Company Profile City Office REIT, Inc is a real estate investment trust. The Company is focused on acquiring, owning and operating office properties located primarily in metropolitan areas in the Southern and Western United States. It conducts its operations primarily through City Office REIT Operating Partnership, L.P. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on City Office REIT (CIO) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for City Office REIT Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for City Office REIT Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fabrinet - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fabrinet with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hilltop Holdings Inc. (HTH) Downgraded to Neutral at Piper Jaffray Companies Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Ciner Resources LP (CINR) to Sell General Dynamics Co. (GD) Receives Mkt Perform Rating from Sanford C. Bernstein IDEX Co. (IEX) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research First Data Corp (FDC) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC Fabrinet’s (FN) “Overweight” Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray Companies Bank of Commerce Holdings (BOCH) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Korea Electric Power Co. (KEP) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Credit Suisse Group AG Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Capella Education Company (CPLA) Share Price Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Affect Huntington Ingalls Industries (HII) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Textainer Group Holdings Limited (TGH) Stock Price Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Harvard Bioscience (HBIO) Share Price Enterprise Financial Services Corp (EFSC) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.33 Health Insurance Innovations Inc (HIIQ) CFO Michael D. Hershberger Sells 15,000 Shares Red Rock Resorts Inc (RRR) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research TESARO Inc (TSRO) Price Target Lowered to $200.00 at FBR & Co Altria Group Inc (MO) Director Dinyar S. Devitre Sells 4,285 Shares Tableau Software Inc (DATA) Insider Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares Sports Direct Intl (SDISY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Progressive Corp (PGR) Price Target Raised to $36.00 at FBR & Co Fabrinet’s (FN) “Overweight” Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray Companies May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Piper Jaffray Companies reissued their overweight rating on shares of Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) in a research report released on Wednesday morning. Several other analysts also recently commented on the stock. B. Riley reissued a buy rating and set a $44.75 price objective on shares of Fabrinet in a research report on Tuesday. Needham & Company LLC reissued a strong-buy rating and set a $56.00 price objective on shares of Fabrinet in a research report on Tuesday. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Fabrinet from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Stifel Nicolaus increased their price objective on shares of Fabrinet from $50.00 to $52.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $50.00 price objective on shares of Fabrinet and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. Fabrinet presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $51.29. Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) traded down 0.85% on Wednesday, hitting $36.25. 477,422 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $38.53 and a 200-day moving average price of $40.56. The stock has a market cap of $1.35 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.24 and a beta of 1.50. Fabrinet has a 52-week low of $31.59 and a 52-week high of $49.63. Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) last released its earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The technology company reported $0.57 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.74 by $0.17. The business had revenue of $366.80 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $362.07 million. Fabrinet had a return on equity of 15.24% and a net margin of 7.32%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 46.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.56 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Fabrinet will post $3.37 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Fabrinet’s (FN) “Overweight” Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray Companies” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/fabrinets-fn-overweight-rating-reaffirmed-at-piper-jaffray-companies.html. In related news, CEO David T. Mitchell sold 75,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $41.33, for a total transaction of $3,099,750.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Insiders have sold a total of 225,000 shares of company stock worth $8,815,500 over the last three months. 4.30% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. FMR LLC boosted its position in Fabrinet by 23.9% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 2,322,831 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $93,610,000 after buying an additional 448,000 shares in the last quarter. Congress Asset Management Co. MA bought a new position in Fabrinet during the first quarter valued at about $58,716,000. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its position in Fabrinet by 17.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,018,297 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $45,406,000 after buying an additional 154,790 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its position in Fabrinet by 7.1% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 748,985 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $30,178,000 after buying an additional 49,708 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Quentec Asset Management LLC boosted its position in Fabrinet by 25.5% in the third quarter. Quentec Asset Management LLC now owns 722,925 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $32,235,000 after buying an additional 146,946 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 90.98% of the company’s stock. About Fabrinet Fabrinet provides optical packaging and precision optical, electro-mechanical and electronic manufacturing services to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of products, such as optical communication components, modules and sub-systems, industrial lasers, medical devices and sensors. The Company offers a range of optical and electro-mechanical capabilities across the manufacturing process, including process design and engineering, supply chain management, manufacturing, complex printed circuit board assembly, advanced packaging, integration, final assembly and test. Receive News & Ratings for Fabrinet Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fabrinet and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video CHP: Hwy. 101 shooting in Healdsburg followed food truck dispute Contra Costa County grand jury says DA should be fired Palo Alto police searching for man spotted naked by mom in bushes With ridership down, complaints up, BART to look at homeless News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Governors to Amtrak: Private operator sought at Penn Station Asian stocks mostly lower as Trump uncertainty weighs It's a rap: Eminem lawsuit against New Zealand party ends China, US reach agreement on beef, poultry and natural gas Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Giants fail to build on New York win, fall to Reds again Warriors to face Spurs in Western Conference finals Spurs crush James Harden, Rockets to win series Cal rugby family ‘struggling’ over Robert Paylor’s Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs SF to Uber: Provide driver info — it’s the law Uber suffers bloody nose in its fight to conquer Europe PG&E’s rate hike approved by regulators Trump orders review of government cybersecurity A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do In “Snatched,” Amy Schumer grabs at film comedy stardom The latest from Dear Abby Getting high after death of a son in ‘One Week and a Day’ Liman’s ‘The Wall’ is a satisfying minimalist war movie Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Thousands of baby salmon die in hatchery mishap 'Avocado hand' is sending people to the ER because people don't Melissa Reitz crafts a 3-star menu at Locanda Beyond SF and St. Helena: Upscale restaurants in the Bay Area's Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Bald eagles photographed building their family for a year in Mother-daughter look-alikes: Share your photos People hate Dove's new ad campaign, despite well-meaning message Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Westin Nanea Ocean Villas offer memories of Hawaii’s royal past New and renovated SF hotels ready for summer season Hangzhou: Dynamic city steeped in ancient mystique Pint-size carry-ons that fit new budget fare limits Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Kentfield estate enjoys sunny pool deck, idyllic locale Super-cute cottage with bonus ‘yoga room’ tucked away Russian Hill view home includes guest apartment Bush Street shipping container loft conversion sells for $5.25M Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Busting through job search fears Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.thewrap.com/mgm-raises-2-1-billion-to-finance-epix-deal-grow-company/ MGM Borrows $2.1 Billion to Finance Epix Deal, Grow Company The mini-major studio closed its deal to acquire the premium cable network Thursday Matt Pressberg, provided by Published 12:59 pm, Thursday, May 11, 2017 Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 MGM Borrows $2.1 Billion to Finance Epix Deal, Grow Company 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer has raised $2.1 billion in new debt that will allow the company to finance its $1 billion purchase of premium cable network Epix and pursue other growth opportunities, the company announced Thursday. The new debt package arranged by J.P. Morgan Chase with a syndicate of lenders includes a $1 billion five-year revolving credit facility (which comes with another optional $250 million in available financing) and a new $850 million five-year term loan. The financing, which the company said was oversubscribed by 50 percent, lowers the company’s borrowing costs and allows it to pursue its “strategic growth initiatives.” Latest entertainment videos It also provides MGM with the necessary funding for its $1 billion acquisition of the 80.9 percent of Epix the studio did not previously own, which was formerly held by Viacom and Lionsgate.  That deal also closed Thursday, giving MGM sole control of Epix’ four linear TV channels, which are available through traditional and digital distributors. Epix’s movie library has a combined gross of $4 billion, and the channel also airs original series such as the Golden Globe-nominated “Graves.” Also Read: MGM to Buy Premium Cable Network Epix in $1 Billion Deal “The speed of execution, favorable terms and flexible structure of our credit facility, which was substantially oversubscribed, is indicative of MGM’s solid financial position and strong relationships with the financial community,” Gary Barber, MGM’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, said in a statement. “I would like to thank all of our lenders for their tremendous support of MGM and our acquisition of Epix. This transformative transaction is an important milestone in the continued growth trajectory of MGM.” “The overwhelming support from MGM’s financing syndicate is a testament to the quality of MGM’s management team and strategy,” David Shaheen, Head of J.P. Morgan’s Entertainment banking team, said in the statement. “This transaction builds on the continued success the company has achieved over the last several years.” Read original story MGM Borrows $2.1 Billion to Finance Epix Deal, Grow Company At TheWrap Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA Jerry Brown withholds $50M from UC in wake of audit Jerry Brown: California’s boom times could soon end LATEST NEWS CHP: Hwy. 101 shooting followed food truck dispute Will Raiders’ move to Vegas be delayed until 2021? Palo Alto police search for man spotted naked in bushes Contra Costa County grand jury: DA should be fired 6 arrested in SF Silver Terrace shooting Fyre Festival founder tells employees they won't be paid Anti-Semitic incidents raise concerns at E. Bay school Alleged carjacker foiled by rush-hour gridlock Trump's bodyguard delivered Comey's termination letter Analysis: Trump decimated White House's Comey narrative Trump tweets at Rosie O'Donnell about Comey Opinion: Jeff Sessions is in deep trouble 'Avocado hand' is sending people to the ER Avocado prices have doubled in the last year Despite some respectable ratings, these shows got the ax Hilarity looks effortless in Aziz Ansari’s ‘Master of None’ Launch mode for world-class whitewater Winter water a blessing for fish, wildlife TODAY'S TOP PICKS UCSF psychiatrist, 2nd man arrested in child-porn investigation Upscale restaurants in the Bay Area's suburbs worth the splurge The real reason Trader Joe's is so cheap Most Popular 1 'Avocado hand' is sending people to the ER because people... 2 UCSF psychiatrist, 2nd man face charges of having child porn 3 Anti-Semitic incidents raise concerns at another E. Bay high... 4 Opinion: Jeff Sessions is in deep trouble, and here's why 5 Jerry Brown withholds $50M from UC in wake of audit 6 With ridership down, complaints up, BART to look at homeless... 7 The real reason Trader Joe's is so cheap 8 Steph Curry signs sneakers of girl who died in basketball game 9 Analysis: President Trump just decimated the White House's... 10 Beyond SF and St. Helena: Upscale restaurants in the Bay... LATEST NEWS CHP: Hwy. 101 shooting followed food truck dispute Will Raiders’ move to Vegas be delayed until 2021? Palo Alto police search for man spotted naked in bushes Contra Costa County grand jury: DA should be fired 6 arrested in SF Silver Terrace shooting Fyre Festival founder tells employees they won't be paid Anti-Semitic incidents raise concerns at E. Bay school Alleged carjacker foiled by rush-hour gridlock Twitter trolls Spicer for hiding in bushes after Comey gets... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Green Flower Media CEO Explains Why Cannabis Education Is Key To Improving People's Lives Javier Hasse , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 11, 2017 3:42pm   Comments Share: Related JPM Breaking Down Tech, Bank And Retail Sectors Apple Is The World's Biggest Dividend Payer Mario Gabelli Comments on JPMorgan Chase & Co. (GuruFocus) Green Flower Media is the world’s largest platform for trusted cannabis education, information and guidance. Last weekend, the firm hosted its 2017 Cannabis Health Summit, featuring over 30 marijuana doctors, experts, celebrities, scientists and opinion leaders, including activist Steve DeAnglelo, former NFL players Eugene Monroe and Eben Britton, UFC Heavyweight Champion Bas Rutten and New York Times bestselling author Gay Hendricks. The event made large waves in the cannabis industry — and was even dubbed “the TED Talks of Cannabis,” so we decided to reach out to Green Flower’s founder and CEO Max Simon, to find out what all the fuzz is about. “Everyone’s aware of the cannabis boom that is happening right now, where states are legalizing and making marijuana more accessible, but the problem is that very few people around the world (including people inside of the industry) really know anything about the plant,” Simon explained. “Doctors can’t tell you how it works for different ailments and conditions; consumers don’t really understand all these new delivery methods; and people are really confused by how do they interact with the plant in the way that provides the value to their life that they are seeking.” So, Green Flower Media came to be as a way to solve these problems. What they do is connect with the globe’s top doctors, scientists, researchers, thought-leaders, cannabis practitioners and other people working with the plant every day and help them “translate their knowledge and expertise into online classes, online videos and online events that give people step-by-step instructions on how to really use the plant to improve the quality of their life.” The Challenges In The Cannabis Industry Benzinga: Why do you think marijuana legalization was so challenging on a federal level. Do you have any personal experiences to share? Did you face similar hurdles with Green Flower Media? Simon: Green Flower Media is 100 percent an educational media company, which means that we do not touch the plant, distribute the plant, sell the plant, or interact with the plant in any way, shape or form. That translates into meaning on, both a state and a federal level, there is nothing we do ever that is at all in question of infringing upon state or federal laws. However, at the same time, Chase Bank — JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) — who approved us fully, transparently as a merchant service to process our transactions online for our educational media, randomly decided to shut us down as a merchant citing reputational risk. After digging through layers of customer support, staff and managers, I finally got to somebody who was honest with me and just said ‘it’s just because your content type is about cannabis.’ So, this is affecting everybody in the industry, at every level. When people hear cannabis or marijuana, because of the decades of propaganda that has been created, we immediately assume that this is some illegal, underground, shady operation. So, part of what our mission at Green Flower is to use technology and the world’s top experts to distribute factual, scientific, up-to-date information. Breaking The Stigma As one might expect, Green Flower Media received hundreds of personal stories every month: people using cannabis to deal with sleep disorders, epilepsy, depression, etc. Among these patients, Green Flower picked one to present at the Health Summit. It was a 17-year-old boy from Colorado who used cannabis to treat his Crohn’s disease. “[Coltyn] was going so negatively downhill from his Crohn’s disease that his doctors said they thought he had six more months to live,” Simon shared. At that time, the doctors suggested he should consider alternative therapies since conventional methods were not helping. That’s when Coltyn came across cannabis, ultimately finding a way to use the plant that was “really transformational.” “This 17-year-old kid told his story in front of a global audience about how he went from almost being on his deathbed to going into 100 percent remission from his Crohn’s disease with nothing but cannabis oil,” the CEO continued. “To watch a 17-year-old kid share that story and tell you his own direct experience, was impactful and educational.” “What people don’t understand is that there is a tremendous amount of ways to give cannabis to anybody that doesn’t get him or her high,” he responded when asked questioned about getting a minor “high.” The Q&A Benzinga pushed Simon with some tougher questions. Keep in mind, these do not reflect Benzinga's views, nor are they based on lack of knowledge, but rather seek to address concerns that readers have voiced in the past. Benzinga: You said that, if you don’t want to get a kid high, but you want to treat him with cannabis, there are options. But, how can you ensure this kid will not transition to recreational cannabis as a minor? In other words, how can you make sure that a 17-year-old kid treating himself (or is being treated) with cannabis will not become a “pothead” within the next year?  Simon: Let’s put things in perspective for a moment. If your kid is withering away from Crohn’s disease, or suffering from epilepsy, or has cancer or has any of these very debilitating conditions, we will always default to this concept of not wanting to get people high when we are neglecting the fact that these children’s state of being right now is in a space of suffering. So, is it worse to go through a process that at the worst-case scenario might make the kid feel a little euphoric but could potentially lead to the reversal or healing of these debilitating life challenges? Or, because we can be so afraid of this idea of psychoactivity or a kid being high, which only comes from a stigma, avoid this path at all? That doesn’t totally address your question of what to do to prevent a kid from being a pothead later, because the data actually doesn’t show that most people progress to these debilitating ways of using the plant. I think I’m trying to drive the point home that the only reason we’re so worried as a society about this idea of anybody getting high is because we have been so programmed to believe that what that means is life destructive, when in reality (and what the science tells us is that) sometimes when somebody is going down a spiral of terrible health the psychoactivity can get them to eat again, to sleep again, to feel more optimistic about their life, to approach their healing condition with a more positive attitude, which outside of the actually healing properties of the plant should not be demonized in the way that people have been thought to be so negative. More From Benzinga: Montel Williams Talks About His Cannabis Company And Its Emphasis On Patients Why Hemp Could Be The Future Of Plastics Posted-In: Education Emerging Markets Health Care Topics Top Stories Exclusives Markets Interview Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (ACBFF + APHQF) Sen. Daylin Leach Talks Cannabis Bill 528: Adult Use And Economic, Societal Profit Pennsylvania Sen. Daylin Leach Talks Marijuana Legalization: Prohibition Is A Cruel, Heartless Policy Cannabis Industry Has Already Raised Over $730 Million In 2017 Why Hemp Could Be The Future Of Plastics Weed Vs. Opioids: Nontraditional And Traditional Biotech Take On Wall Street, But Who's Winning? IAnthus CEO Talks About Raising Capital For U.S. Cannabis Companies In Canadian Markets – And Marijuana Stocks To Watch View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on JPM Trending Recent 1 SSNI, CROX: 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 2 SGMO, MZOR: 20 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 3 IBM, GOOGL: Bull & Bear Takeaways From Nvidia's Q1 Beat 4 WFM, NVDA: 12 Stocks To Watch For May 10, 2017 5 FOXA, SYMC: Earnings Scheduled For May 10, 2017 6 INTC, NVDA: Nvidia Looks Like The... 7 SPY, XLF: Seth Merrin T... 1 XLV, IBB: Senate Needs To Move Fast On Healthcare Before Overhauling Tax Code 2 How Average Investors Can Succeed In Today's Market 3 ANF, AEO: Why Would Anyone Buy Abercrombie? 4 FB, NFLX: How Netflix Defied Cannes Tradition, Miffed Cinephiles A... 5 VZ, LPSN: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Crude Oil Up 1.25%;... 6 DIS: Analysts View Disney As A 2018 Story – Sell... 7 SPY, TLT: Catalyst Funds CEO Talks Converting A... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Senate Needs To Move Fast On Healthcare Before Overhauling Tax Code
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance EXCLUSIVE: Barclays rejigs global investment banking team, seeks new hires - sources EXCLUSIVE: Barclays rejigs global investment banking team, seeks new hires - sources Source : Last Updated: Thu, May 11, 2017 22:43 hrs By Anjuli Davies and Lawrence White LONDON (Reuters) - Barclays reshuffled its senior global investment bank management on Thursday and is seeking to hire between 50 to 100 people to boost the division under new chief Tim Throsby, according to sources with direct knowledge of the plans. Throsby will become interim head of the bank's markets division while Joe Corcoran, who previously held the role, will move to the newly created position of vice chairman of markets, the sources said as the bank looks to take on Wall Street rivals. Joe McGrath will be the new global head of banking at Barclays and John Miller will become the head of global industry coverage banking, reporting to McGrath. A spokesman for Barclays confirmed the changes. CEO Jes Staley has stressed that investment banking is a key pillar of the bank's growth strategy and in September appointed former JPMorgan colleague Throsby to head the international division that houses Barclays' investment bank. The British bank worried investors in April when first quarter results showed a weak performance at its markets business, missing out on a bond trading boom enjoyed by Wall Street rivals in the first three months of 2017. Staley attributed the poor showing to weakness in the bank's U.S. rates business and a tough comparison with the previous year, saying it would be wrong to start questioning the business based on one quarter's performance. Since taking up his role in January, 50-year-old Australian Throsby has stressed that the investment bank is trying to shift the business from survival mode to flourish mode, according to a person familiar with the matter. As part of Throsby's bid to beef up the investment bank he is looking to hire between 50 and 100 people globally and will focus on key areas such as rates trading, foreign exchange and also equities, according to the same source who spoke on condition of anonymity. In Barclays' trading division, income from its markets business fell 4 percent to 1.35 billion pounds ($1.75 billion) in the first three months of the year, as macro income fell 14 percent due to a weaker performance by its U.S. rates business in particular. Barclays fared better in advisory and underwriting, reporting its best ever performance in debt capital markets in terms of market share. Banking fees jumped 51 percent to 726 million pounds, its best performance in three years, outperforming an average 33 percent rise across the U.S. banks. The bank, which hopes to turn a chapter on its restructuring plans in June with the closure of its non-core business, is hoping to compete with Wall Street rivals and in order to do so is looking for senior level hires, particularly in sales and trading on a case-by-case basis. One such position immediately up for grabs is head of Europe and Middle East banking, for which McGrath will recruit both internally and externally, one of the sources said. Jean-Francois Astier will head the bank's global capital markets business. Sam Dean, head of corporate finance for Europe, will retire from the firm as part of the changes, according to the sources. (Reporting By Anjuli Davies and Lawrence White; Editing by Rachel Armstrong) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 27010.00 (-0.3%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27660.00 (-0.36%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 27500.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 27550.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 26800.00 (-0.37%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26650.99 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 27090.00 (-0.07%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine U.S. Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Africa & Mideast Home» Report on Business» International Business The Barclays logo is seen on the top of a branch in Madrid, Spain, on March 22, 2016. (Sergio Perez/REUTERS) The Barclays logo is seen on the top of a branch in Madrid, Spain, on March 22, 2016. (Sergio Perez/REUTERS) Barclays rejigs global investment banking team, seeks new hires: sources Add to ... Anjuli Davies and Lawrence White LONDON — Reuters Published Thursday, May 11, 2017 2:57PM EDT Last updated Thursday, May 11, 2017 3:00PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Barclays reshuffled its senior global investment bank management on Thursday and is seeking to hire between 50 to 100 people to boost the division under new chief Tim Throsby, according to sources with direct knowledge of the plans. Throsby will become interim head of the bank’s markets division while Joe Corcoran, who previously held the role, will move to the newly created position of vice chairman of markets, the sources said as the bank looks to take on Wall Street rivals. Joe McGrath will be the new global head of banking at Barclays and John Miller will become the head of global industry coverage banking, reporting to McGrath. A spokesman for Barclays confirmed the changes. CEO Jes Staley has stressed that investment banking is a key pillar of the bank’s growth strategy and in September appointed former JPMorgan colleague Throsby to head the international division that houses Barclays’ investment bank. The British bank worried investors in April when first quarter results showed a weak performance at its markets business, missing out on a bond trading boom enjoyed by Wall Street rivals in the first three months of 2017. Staley attributed the poor showing to weakness in the bank’s U.S. rates business and a tough comparison with the previous year, saying it would be wrong to start questioning the business based on one quarter’s performance. Since taking up his role in January, 50-year-old Australian Throsby has stressed that the investment bank is trying to shift the business from survival mode to flourish mode, according to a person familiar with the matter. As part of Throsby’s bid to beef up the investment bank he is looking to hire between 50 and 100 people globally and will focus on key areas such as rates trading, foreign exchange and also equities, according to the same source who spoke on condition of anonymity. In Barclays’ trading division, income from its markets business fell 4 per cent to £1.35-billion ($2.38-billion) in the first three months of the year, as macro income fell 14 per cent due to a weaker performance by its U.S. rates business in particular. Barclays fared better in advisory and underwriting, reporting its best ever performance in debt capital markets in terms of market share. Banking fees jumped 51 per cent to £726-million, its best performance in three years, outperforming an average 33-per-cent rise across the U.S. banks. The bank, which hopes to turn a chapter on its restructuring plans in June with the closure of its non-core business, is hoping to compete with Wall Street rivals and in order to do so is looking for senior level hires, particularly in sales and trading on a case-by-case basis. One such position immediately up for grabs is head of Europe and Middle East banking, for which McGrath will recruit both internally and externally, one of the sources said. Jean-Francois Astier will head the bank’s global capital markets business. Sam Dean, head of corporate finance for Europe, will retire from the firm as part of the changes, according to the sources. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Trump promises to roll back bank regulations (The Associated Press)   BCS-NBarclays PLC Latest Price$10.60 0.00 (0.00%) Updated May 11 4:03 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Streetwise Barclays extends Canadian coverage by landing veteran Credit Suisse financier Barclays reprimands chief executive for trying to identify whistleblower Moody’s downgrades credit ratings for six Canadian banks Topics Banking Barclays plc Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever News College students turn their backs on DeVos at graduation News Man believed to be 147 years old laid to rest in Indonesia Report on Business Yield Hog: Restaurant royalty stocks can give you some juicy yields Globe Drive Move over Ferrari, McLaren is here to take your supercar crown Report on Business Money Monitor: Tax-efficient planning tips for retirement Sports College pitcher excels despite having one hand News Tillerson's delicate dance at Arctic climate talks News Voters bring health care heat to Congressmen Report on Business Gen Y Money: Should a GIC be on my radar? News Justin Trudeau tours flood zone in Gatineau, Quebec News Acting FBI chief faces congressional panel amid Comey fallout ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Streetwise newsletter: Hydro One stock sale hits a wall; Real Matters stock flat in long-awaited IPO Arts John Doyle: How Trump’s TV obsession explains it all Most popular May 12: Your daily horoscope Metrolinx strikes light-rail deal with Alstom, bypassing Bombardier Aimia shares plunge as Air Canada plans to launch own loyalty program Prepare for all-out war among loyalty programs for your business Globe editorial: With FBI firing, Donald Trump has crossed a line X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance SAGE Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SAGE Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FY2020 EPS Estimates for SAGE Therapeutics Inc Increased by Analyst (SAGE) FY2020 EPS Estimates for Endo International plc – (ENDP) Raised by Gabelli Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Ferroglobe PLC (GSM) Will Post Earnings of -$0.09 Per Share Analysts Set Ophir Energy Plc (OPHR) PT at $96.10 Relx PLC (REL) Receives GBX 1,609.56 Average Target Price from Analysts Petra Diamonds Limited (PDL) Receives GBX 170 Average Target Price from Brokerages Deutsche Bank AG (DB) Receives $16.40 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Brokerages Anticipate CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Will Announce Earnings of $0.27 Per Share National Health Investors Inc (NHI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Monroe Capital Corp (MRCC) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nissan Chemical Industries, Ltd. (NNCHY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Natera Inc (NTRA) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) Shares Sold by Princeton Alpha Management LP Checchi Capital Advisers LLC Sells 24 Shares of Ventas, Inc. (VTR) UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) Shares Sold by Princeton Alpha Management LP Buffington Mohr McNeal Acquires 1,725 Shares of Waters Co. (WAT) Vulcan Materials Company (VMC) Position Decreased by Davis R M Inc. Cobblestone Capital Advisors LLC NY Has $8.256 Million Position in Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA) Karpas Strategies LLC Sells 2,450 Shares of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA) FY2020 EPS Estimates for SAGE Therapeutics Inc Increased by Analyst (SAGE) May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet SAGE Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:SAGE) – Stock analysts at SunTrust Banks boosted their FY2020 earnings per share estimates for SAGE Therapeutics in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. SunTrust Banks analyst E. Nash now expects that the biopharmaceutical company will earn $4.17 per share for the year, up from their previous estimate of $3.95. SunTrust Banks also issued estimates for SAGE Therapeutics’ FY2021 earnings at $9.67 EPS. A number of other equities research analysts have also issued reports on SAGE. Canaccord Genuity set a $110.00 price target on shares of SAGE Therapeutics and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $83.00 price target on shares of SAGE Therapeutics in a report on Monday, April 3rd. HC Wainwright lowered shares of SAGE Therapeutics from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and raised their price target for the stock from $56.00 to $76.00 in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. BMO Capital Markets raised their price target on shares of SAGE Therapeutics from $68.00 to $82.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Chardan Capital raised shares of SAGE Therapeutics from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $60.00 price target on the stock in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. SAGE Therapeutics presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $78.09. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “FY2020 EPS Estimates for SAGE Therapeutics Inc Increased by Analyst (SAGE)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/fy2020-eps-estimates-for-sage-therapeutics-inc-increased-by-analyst-sage.html. Shares of SAGE Therapeutics (NASDAQ:SAGE) traded up 2.946% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $68.325. 358,200 shares of the company traded hands. The stock’s market capitalization is $2.55 billion. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $69.39 and its 200-day moving average price is $57.33. SAGE Therapeutics has a 1-year low of $26.55 and a 1-year high of $75.49. SAGE Therapeutics (NASDAQ:SAGE) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.52) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of ($1.61) by $0.09. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. bought a new stake in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the first quarter worth $180,000. Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd bought a new stake in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the first quarter worth $202,000. Neuberger Berman Group LLC bought a new stake in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the first quarter worth $213,000. Keybank National Association OH bought a new stake in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the first quarter worth $244,000. Finally, Janney Montgomery Scott LLC bought a new stake in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the first quarter worth $256,000. 99.92% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About SAGE Therapeutics SAGE Therapeutics, Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in developing and commercializing medicines to treat central nervous system (CNS) disorders. The Company’s lead product candidate, SAGE-547 is an intravenous formulation of allopregnanolone, a neurosteroid that acts as a synaptic and extrasynaptic modulator of the Gamma-Amino Butyric Acid-A (GABAA) receptor. Receive News & Ratings for SAGE Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SAGE Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Friday, May 12, 2017Switch to हिन्दी SportsTracker From aerodynamics to tyres, all F1 rule changes for 2017 season explained Front Page Politics Kapil Mishra's mother writes to Kejriwal, accuses him of spreading lies against sacked Delhi minister Opposition joining hands on presidential poll issue to fight for their own existence, says Kailash Vijayvargiya EC's all-party meet on EVMs begins: Poll panel to reassure parties that voting machines can't be tampered with EC holds all-party meet to decide on EVMs: Here's why Congress, Opposition parties may lose out BJP to launch 'sanvad yatra' in Maharashtra from 25 May Congress, Shiv Sena hold protests in Jammu against ceasefire violations by Pakistan Sports Premier League: Antonio Conte brushes aside Inter Milan rumours as Chelsea eye title Europa League: Manchester United's foray into final shows they have rediscovered European pedigree IPL 2017: Wriddhiman Saha’s power-hitting, KXIP's spin attack clinch thriller against MI Madrid Masters: Andy Murray bows out as Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic march on In uncertain H1-B times, US firm targets Indians with EB5 - the 'Golden Visa' Europa League: Peter Bosz’s Ajax have gone a long way in restoring proud heritage of Johan Cruyff’s club India India's first uterine transplant to take place on 18 May: Baroda woman to receive womb from mother Opposition joining hands on presidential poll issue to fight for their own existence, says Kailash Vijayvargiya Madhya Pradesh Class X 2017 board exam results declared: You can check your grades on www.mpbse.nic.in After triple talaq hearings, Supreme Court to hear plea against making Aadhaar card mandatory for availing schemes EC holds all-party meet to decide on EVMs: Here's why Congress, Opposition parties may lose out Narendra Modi meets Sri Lankan President Maithripala Sirisena, discusses bilateral ties World Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif to travel to China to attend One Belt One Road Conference UK opposition Labour party's manifesto leaked to media, proposes nationalisation of Railways, Royal Mail Sri Lanka rejects China's request to dock submarine in Colombo: Strategic realignment or a one-off? After Donald Trump's NBC interview, White House says former FBI chief James Comey was 'not up to the task' Donald Trump denies he's against legal immigration, says he wants to put a 'merit-based' system in place H1-B: Trump says he wants to stop illegal immigration, move to merit-based system Business 4.500 Maharashtra petrol pumps to remain shut Sundays, one-shift on weekdays Arvind Subramanian slams rating agencies for 'poor standards': Full text of his speech In uncertain H1-B times, US firm targets Indians with EB5 - the 'Golden Visa' Employee 'layoffs': Cognizant seeks 2 weeks from Telangana to reply to IT staff forum's charges Arvind Subramanian tells experts: Don't fall over backwards to justify official lines Sensex, Nifty rally continues on robust fund inflows, macro data hopes Life Mother's Day: Try your hand at these dishes, to give your mom the feast that she deserves Indian-origin scientist develops artificial bone tissues, may help simplify transplant procedure Space travel may reduce astronauts' exercise capacity due to change in cardiovascular function Bill Clinton, James Patterson co-writing a thriller called 'The President is Missing' On Rabindra Jayanti, a plea for recovering our civilisational inheritance Fossils suggest hominids may have lived alongside modern humans: New research Entertainment Udhayanidhi Stalin: I try to avoid sexism in my films Meri Pyaari Bindu LIVE movie review: Parineeti Chopra, Ayushmann Khurrana in a charming romcom Sushant Singh Rajput teams up with Udta Punjab director Abhishek Chaubey for dacoit film After Baahubali 2: The Conclusion, Dangal to be next Indian film to cross Rs 1000 cr worldwide? Watch: Shah Rukh Khan's full TED Talk is witty yet simple, just like the superstar Sarkar 3 movie review: Amitabh Bachchan-Ram Gopal Varma magic goes missing Photos Videos TECH2 हिंदी IPL 2017 Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News EXCLUSIVE: Barclays rejigs global investment banking team, seeks new hires - sources | Reuters EXCLUSIVE: Barclays rejigs global investment banking team, seeks new hires - sources | Reuters FwireReutersMay, 11 2017 23:30:11 IST #Reuters By Anjuli Davies and Lawrence White | LONDON LONDON Barclays reshuffled its senior global investment bank management on Thursday and is seeking to hire between 50 to 100 people to boost the division under new chief Tim Throsby, according to sources with direct knowledge of the plans.Throsby will become interim head of the bank's markets division while Joe Corcoran, who previously held the role, will move to the newly created position of vice chairman of markets, the sources said as the bank looks to take on Wall Street rivals. Joe McGrath will be the new global head of banking at Barclays and John Miller will become the head of global industry coverage banking, reporting to McGrath.A spokesman for Barclays confirmed the changes.CEO Jes Staley has stressed that investment banking is a key pillar of the bank's growth strategy and in September appointed former JPMorgan colleague Throsby to head the international division that houses Barclays' investment bank. The British bank worried investors in April when first quarter results showed a weak performance at its markets business, missing out on a bond trading boom enjoyed by Wall Street rivals in the first three months of 2017.Staley attributed the poor showing to weakness in the bank's U.S. rates business and a tough comparison with the previous year, saying it would be wrong to start questioning the business based on one quarter's performance.Since taking up his role in January, 50-year-old Australian Throsby has stressed that the investment bank is trying to shift the business from survival mode to flourish mode, according to a person familiar with the matter. As part of Throsby's bid to beef up the investment bank he is looking to hire between 50 and 100 people globally and will focus on key areas such as rates trading, foreign exchange and also equities, according to the same source who spoke on condition of anonymity. In Barclays' trading division, income from its markets business fell 4 percent to 1.35 billion pounds ($1.75 billion) in the first three months of the year, as macro income fell 14 percent due to a weaker performance by its U.S. rates business in particular.Barclays fared better in advisory and underwriting, reporting its best ever performance in debt capital markets in terms of market share. Banking fees jumped 51 percent to 726 million pounds, its best performance in three years, outperforming an average 33 percent rise across the U.S. banks.The bank, which hopes to turn a chapter on its restructuring plans in June with the closure of its non-core business, is hoping to compete with Wall Street rivals and in order to do so is looking for senior level hires, particularly in sales and trading on a case-by-case basis.One such position immediately up for grabs is head of Europe and Middle East banking, for which McGrath will recruit both internally and externally, one of the sources said. Jean-Francois Astier will head the bank's global capital markets business. Sam Dean, head of corporate finance for Europe, will retire from the firm as part of the changes, according to the sources. (Reporting By Anjuli Davies and Lawrence White; Editing by Rachel Armstrong) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: May 11, 2017 11:30 pm | Updated Date: May 11, 2017 11:30 pm Also See Friendly fire may have killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan - Pentagon | Reuters Trump aims to expand U.S. offshore drilling, despite low industry demand | Reuters U.S. says failure to act on North Korea could be catastrophic | Reuters Wall Street slightly lower as weak GDP data weighs | Reuters T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 May 12 DD Vs RPS 2 May 13 GL Vs SRH 3 May 13 KKR Vs MI 4 May 14 RPS Vs KXIP 5 May 14 DD Vs RCB Full Schedule Top Stories EC holds all-party meet to decide on EVMs: Here's why Congress, Opposition parties may lose out EVM Row Live: Election Commission Likely to Hold Hackathon 'in 2 Days' Meri Pyaari Bindu LIVE movie review: Parineeti Chopra, Ayushmann Khurrana in a charming romcom Ummer Fayaz killing: BJP govt must provide army in Kashmir with more teeth and seek to pacify youths How to buy a home that ensures peace of mind IPL 2017: Mumbai Indians' valiance in loss to Kings XI Punjab papers over middle-order woes Sri Lanka rejects China's request to dock submarine in Colombo: Strategic realignment or a one-off? Arvind Subramanian's searing criticism: Why do we take rating agencies seriously at all? Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs PUN Kings XI Punjab beat Mumbai Indians by 7 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs DEL Delhi Daredevils beat Gujarat Lions by 2 wickets Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI Vs PAK Live Now Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs KOL Kings XI Punjab beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 14 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs MUM Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Mumbai Indians by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs GUJ Gujarat Lions beat Kings XI Punjab by 6 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs KOL Kolkata Knight Riders beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 6 wickets Ireland in England, 2 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs IRE England beat Ireland by 85 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Delhi Daredevils by 146 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 12 runs Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 IRE vs BAN - May 12th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL vs PNE - May 12th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs HYD - May 13th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs MUM - May 13th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 IRE vs NZ - May 14th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs PUN - May 14th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL vs BLR - May 14th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 TBC vs TBC - May 16th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 BAN vs NZ - May 17th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 TBC vs TBC - May 17th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST 1EXCLUSIVE: Barclays rejigs global investment banking team, seeks new hires - sources | Reuters 2Asian shares edge up, on track for winning week | Reuters 3Mutual funds lose, short-sellers win on Snap trades | Reuters 4Wal-Mart CEO to be questioned in U.S. lawsuit over Mexican bribery | Reuters 5Union workers ratify ArcelorMittal Quebec mine contract | Reuters More Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Delhi MCD Elections 2017 Results - Live Counting Delhi MCD Elections 2017 ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Search Search Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Name Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Why issuers are giving up control in the mobile world Android Pay's hidden facial biometrics tech could go beyond security Card issuers struggling to sell 'complex' mobile innovation PayThink Samsung Galaxy S8's self-support tech will boost mobile pay use The card issuers' digital identity crisis search goes here Why issuers are giving up control in the mobile world By Daniel Wolfe Published May 11 2017, 2:04pm EDT More in Mobile wallets Loyalty and rewards Print Email Reprints Share Share on In banking, as in any other industry, a company's brand is a precious commodity. But as the digital economy matures, card issuers are finding a greater need to hand the reins over to their partners. It's not an easy thing to trust another company with your reputation. No doubt, JPMorgan Chase was less than thrilled after its co-brand partner United Airlines suffered a PR disaster in April by having a passenger violently removed from a plane to make room for an airline employee. "What happened to United could just as easily happen to Delta or American," and to the banks that issue their co-brand cards, said Gary Leff, travel expert and author of View from the Wing, at SourceMedia's annual Card Forum this week in Austin. Despite the risk of being associated with PR disasters such as the United Airlines incident, experts say banks should give more control to their co-brand partners. Bloomberg News "This could happen to anyone here," Leff said. In a co-brand partnership, "both reputations are on the line." But that doesn't mean banks should back off. Crises blow over, and bankers agree that there are valuable benefits to yielding more control of the customer relationship to the co-brand partner, particularly in digital channels. "The issuers have to get comfortable sharing data a little bit more and trusting third parties … we're going to have to get better at working together," said Chris Guido, vice president of co-brand and private label business development for TD Bank, in a panel discussion. "We don't need to create our own app for the card program," he said. "It needs to be integrated into [the partner's] app." This need comes from the millennial cardholder's demand for experiences as rewards, Guido said. Any bank can offer cash or points; a co-brand partner can offer brand-relevant perks such as free travel, celebrity access and more. Rewards that can be bought for cash aren't as meaningful, he said. "If I can buy it, it's really not that special." This type of customer connection can't be achieved if the bank walls off reward redemption in a separate app or website. Consumers prefer to conduct all of their interactions with a store's brand within its own app, including the use of card rewards, said Laurie Roth, Mastercard's vice president of co-brand business development, during the same panel discussion. "It's all about in-app today, it's all about integration," Roth said. "It's becoming more and more of a requirement for the partners that we're talking to." The strategy of selling experiences and smoothing the customer interaction through technology is preferable to selling a rewards card based on its pricing or its sign-up bonus, according to Pablo Sanchez, HSBC's CEO of retail banking and wealth management for the U.S. and Canada. Sanchez discussed the effect of technology in a Card Forum fireside chat with Editor at Large Penny Crosman. "I typically never believe in pricing as a strategy," Sanchez said. "I'm not going to go chase a crazy rabbit around a track just because others are. I think you have to have a solid proposition." But even HSBC realized that it needed partners to achieve this goal. The issuer supports the three major digital wallets (Apple Pay, Android Pay and Samsung Pay), but doing so has been somewhat of a branding concession even if it benefits consumers. "This is something that we, all along, as a bank should have been great at — moving people's money around and payments — and we lost our edge," Sanchez said. "People came into this space and were able to create less friction for the consumer." In this mobile world, the plastic card "is obviously important; it is typically the one physical representation of your brand," he said. "But the truth is more and more folks are utilizing digital mediums by which to pay." Daniel Wolfe Daniel Wolfe is editor in chief at PaymentsSource and a contributing editor at American Banker. More from this Author Why RBC sees value in virtual reality The card issuers' digital identity crisis 3.17.17: Your morning briefing Comments Login or Subscribe Get us in your inbox Sign up for Payments Update CardLine Compliance Investment Merchant Technology Wallet Morning Briefing PayThink ISO & Agent Weekly Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Subscribe PaymentsSource About Us Contact Us Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video EXCLUSIVE: Barclays rejigs global investment banking team, seeks new hires... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Thu May 11, 2017 | 10:40pm IST EXCLUSIVE: Barclays rejigs global investment banking team, seeks new hires - sources The logo of Barclays is seen on the top of a branch in Madrid, Spain, March 22, 2016. REUTERS/Sergio Perez/File Photo By Anjuli Davies and Lawrence White | LONDON LONDON Barclays reshuffled its senior global investment bank management on Thursday and is seeking to hire between 50 to 100 people to boost the division under new chief Tim Throsby, according to sources with direct knowledge of the plans. Throsby will become interim head of the bank's markets division while Joe Corcoran, who previously held the role, will move to the newly created position of vice chairman of markets, the sources said as the bank looks to take on Wall Street rivals. Joe McGrath will be the new global head of banking at Barclays and John Miller will become the head of global industry coverage banking, reporting to McGrath. A spokesman for Barclays confirmed the changes. CEO Jes Staley has stressed that investment banking is a key pillar of the bank's growth strategy and in September appointed former JPMorgan colleague Throsby to head the international division that houses Barclays' investment bank. The British bank worried investors in April when first quarter results showed a weak performance at its markets business, missing out on a bond trading boom enjoyed by Wall Street rivals in the first three months of 2017. Staley attributed the poor showing to weakness in the bank's U.S. rates business and a tough comparison with the previous year, saying it would be wrong to start questioning the business based on one quarter's performance. Since taking up his role in January, 50-year-old Australian Throsby has stressed that the investment bank is trying to shift the business from survival mode to flourish mode, according to a person familiar with the matter. As part of Throsby's bid to beef up the investment bank he is looking to hire between 50 and 100 people globally and will focus on key areas such as rates trading, foreign exchange and also equities, according to the same source who spoke on condition of anonymity. In Barclays' trading division, income from its markets business fell 4 percent to 1.35 billion pounds ($1.75 billion) in the first three months of the year, as macro income fell 14 percent due to a weaker performance by its U.S. rates business in particular. Barclays fared better in advisory and underwriting, reporting its best ever performance in debt capital markets in terms of market share. Banking fees jumped 51 percent to 726 million pounds, its best performance in three years, outperforming an average 33 percent rise across the U.S. banks. The bank, which hopes to turn a chapter on its restructuring plans in June with the closure of its non-core business, is hoping to compete with Wall Street rivals and in order to do so is looking for senior level hires, particularly in sales and trading on a case-by-case basis. One such position immediately up for grabs is head of Europe and Middle East banking, for which McGrath will recruit both internally and externally, one of the sources said. Jean-Francois Astier will head the bank's global capital markets business. Sam Dean, head of corporate finance for Europe, will retire from the firm as part of the changes, according to the sources. (Reporting By Anjuli Davies and Lawrence White; Editing by Rachel Armstrong) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News India imposes anti-dumping duty on 47 steel products for five years NEW DELHI India has imposed anti-dumping duty on 47 steel products, a government statement said, reinforcing New Delhi's tough stance despite complaints from some of the targeted countries. India's April retail inflation seen easing to three-month low NEW DELHI India's consumer inflation is expected to have eased to a three-month low in April, helped by smaller rises in food prices, but with a summer rebound in prospect the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to keep interest rates on hold. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick India's regulator clears use of GM mustard, final approval awaited Market Jockey Live updates from markets and economy Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Pacific Drilling SA (PACD) Will Post Earnings of -$5.26 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Endocyte, Inc. (ECYT) Will Post Earnings of -$0.29 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Banc of California Inc (BANC) Will Announce Earnings of $0.29 Per Share $0.08 Earnings Per Share Expected for Tenaris SA (TS) This Quarter Zacks: DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Capital One National Association Sells 164 Shares of Intuit Inc. (INTU) Capital One National Association Decreases Position in J B Hunt Transport Services Inc (JBHT) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Sells 13,930 Shares of PRA Health Sciences Inc (PRAH) Benchmark Electronics (BHE) Getting Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Chicago Equity Partners LLC Buys 135,950 Shares of Agenus Inc (AGEN) Capital One National Association Sells 42,219 Shares of Hillenbrand, Inc. (HI) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $88.918 Million Stake in Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $1.924 Million Position in Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Stake Cut by Capital One National Association Stamps.com Inc. (STMP) Position Maintained by Capital One National Association Capital One National Association Has $2.167 Million Position in Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) Anthem Inc (ANTM) Shares Sold by Capital One National Association 361 Capital LLC Invests $786,000 in CME Group Inc (CME) 361 Capital LLC Acquires New Position in AmerisourceBergen Corp. (ABC) Garrison Capital Inc (GARS) Given Buy Rating at Maxim Group Zacks: DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet Shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (NASDAQ:DLGNF) have been given an average broker rating score of 2.00 (Buy) from the two brokers that provide coverage for the company, Zacks Investment Research reports. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold recommendation and one has issued a strong buy recommendation on the company. DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10’s rating score has declined by 100% from 90 days ago as a result of a number of analysts’ ratings changes. Zacks has also assigned DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 an industry rank of 96 out of 265 based on the ratings given to its competitors. Several equities research analysts recently weighed in on DLGNF shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $49.00 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Morgan Stanley restated a “buy” rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a report on Monday, February 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. DZ Bank AG restated a “sell” rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (NASDAQ:DLGNF) remained flat at $46.75 on Monday. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.53 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.38. DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 has a 1-year low of $30.80 and a 1-year high of $53.00. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $48.01 and its 200 day moving average price is $44.79. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Zacks: DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/zacks-dialog-semiconduct-gbp0-10-dlgnf-given-consensus-rating-of-buy-by-analysts.html. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Laureate Education Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Laureate Education Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Laureate Education Inc (LAUR) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Liberty Sirius XM Group (LSXMA) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Mitel Networks Corporation’s (MNW) Buy Rating Reiterated at Summit Redstone Joint Corp (JYNT) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Landmark Infrastructure Partners LP (LMRK) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Pacific Drilling SA (PACD) Will Post Earnings of -$5.26 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Endocyte, Inc. (ECYT) Will Post Earnings of -$0.29 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Banc of California Inc (BANC) Will Announce Earnings of $0.29 Per Share $0.08 Earnings Per Share Expected for Tenaris SA (TS) This Quarter Zacks: DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Capital One National Association Sells 164 Shares of Intuit Inc. (INTU) Capital One National Association Decreases Position in J B Hunt Transport Services Inc (JBHT) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Sells 13,930 Shares of PRA Health Sciences Inc (PRAH) Benchmark Electronics (BHE) Getting Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Chicago Equity Partners LLC Buys 135,950 Shares of Agenus Inc (AGEN) Capital One National Association Sells 42,219 Shares of Hillenbrand, Inc. (HI) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $88.918 Million Stake in Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $1.924 Million Position in Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Stake Cut by Capital One National Association Stamps.com Inc. (STMP) Position Maintained by Capital One National Association Laureate Education Inc (LAUR) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Laureate Education Inc (NASDAQ:LAUR) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Laureate Education, Inc. is a degree-granting higher education institutions. The company offers high-quality undergraduate, graduate and specialized programs. Laureate Education, Inc. is headquartered in Baltimore, Maryland. “ Several other equities research analysts also recently commented on the stock. William Blair assumed coverage on shares of Laureate Education in a report on Monday, March 20th. They set a market perform rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Laureate Education in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. They set an overweight rating and a $15.50 price objective on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc began coverage on shares of Laureate Education in a report on Monday, March 6th. They set a neutral rating and a $15.10 price objective on the stock. Citigroup Inc began coverage on shares of Laureate Education in a report on Friday, March 3rd. They issued a buy rating and a $16.70 price target on the stock. Finally, Barrington Research began coverage on shares of Laureate Education in a report on Monday, February 27th. They issued an outperform rating and a $18.00 price target on the stock. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $16.95. Laureate Education (NASDAQ:LAUR) traded up 8.67% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $14.91. 473,810 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $2.51 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 5.40. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $14.06 and its 200-day moving average price is $13.58. Laureate Education has a one year low of $12.12 and a one year high of $15.00. Laureate Education (NASDAQ:LAUR) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 11th. The company reported ($1.05) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.95) by $0.10. The business had revenue of $855.90 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $832 million. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 5.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that Laureate Education will post $0.13 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/laureate-education-inc-laur-lowered-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Blair William & Co. IL purchased a new stake in shares of Laureate Education during the first quarter worth about $313,000. Waterfront Capital Partners LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Laureate Education during the first quarter worth about $4,048,000. Stifel Financial Corp purchased a new stake in shares of Laureate Education during the first quarter worth about $147,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. purchased a new stake in shares of Laureate Education during the first quarter worth about $326,000. Finally, Hood River Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Laureate Education during the first quarter worth about $17,687,000. Laureate Education Company Profile Laureate Education, Inc operates a network of degree-granting higher education institution. The Company operates in four segments: Latin America (LatAm); Europe; Asia, Middle East and Africa (AMEA), and Global Products and Services (GPS). The Company’s network includes approximately 70 institutions in over 25 countries on over 200 campuses, which the Company collectively refer to as the Laureate International Universities network. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Laureate Education (LAUR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Laureate Education Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Laureate Education Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Sohn Conference CNBC Disruptor 50 College Game Plan The Brave Ones Tech Drivers Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Investing Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital Here's why Snap shares may be down in the dumps through summer Wall Street is worried over Snap's large share lockup expirations hitting the market in the coming months after the social media company's disappointing earnings report. Many insiders are restricted from selling stock for an agreed upon lockup period after the initial public offering. JPMorgan says an additional 1.2 billion Snap shares will become available for sale by the end of July. Tae Kim | @firstadopter 14 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Patrick T. Fallon | Bloomberg | Getty Images The Snapchat app on an Apple iPhone. Some investors were stepping in to buy Snap shares amid their big plunge Thursday, but traders and analysts cautioned that this could be a troubled stock through the whole summer simply because of the laws of supply and demand. Many insiders are restricted from selling stock for an agreed upon lockup period after the initial public offering, but that changes later this year when a ton more shares will likely come onto the market. "We expect attention to turn to SNAP's July-August lock-up expirations. Snap has 150- & 180-day lock-up expirations beginning July 31," JPMorgan's Doug Anmuth wrote in a note to clients Thursday. He reiterated his neutral rating on Snap in the report. The analyst cited how an additional 84 percent of the company's shares outstanding will become available for sale from the end of July through August. Other research analysts also pointed to the lockup expiration as a negative factor for the company's share price. Nearly 70 percent of Wall Street does not have buy ratings on Snap shares, according to FactSet. Such a mixed view on a large technology IPO is a rarity. "The problem with such a print right out of the gate is that there is little near-term valuation support given the lack of profitability and massive lock up expiration around the corner," Barclays' Ross Sandler wrote in a note to clients Thursday, where he reiterated his equal weight rating on the company. Snap had fallen more than 23 percent at one point Thursday, but traded off the lows. Most recently, the stock was down about 19 percent. The large amount in the supply of new Snap shares is a big concern for investors. "Stock prices, especially in the short term, are all about supply and demand, so any issuance of additional supply has an effect," LPS Financial's chief investment officer, Aron Pinson, wrote in an email. "In the case of SNAP specifically, the magnitude of supply hitting the market vs. the amount currently available is enormous and is sure to weigh on its shares." Another investor said insiders may still sell at even lower share prices. "Lock ups when they expire can easily act as a ceiling for the shares even if the news improves from here. It's important to remember these are motivated sellers with little price sensitivity," Belpointe's chief strategist, David Nelson, wrote in an email. "Their cost basis is significantly lower and any proceeds is almost pure profit." One trader is staying bearish on Snap primarily on his negative view of its fundamentals, not just the lockup dynamics. Brad Lamensdorf, portfolio manager of the short-selling Ranger Equity Bear ETF, cited the low barriers to entry to Snap's business, the company's net losses and its large capital expenditures. "We aren't covering a share," Lamensdorf wrote in an email. "It is still at like 35 times sales which is silly. It will never grow into that price to sales ratio. A lower price is needed." Disclosure: Brad Lamensdorf's HDGE ETF is short Snap shares. David Nelson and Aron Pinson do not have positions in Snap. Disclosure: NBCUniversal, the parent company of CNBC, is an investor in Snap. Disclaimer Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change SNAP ---
Truthout Friday, 12 May 2017 / TRUTH-OUT.ORG Helping Women Harmed by Mass Incarceration and Fighting the Bigger System Susan Burton talks about how her work with incarcerated women led her to oppose racist mass incarceration. In the Wake of the Comey Firing, Don't Forget the Violence of the FBI Itself While hoping for a political transformation in this moment, we should also be aware of the sordid history of the intelligence organizations and leaders. Home Economy & Labor Education & Youth Environment & Health Human Rights Media Justice Politics & Elections Prisons & Policing War & Peace Video Art Cartoons Graphic Journalism Truthout on Flickr BuzzFlash Buzzflash Headlines Buzzflash Commentary Speakout Progressive Picks About Us Submission Guidelines Contact Newsletter Sign-Up Job Openings Donate How to Give Why Donate? FAQ Testimonials Planned Giving More Ways to Give DON'T MISS A BEAT Every day of the week, get the latest news and thought-provoking analysis from Truthout journalists and contributing writers from around the world. Optional Member Code We don't share your email with anyone. The People vs. The Student Loan Industry Thursday, May 11, 2017 By Michael Corcoran, Truthout | Report font size decrease font size increase font size Print Tweet Trump is gutting the few protections student borrowers have, even as the largest student loan servicer faces a major lawsuit. (Photo: Pexels) "The struggle between rich and poor has largely taken the form of conflicts between creditors and debtors." -- David Graeber Zack's Investment Research recently recommended that people buy stock for Navient (formerly Sallie Mae), the nation's largest servicer of student loans. This may seem curious given that the company is facing a historic lawsuit filed on January 18 from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), that alleges (in agreement with aggrieved student borrowers) that the company has "illegally cheated many struggling borrowers" for years through "shortcuts and deceptions." Organizers are cautiously optimistic the lawsuit may lead to relief and/or reform in the coming years. But this "heightened regulatory scrutiny over alleged anti-consumer practices" isn't scaring investors, who remain bullish on student loan bullies. Navient's shares outperformed expectations, benefiting from a 30 percent spike in its stock just as Donald Trump was elected president. The 30 percent spike in Navient (Sallie Mae) stocks directly after the election of Donald Trump. (Source: Yahoo / MSM Finance)Good news for Navient tends to be bad news for those suffering from the ever-worsening student loan crisis, which was already perilous before Trump and his education secretary Betsy DeVos started shaping policy, to the delight of predatory student lenders. DeVos has already cut consumer protections, notably reversing an Obama executive order on April 17 that put, as the New York Times reported, "great weight on a company's track record when selecting student loan vendors" to service federal loans. This means the very same government that is suing Navient for "cheating borrowers," is now unable to consider this when handing out massive contracts. Essentially, Navient gets de facto amnesty for its past mistakes, a luxury its borrowers aren't afforded. Three days after DeVos made this decision, Navient announced controversial plans to further consolidate its share of the market by purchasing $6.9 billion in loans from JP Morgan Chase, and another jump in stock prices followed. The spike in stocks that correlates with Betsy Davos's rollback of Obama-era protections for student loans. (Source: Yahoo / MSM Finance) "The worse job they do, the more money they make," said Alan Collinge, executive director of Student Loan Justice (SLJ), in an interview with Truthout. "It is the epitome of bad-faith lending." Private lenders' continued abuses are only part of the reason that the student loan crisis has been described as America's "most pressing economic problem," accounting for more than $1.4 trillion in debt with 40 percent or more in default. Corporate shareholders and the Department of Education (DOE) are both profiting off the misery of student borrowers, which has led to depression, substance abuse, family estrangement and even suicide. The president has made use of bankruptcy protection either four or six times, depending on who you speak with, but this is not an option for student borrowers. Debt has long been an effective form of social control. The current debt crisis reflects systematic class warfare waged by the rich against the poor and working class. "In our time, the financial sector has enriched itself," writes labor expert Steve Fraser, "by saddling ordinary working people with every conceivable form of consumer debt." It is no coincidence, in this context, that student debt was a major issue in both Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign and the Occupy movement. Chris Longenecker, a founding member of Occupy Wall Street, told Truthout that Occupy activists talked about student loans frequently and that "there were also student debt strike programs that got off the ground to varying levels of success." Both of these movements are factors in the nation becoming increasingly engaged and educated in class issues. With this class consciousness and energy, many organizers feel the fight for student loan justice can be central in the larger battle for justice and equality. "I truly believe this issue can be one that unites people. We have seen a seismic shift in interest about this issue in recent years," said Natalia Abrams, executive director of Student Debt Crisis, in an interview with Truthout. Shared Complicity The lack of bankruptcy protection is not merely the handiwork of the powerful private student loan industry, nor of Republican politicians. Bankruptcy protection existed for private student loans until 2005 when, with the help of then-Senator Joe Biden, this fundamental protection was taken away in the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act. Subsequent legislation to restore these protections has stalled in Congress, even when Democrats controlled it, despite heartbreaking testimony at hearings. "Bankruptcy protection was viewed as such an important right that our Founding Fathers addressed the need for a uniform system of bankruptcy in the Constitution [Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4], before even the power to declare war," Collinge said. The DOE never allowed bankruptcy protections for public loans, even before 2005 -- yet another example of the shared complicity for the crisis among the private sector and the government. It is true that borrowers of private loans face unique challenges and are often ignored in reform efforts. But, as Collinge notes, Navient's alleged crimes are hardly more contemptible than practices that are perfectly legal and used by the government against debtors. "Public loans are worse than private ones in many ways," he said. Those who default on federal loans, for instance, can be subject to all sorts of indignities and punishments, including the loss of professional licenses (and in some states, driver's licenses). Nor are they even protected by a statute of limitations, something granted to most criminal acts besides murder or treason. (Borrowers of private loans, on the other hand, are afforded a statute of limitations.) The federal government will even garnish social security checks -- of either the student or a co-signer -- decades after a loan goes into default. Borrowers of public loans, unlike those with private ones, have several beneficial federal programs at their disposal, but the government is refusing to honor some of them. Many students who enrolled in the Public Service Loan Program, a George W. Bush-era policy that offered debt forgiveness to graduates who worked in public service after 10 years of payments, are now being told by the government that it "changed its mind" about their eligibility years after the fact. Many students had radically altered the course of their lives to pursue debt forgiveness, choosing and sticking with jobs specifically to adhere to the program. They are now, with the help of the American Bar Association, filing suit. Public loan recipients can benefit from an important Obama-era protection, the income-based repayment (IBR) plan, which allows federal loan borrowers to limit payments to 10 or 15 percent of their discretionary income. While hardly a solution to the crisis, the plan can help federal (but not private) borrowers significantly. "Nobody with federal loans should need to go into default as long as this program is in place," Abrams said. But many eligible Americans aren't aware that the program exists. (A prominent allegation in the CFPB lawsuit accuses Navient of misleading people on this very issue.) Moreover, more than half of those in the program are kicked out for not keeping up with renewal notices and proof of income standards. "The programs are shamelessly constructed in a way that kicks people out of them," Collinge said. Many borrowers are also experiencing understandable fear that the GOP may try to cut these programs. "We tell people to sign up right away," said Abrams. "We can't make promises, but getting signed up now may well protect you from potential cuts or changes." Prospects for a terrible bipartisan compromise also loom. In his last year in office, Obama himself proposed adding a lifetime cap of $57,500 to those enrolled in these programs. Such a cap, Abrams notes, "defeats the whole purpose of the program." It will be up to the public to pressure Democrats to not abandon student borrowers. Debt Beyond Death: Not Just a Millennial Crisis In some cases, not even death can be counted on to stop draconian debt collection. Consider the case of Marcia DeOliveira-Longinetti, initially reported by a ProPublica/New York Times joint investigation. Her son borrowed $18,000 from the Higher Education Student Assistance Authority (HESAA), public-private hybrid lender in New Jersey. He can't make the payments because he was murdered years ago. Not long after the murder, DeOliveira-Longinetti received a letter telling her she was still on the hook for his loan. "My son borrowed $18,000. By the time I am done paying, it will have accrued to $40,000," said DeOliveira-Longinetti in an interview with Truthout. "And he is long dead and never going to graduate." The grieving mother told the loan agency, whose ethics have come under question many times, that she would pay the principal, but even that offer was rejected. DeOliveira-Longinetti recognizes the egregious injustice of these tactics, which is why she went public. "Wall Street investors gaining from grieving parents? Benefiting from someone's death? How unfair is that.... It is like the mafia," she said. Her courageous story prompted outrage among politicians and citizens alike, and the state's policy was changed. However, the law was not retroactive, and didn't impact DeOliveira-Longinetti's obligation to pay, she said, noting that her goal in advocating for a policy change was "to avoid future suffering." "Nobody deserves what we are going through," DeOliveira-Longinetti said. Her courage to tell her story helped her make significant progress, but she remains a victim of egregious and cruel policies toward students and co-signers alike. Her story also challenges the myth that the student loan crisis is just a problem for young people. "This issue is multigenerational. It impacts people of all ages," Abrams said. Parental co-signers -- who commit the sin of helping their kids attend college -- are often on the hook when their children can't make payments. This dynamic doesn't just ruin credit; it ruins families. "The stories of families being broken up over co-signed loans, of students losing touch with their parents because [of] the pain their default caused the family, those are the most tragic stories I have heard, other than suicides," Collinge said. The Great Hypocrisy: Debt as a Moral Failing? When facing financial peril, for-profit corporations have all sorts of options, including taxpayer-funded bailouts and strategic bankruptcy. But when this happens, notes Robert Kuttner in the New York Review of Books, "morality scarcely enters the conversation -- this is strictly business." Humans who suffer this same fate, however, are treated as lazy "kids who don't want to pay their loans back" or "get a job." These smears are especially rampant against young people who are disproportionately suffering from (but did not cause) the macroeconomic conditions that led to the crisis: decades of wage stagnation, tuition increasing rapidly past the rate of inflation, the near collapse of the economy in 2008 and the subsequent Great Recession. This sentiment reflects a common attack used by the wealthy against poor people of all ages: the claim that being poor, or in debt, is a result of personal and moral failings. Critics argue students made their own beds by taking loans. But, many college students start making decisions on where to attend school while still in high school and without proper financial literacy. They are also largely encouraged to attend the best college they've been accepted to, by teachers, counselors and a culture and news media that promotes higher education as an important milestone. Studies dating back to the start of the 21st century have shown that people in this country view college as a key to the American Dream. Why does our country then put students through such hell? It is hard for 17-year-old college applicants to wrap their heads around the fact that, as one borrower named Angela notes on the Student Loan Justice website, a $97,000 loan might end up costing over $270,000 for 25 years, with monthly payments ballooning up to $1,450 a month. Given the way civic classes glorify the United States as the land of opportunity, it can be hard for young people to recognize how the decision to attend school can lead to such problems. "I will absolutely not deny my ignorance in the beginning of my college career," Angela wrote on the SLJ page devoted to borrowers sharing stories. "I was the first in my family to go to college, and I was very excited to be accepted at Seton Hall University. I took out the entire tuition with Sallie Mae because that was what I could get approved for and they made it sound so wonderful with low interest, and flexibility. Wow, I was in for a shock when I received the bill a week post-graduation." "I know many people who have just resigned themselves to the fact that they will die in debt," Abrams said. "They simply cannot keep up with all the interest and fees. It is very sad." Lawsuits and Legislation: Is Help on the Way? Despite all the bad news, the landmark CFPB lawsuit against Navient is an important, if overdue, measure. The decision to push the lawsuit through during the last hours of the Obama presidency was no accident; it put the matter before the judicial branch and, hopefully, out of the reach of Trump. The 66-page lawsuit gives an astounding and detailed list of abuses against borrowers. It claims, among other things, that Navient had made misleading statements to borrowers about how their credit would be impacted by various actions, about how to enroll in less expensive (and less profitable to Navient) programs and a lack of a systematic way to solve mistakes after getting complaints. Even seeing these accusations put to paper validates the frustrations of countless borrowers who have felt stuck in an impossible situation, organizers said. Still, Navient has denied everything, and the judicial process could take many years. Organizers hope it leads to restitution for borrowers, discipline for Navient, and/or reform of the student loan process -- an optimistic set of goals, they readily admit. In the interim, organizers emphasize the importance of fighting to protect the programs that exist, seek redress for those who have been left without options, protect the CFPB and support legislative efforts to change the system. Sanders recently introduced a bill which would make public colleges tuition free for 80 percent of the population. This is extremely important; rising tuition is a major factor behind the debt crisis. But, as Abrams notes, it is also important to consider current debtors, not merely future students. In the past several legislators have proposed bills that would allow students to refinance their loans at lower interest rates. Some of these bills, notably Elizabeth Warren's refinancing bill, died on the Senate floor, getting 56 of the 60 votes it needed. In addition to lowering interest rates for federal borrowers, the bill would've also addressed private borrowers, by having the government buy up private loans so they could benefit from the lower rates as well. This would also enable private loans to be eligible for other federal programs they have previously been unable to use, such as income-based repayment options. There is some disagreement among organizers regarding the refinancing approach. While Warren's bill was supported by most progressive organizations, Collinge was critical of the legislation, arguing that bankruptcy protection, for both federal and private loans, is far more pressing than refinancing. Warren's bill, he said, "looked suspiciously like a bailout for private lenders, who would love to sell their crap private loans to the government for full book value, plus a premium." Debt Forgiveness: The Ultimate Solution "Student loans are killing people," proclaimed economist Anthony Orlando in a recent article about the need for debt forgiveness. "People need to understand just how big a problem we're talking about." Some people laugh off debt forgiveness as a utopian fantasy, but it would actually have stimulative benefits and could be part of a broader set of economic and educational reforms. The lenders, depending on the details, would have some incentive since a debt-forgiveness program would likely involve the government buying up these bad loans. Debt forgiveness is as old as credit itself. It is referenced in Shakespeare, the Bible and the Quran. More importantly, it has been used on a national scale in modern countries, such as Germany, where allies forgave 93 percent of Nazi-era debt soon after World War II. "Forgiving debt, if done right, can get an economy back on its feet," observed an Associated Press article in 2015. Furthermore, today's young people, who are suffering the brunt of this crisis, largely "reject capitalism" and, according to an April 18 Harvard/Harris poll, have made a self-identified socialist into the "most popular" politician in the country. Bold ideas like debt forgiveness and free tuition will be taken more seriously as today's millennials become tomorrow's leaders, so long as activists continue to organize and educate themselves about the injustices our economic system inflicts on our own people. Copyright, Truthout. May not be reprinted without permission. Michael Corcoran Michael Corcoran is a journalist based in Boston. He has written for The Boston Globe, The Nation, The Christian Science Monitor, Extra!, NACLA Report on the Americas and other publications. Follow him on Twitter: @mcorcoran3. Related StoriesLoan Forgiveness Good for the Economy, and Maybe Fannie and Freddie Mac Too By Jesse Eisinger, ProPublica | News AnalysisStudent Debt Movement Is Getting Democratic Candidates to Respond By Richard Long, Campaign for America's Future | Op-EdStudent Income Loans Transfer Wealth to Investors, Risk to Students By Kenneth J. Saltman, Truthout | News Analysis Show Comments Hide Comments View the discussion thread. blog comments powered by Disqus back to top Read more GET DAILY TRUTHOUT UPDATES Optional Member Code FOLLOW TRUTHOUT Follow @truthout Latest Stories Workers Fear Radiation Exposure After Nuclear Waste Storage Tunnels Collapse in Washington By Amy Goodman, Democracy Now! | Video Report Donald Trump Is Attempting a Coup -- We Must Have a Special Prosecutor By Bill Moyers and Michael Winship, Moyers & Company | Op-Ed Conservative Groups Pushing Trump to Exit Paris Climate Deal Have Taken Millions From Koch Brothers, Exxon By Graham Readfearn, DeSmogBlog | News Analysis How Not to Lose 27 Beautiful and Sacred National Monument Areas By Michael Dax and Tracy Matsue Loeffelholz, YES! Magazine | News Analysis What's at Stake When We Talk About Health Care By Julie Chinitz, Campaign for America's Future | Op-Ed We Need Real Police Accountability -- Including Reining in the Harmful Uses of Body Cameras By Alex S. Vitale, Gotham Gazette | Op-Ed The Hazards of Military Worship By Danny Sjursen, TomDispatch | Op-Ed Kshama Sawant: Don't Wait for Authoritarian Trump to Be Impeached, This Is the Moment to Revolt By Amy Goodman, Democracy Now! | Video Interview Featured Videos Workers Fear Radiation Exposure After Nuclear Waste Storage Tunnels Collapse in Washington By Amy Goodman, Democracy Now! | Video Report Kshama Sawant: Don't Wait for Authoritarian Trump to Be Impeached, This Is the Moment to Revolt By Amy Goodman, Democracy Now! | Video Interview Buzzflash Headlines Criminalizing Journalism in the Age of Trump - BuzzFlash In Trump Era, "Classified" Information Is a Plot Device for Mainstream Media - BuzzFlash Jim Hightower: Trump's Bluster on Mexico Is Coming Back to Haunt Him - BuzzFlash The People vs. The Student Loan Industry Thursday, May 11, 2017 By Michael Corcoran, Truthout | Report font size decrease font size increase font size Print Tweet Trump is gutting the few protections student borrowers have, even as the largest student loan servicer faces a major lawsuit. (Photo: Pexels) "The struggle between rich and poor has largely taken the form of conflicts between creditors and debtors." -- David Graeber Zack's Investment Research recently recommended that people buy stock for Navient (formerly Sallie Mae), the nation's largest servicer of student loans. This may seem curious given that the company is facing a historic lawsuit filed on January 18 from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), that alleges (in agreement with aggrieved student borrowers) that the company has "illegally cheated many struggling borrowers" for years through "shortcuts and deceptions." Organizers are cautiously optimistic the lawsuit may lead to relief and/or reform in the coming years. But this "heightened regulatory scrutiny over alleged anti-consumer practices" isn't scaring investors, who remain bullish on student loan bullies. Navient's shares outperformed expectations, benefiting from a 30 percent spike in its stock just as Donald Trump was elected president. The 30 percent spike in Navient (Sallie Mae) stocks directly after the election of Donald Trump. (Source: Yahoo / MSM Finance)Good news for Navient tends to be bad news for those suffering from the ever-worsening student loan crisis, which was already perilous before Trump and his education secretary Betsy DeVos started shaping policy, to the delight of predatory student lenders. DeVos has already cut consumer protections, notably reversing an Obama executive order on April 17 that put, as the New York Times reported, "great weight on a company's track record when selecting student loan vendors" to service federal loans. This means the very same government that is suing Navient for "cheating borrowers," is now unable to consider this when handing out massive contracts. Essentially, Navient gets de facto amnesty for its past mistakes, a luxury its borrowers aren't afforded. Three days after DeVos made this decision, Navient announced controversial plans to further consolidate its share of the market by purchasing $6.9 billion in loans from JP Morgan Chase, and another jump in stock prices followed. The spike in stocks that correlates with Betsy Davos's rollback of Obama-era protections for student loans. (Source: Yahoo / MSM Finance) "The worse job they do, the more money they make," said Alan Collinge, executive director of Student Loan Justice (SLJ), in an interview with Truthout. "It is the epitome of bad-faith lending." Private lenders' continued abuses are only part of the reason that the student loan crisis has been described as America's "most pressing economic problem," accounting for more than $1.4 trillion in debt with 40 percent or more in default. Corporate shareholders and the Department of Education (DOE) are both profiting off the misery of student borrowers, which has led to depression, substance abuse, family estrangement and even suicide. The president has made use of bankruptcy protection either four or six times, depending on who you speak with, but this is not an option for student borrowers. Debt has long been an effective form of social control. The current debt crisis reflects systematic class warfare waged by the rich against the poor and working class. "In our time, the financial sector has enriched itself," writes labor expert Steve Fraser, "by saddling ordinary working people with every conceivable form of consumer debt." It is no coincidence, in this context, that student debt was a major issue in both Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign and the Occupy movement. Chris Longenecker, a founding member of Occupy Wall Street, told Truthout that Occupy activists talked about student loans frequently and that "there were also student debt strike programs that got off the ground to varying levels of success." Both of these movements are factors in the nation becoming increasingly engaged and educated in class issues. With this class consciousness and energy, many organizers feel the fight for student loan justice can be central in the larger battle for justice and equality. "I truly believe this issue can be one that unites people. We have seen a seismic shift in interest about this issue in recent years," said Natalia Abrams, executive director of Student Debt Crisis, in an interview with Truthout. Shared Complicity The lack of bankruptcy protection is not merely the handiwork of the powerful private student loan industry, nor of Republican politicians. Bankruptcy protection existed for private student loans until 2005 when, with the help of then-Senator Joe Biden, this fundamental protection was taken away in the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act. Subsequent legislation to restore these protections has stalled in Congress, even when Democrats controlled it, despite heartbreaking testimony at hearings. "Bankruptcy protection was viewed as such an important right that our Founding Fathers addressed the need for a uniform system of bankruptcy in the Constitution [Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4], before even the power to declare war," Collinge said. The DOE never allowed bankruptcy protections for public loans, even before 2005 -- yet another example of the shared complicity for the crisis among the private sector and the government. It is true that borrowers of private loans face unique challenges and are often ignored in reform efforts. But, as Collinge notes, Navient's alleged crimes are hardly more contemptible than practices that are perfectly legal and used by the government against debtors. "Public loans are worse than private ones in many ways," he said. Those who default on federal loans, for instance, can be subject to all sorts of indignities and punishments, including the loss of professional licenses (and in some states, driver's licenses). Nor are they even protected by a statute of limitations, something granted to most criminal acts besides murder or treason. (Borrowers of private loans, on the other hand, are afforded a statute of limitations.) The federal government will even garnish social security checks -- of either the student or a co-signer -- decades after a loan goes into default. Borrowers of public loans, unlike those with private ones, have several beneficial federal programs at their disposal, but the government is refusing to honor some of them. Many students who enrolled in the Public Service Loan Program, a George W. Bush-era policy that offered debt forgiveness to graduates who worked in public service after 10 years of payments, are now being told by the government that it "changed its mind" about their eligibility years after the fact. Many students had radically altered the course of their lives to pursue debt forgiveness, choosing and sticking with jobs specifically to adhere to the program. They are now, with the help of the American Bar Association, filing suit. Public loan recipients can benefit from an important Obama-era protection, the income-based repayment (IBR) plan, which allows federal loan borrowers to limit payments to 10 or 15 percent of their discretionary income. While hardly a solution to the crisis, the plan can help federal (but not private) borrowers significantly. "Nobody with federal loans should need to go into default as long as this program is in place," Abrams said. But many eligible Americans aren't aware that the program exists. (A prominent allegation in the CFPB lawsuit accuses Navient of misleading people on this very issue.) Moreover, more than half of those in the program are kicked out for not keeping up with renewal notices and proof of income standards. "The programs are shamelessly constructed in a way that kicks people out of them," Collinge said. Many borrowers are also experiencing understandable fear that the GOP may try to cut these programs. "We tell people to sign up right away," said Abrams. "We can't make promises, but getting signed up now may well protect you from potential cuts or changes." Prospects for a terrible bipartisan compromise also loom. In his last year in office, Obama himself proposed adding a lifetime cap of $57,500 to those enrolled in these programs. Such a cap, Abrams notes, "defeats the whole purpose of the program." It will be up to the public to pressure Democrats to not abandon student borrowers. Debt Beyond Death: Not Just a Millennial Crisis In some cases, not even death can be counted on to stop draconian debt collection. Consider the case of Marcia DeOliveira-Longinetti, initially reported by a ProPublica/New York Times joint investigation. Her son borrowed $18,000 from the Higher Education Student Assistance Authority (HESAA), public-private hybrid lender in New Jersey. He can't make the payments because he was murdered years ago. Not long after the murder, DeOliveira-Longinetti received a letter telling her she was still on the hook for his loan. "My son borrowed $18,000. By the time I am done paying, it will have accrued to $40,000," said DeOliveira-Longinetti in an interview with Truthout. "And he is long dead and never going to graduate." The grieving mother told the loan agency, whose ethics have come under question many times, that she would pay the principal, but even that offer was rejected. DeOliveira-Longinetti recognizes the egregious injustice of these tactics, which is why she went public. "Wall Street investors gaining from grieving parents? Benefiting from someone's death? How unfair is that.... It is like the mafia," she said. Her courageous story prompted outrage among politicians and citizens alike, and the state's policy was changed. However, the law was not retroactive, and didn't impact DeOliveira-Longinetti's obligation to pay, she said, noting that her goal in advocating for a policy change was "to avoid future suffering." "Nobody deserves what we are going through," DeOliveira-Longinetti said. Her courage to tell her story helped her make significant progress, but she remains a victim of egregious and cruel policies toward students and co-signers alike. Her story also challenges the myth that the student loan crisis is just a problem for young people. "This issue is multigenerational. It impacts people of all ages," Abrams said. Parental co-signers -- who commit the sin of helping their kids attend college -- are often on the hook when their children can't make payments. This dynamic doesn't just ruin credit; it ruins families. "The stories of families being broken up over co-signed loans, of students losing touch with their parents because [of] the pain their default caused the family, those are the most tragic stories I have heard, other than suicides," Collinge said. The Great Hypocrisy: Debt as a Moral Failing? When facing financial peril, for-profit corporations have all sorts of options, including taxpayer-funded bailouts and strategic bankruptcy. But when this happens, notes Robert Kuttner in the New York Review of Books, "morality scarcely enters the conversation -- this is strictly business." Humans who suffer this same fate, however, are treated as lazy "kids who don't want to pay their loans back" or "get a job." These smears are especially rampant against young people who are disproportionately suffering from (but did not cause) the macroeconomic conditions that led to the crisis: decades of wage stagnation, tuition increasing rapidly past the rate of inflation, the near collapse of the economy in 2008 and the subsequent Great Recession. This sentiment reflects a common attack used by the wealthy against poor people of all ages: the claim that being poor, or in debt, is a result of personal and moral failings. Critics argue students made their own beds by taking loans. But, many college students start making decisions on where to attend school while still in high school and without proper financial literacy. They are also largely encouraged to attend the best college they've been accepted to, by teachers, counselors and a culture and news media that promotes higher education as an important milestone. Studies dating back to the start of the 21st century have shown that people in this country view college as a key to the American Dream. Why does our country then put students through such hell? It is hard for 17-year-old college applicants to wrap their heads around the fact that, as one borrower named Angela notes on the Student Loan Justice website, a $97,000 loan might end up costing over $270,000 for 25 years, with monthly payments ballooning up to $1,450 a month. Given the way civic classes glorify the United States as the land of opportunity, it can be hard for young people to recognize how the decision to attend school can lead to such problems. "I will absolutely not deny my ignorance in the beginning of my college career," Angela wrote on the SLJ page devoted to borrowers sharing stories. "I was the first in my family to go to college, and I was very excited to be accepted at Seton Hall University. I took out the entire tuition with Sallie Mae because that was what I could get approved for and they made it sound so wonderful with low interest, and flexibility. Wow, I was in for a shock when I received the bill a week post-graduation." "I know many people who have just resigned themselves to the fact that they will die in debt," Abrams said. "They simply cannot keep up with all the interest and fees. It is very sad." Lawsuits and Legislation: Is Help on the Way? Despite all the bad news, the landmark CFPB lawsuit against Navient is an important, if overdue, measure. The decision to push the lawsuit through during the last hours of the Obama presidency was no accident; it put the matter before the judicial branch and, hopefully, out of the reach of Trump. The 66-page lawsuit gives an astounding and detailed list of abuses against borrowers. It claims, among other things, that Navient had made misleading statements to borrowers about how their credit would be impacted by various actions, about how to enroll in less expensive (and less profitable to Navient) programs and a lack of a systematic way to solve mistakes after getting complaints. Even seeing these accusations put to paper validates the frustrations of countless borrowers who have felt stuck in an impossible situation, organizers said. Still, Navient has denied everything, and the judicial process could take many years. Organizers hope it leads to restitution for borrowers, discipline for Navient, and/or reform of the student loan process -- an optimistic set of goals, they readily admit. In the interim, organizers emphasize the importance of fighting to protect the programs that exist, seek redress for those who have been left without options, protect the CFPB and support legislative efforts to change the system. Sanders recently introduced a bill which would make public colleges tuition free for 80 percent of the population. This is extremely important; rising tuition is a major factor behind the debt crisis. But, as Abrams notes, it is also important to consider current debtors, not merely future students. In the past several legislators have proposed bills that would allow students to refinance their loans at lower interest rates. Some of these bills, notably Elizabeth Warren's refinancing bill, died on the Senate floor, getting 56 of the 60 votes it needed. In addition to lowering interest rates for federal borrowers, the bill would've also addressed private borrowers, by having the government buy up private loans so they could benefit from the lower rates as well. This would also enable private loans to be eligible for other federal programs they have previously been unable to use, such as income-based repayment options. There is some disagreement among organizers regarding the refinancing approach. While Warren's bill was supported by most progressive organizations, Collinge was critical of the legislation, arguing that bankruptcy protection, for both federal and private loans, is far more pressing than refinancing. Warren's bill, he said, "looked suspiciously like a bailout for private lenders, who would love to sell their crap private loans to the government for full book value, plus a premium." Debt Forgiveness: The Ultimate Solution "Student loans are killing people," proclaimed economist Anthony Orlando in a recent article about the need for debt forgiveness. "People need to understand just how big a problem we're talking about." Some people laugh off debt forgiveness as a utopian fantasy, but it would actually have stimulative benefits and could be part of a broader set of economic and educational reforms. The lenders, depending on the details, would have some incentive since a debt-forgiveness program would likely involve the government buying up these bad loans. Debt forgiveness is as old as credit itself. It is referenced in Shakespeare, the Bible and the Quran. More importantly, it has been used on a national scale in modern countries, such as Germany, where allies forgave 93 percent of Nazi-era debt soon after World War II. "Forgiving debt, if done right, can get an economy back on its feet," observed an Associated Press article in 2015. Furthermore, today's young people, who are suffering the brunt of this crisis, largely "reject capitalism" and, according to an April 18 Harvard/Harris poll, have made a self-identified socialist into the "most popular" politician in the country. Bold ideas like debt forgiveness and free tuition will be taken more seriously as today's millennials become tomorrow's leaders, so long as activists continue to organize and educate themselves about the injustices our economic system inflicts on our own people. Copyright, Truthout. May not be reprinted without permission. Michael Corcoran Michael Corcoran is a journalist based in Boston. He has written for The Boston Globe, The Nation, The Christian Science Monitor, Extra!, NACLA Report on the Americas and other publications. Follow him on Twitter: @mcorcoran3. Related StoriesLoan Forgiveness Good for the Economy, and Maybe Fannie and Freddie Mac Too By Jesse Eisinger, ProPublica | News AnalysisStudent Debt Movement Is Getting Democratic Candidates to Respond By Richard Long, Campaign for America's Future | Op-EdStudent Income Loans Transfer Wealth to Investors, Risk to Students By Kenneth J. Saltman, Truthout | News Analysis Show Comments Hide Comments View the discussion thread. blog comments powered by Disqus back to top © 2017 Truthout
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Everi Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Everi Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Medical Transcription Billing Corp (MTBC) Sees Strong Trading Volume Following Strong Earnings Caesarstone Ltd (CSTE) Stock Price Up -5.3% After Strong Earnings Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc (ITCI) Trading -0.2% Higher Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings INC Research Holdings Inc (INCR) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. (LGND) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.16 EPS Performant Financial Corp (PFMT) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.04 EPS Everi Holdings Inc (EVRI) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results LSV Asset Management Has $16.824 Million Position in Big 5 Sporting Goods Co. (BGFV) Alpha Cubed Investments LLC Has $19.133 Million Stake in Western Digital Corp (WDC) Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in eBay Inc (EBAY) Primerica, Inc. (PRI) Position Reduced by LSV Asset Management LSV Asset Management Reduces Stake in Pinnacle West Capital Co. (PNW) LSV Asset Management Has $18.438 Million Position in Dime Community Bancshares, Inc. (DCOM) Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Has $27.911 Million Stake in Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) WhiteWave Foods Co (WWAV) Stake Boosted by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Boosts Stake in Torchmark Co. (TMK) Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Has $28.124 Million Stake in Pinnacle West Capital Co. (PNW) British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd Invests $20.116 Million in Kroger Co (KR) eBay Inc (EBAY) Shares Sold by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Sells 1,768 Shares of Marriott International Inc (MAR) Everi Holdings Inc (EVRI) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Everi Holdings Inc (NYSE:EVRI) released its earnings results on Tuesday. The credit services provider reported ($0.05) earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.14) by $0.09. Everi Holdings had a negative return on equity of 4.76% and a negative net margin of 14.04%. The company had revenue of $237.50 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $235.41 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted ($0.20) EPS. Everi Holdings’s revenue for the quarter was up 13.7% on a year-over-year basis. Everi Holdings (NYSE:EVRI) traded down 1.71% on Thursday, reaching $6.91. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 660,887 shares. The company’s market capitalization is $456.69 million. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $5.52 and a 200-day moving average of $3.41. Everi Holdings has a one year low of $1.13 and a one year high of $7.05. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust increased its stake in Everi Holdings by 2.0% in the third quarter. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust now owns 192,434 shares of the credit services provider’s stock valued at $475,000 after buying an additional 3,767 shares in the last quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. increased its stake in Everi Holdings by 13.8% in the first quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. now owns 76,683 shares of the credit services provider’s stock valued at $367,000 after buying an additional 9,300 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. bought a new stake in Everi Holdings during the first quarter valued at $160,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in Everi Holdings by 118.4% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 63,451 shares of the credit services provider’s stock valued at $157,000 after buying an additional 34,404 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. bought a new stake in Everi Holdings during the first quarter valued at $169,000. 57.81% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. EVRI has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Telsey Advisory Group raised Everi Holdings from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and boosted their target price for the company from $2.50 to $6.00 in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Craig Hallum raised Everi Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $5.00 price target for the company in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Zacks Investment Research raised Everi Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $4.50 price target for the company in a research report on Friday, March 17th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus upped their price target on Everi Holdings from $6.50 to $7.50 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, Everi Holdings has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $5.80. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/everi-holdings-inc-evri-announces-quarterly-earnings-results.html. Everi Holdings Company Profile Everi Holdings Inc is a holding company. The Company operates through subsidiaries, including Everi Games Holding Inc (Everi Games Holding) and Everi Payments Inc (Everi Payments or Payments). The Company operates through two segments: Games and Payments. The Company provides video and mechanical reel gaming content and technology solutions, integrated gaming payments solutions, and compliance and efficiency software. Receive News & Ratings for Everi Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Everi Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vinci SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vinci SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vinci SA (DG) Given a €85.90 Price Target at Societe Generale Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Earns “Buy” Rating from Bank of America Corp Pinnacle West Capital Co. (PNW) PT Lowered to $82.00 at Morgan Stanley Insider Buying: Greenfields Petroleum Corp (GNF) Director Buys C$14,300.00 in Stock BNP Paribas SA’s (BNP) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Distinct Infrastructure Group Inc (DUG) Director Buys C$10,640.00 in Stock Osiris Therapeutics, Inc. (OSIR) Shares Sold by Eqis Capital Management Inc. Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) Position Maintained by Welch Group LLC Eqis Capital Management Inc. Invests $382,000 in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Shares Bought by Tyers Asset Management LLC SJW Group (SJW) Stake Increased by Eqis Capital Management Inc. Tyers Asset Management LLC Has $453,000 Stake in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) Tyers Asset Management LLC Maintains Position in Sanofi SA (SNY) National Bank Financial Equities Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Atlantic Power Corp (AT) Kroger Co (KR) Position Cut by Tyers Asset Management LLC Sothebys (BID) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results IDEX Co. (IEX) Shares Bought by State Treasurer State of Michigan State Treasurer State of Michigan Boosts Position in Alliant Energy Co. (LNT) Q4 2017 Earnings Estimate for Crocs, Inc. (CROX) Issued By B. Riley Fiserv Inc (FISV) Shares Sold by Tyers Asset Management LLC Vinci SA (DG) Given a €85.90 Price Target at Societe Generale May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Societe Generale set a €85.90 ($93.37) price target on Vinci SA (EPA:DG) in a report released on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a buy rating on shares of Vinci SA in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Morgan Stanley set a €73.00 ($79.35) price objective on shares of Vinci SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Berenberg Bank set a €84.00 ($91.30) price objective on shares of Vinci SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €79.00 ($85.87) target price on shares of Vinci SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Friday, April 21st. Finally, Barclays PLC set a €85.00 ($92.39) target price on shares of Vinci SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Vinci SA has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of €78.16 ($84.95). Vinci SA (EPA:DG) traded down 0.69% during trading on Wednesday, hitting €77.78. 1,537,006 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of €43.14 billion and a P/E ratio of 17.36. Vinci SA has a 52 week low of €49.93 and a 52 week high of €79.84. The stock has a 50 day moving average of €75.35 and a 200-day moving average of €67.96. WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/vinci-sa-dg-given-a-85-90-price-target-at-societe-generale.html. About Vinci SA Vinci SA is a France-based company involved in construction and engineering. It designs, builds, finances and manages facilities such as transport systems, public and private buildings, urban developments, and water, energy and communication networks. It divides its business into two sectors: concessions and contracting. Receive News & Ratings for Vinci SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vinci SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,919 -23.69 -0.11% Nasdaq 6,116 -13.18 -0.22% S&P 500 2,394 -5.19 -0.22% 3:05 A.M. ET Updated United evacuates Houston flight after scorpion spotted 3:05 A.M. ET Thyssenkrupp falls 4.6% in early trade 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,727 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,385.13 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens flat at 7,388.43 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 394.74 2:53 A.M. ET AstraZeneca plans Imfinzi submission after trial 2:51 A.M. ET German GDP up 0.6% on buoyant trade, beating U.S. 2:15 A.M. ET Noble shares slide to fresh 15-year low 2:14 A.M. ET Petrobras posts biggest profit in 2 years 2:14 A.M. ET Greece eyes bond sale amid optimism over debt deal 1:58 A.M. ET United Internet to acquire Drillisch for $3.04B 1:15 A.M. ET Updated Oil poised to gain more than 3% this week as hopes grow over OPEC resolve 12:57 A.M. ET Petrobras posts largest profit in two years 12:01 A.M. ET Fraud alerts are on the rise. Here’s why. 12:01 A.M. ET Why credit and debit card fraud alerts have spiked 5/11 Judge deals blows against Uber in legal battle with Alphabet 5/11 White House announces trade deal with China to boost U.S. exports 5/11 Asian markets pull back after weak earnings in U.S. Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release DICK'S Sporting Goods Announces Leadership Changes By Published: May 11, 2017 12:15 p.m. ET Share -- André Hawaux announced retirement-- Lauren Hobart named President-- Keri Jones to join the Company as Chief Merchant-- Donald Germano to re-join the Company to lead Stores PITTSBURGH, May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc. DKS, -2.07% announced today a number of leadership changes.   André Hawaux is retiring from his position as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Hawaux will remain with the Company through the second quarter of 2017. "André has been an instrumental member of our executive leadership team and has played a key role in executing our strategic plan," said Edward Stack, Chairman and CEO. "I am thankful to him for his dedicated service and for his continued partnership to facilitate a smooth transition." Lauren Hobart has been appointed President of DICK'S Sporting Goods effective immediately, reporting to Edward Stack. As President, Ms. Hobart will continue to lead the Company's customer and digital efforts, overseeing Marketing, eCommerce and DICK'S Team Sports HQ, and will assume responsibility for the Stores. Ms. Hobart joined DICK'S in February 2011 as Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer and was promoted to Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer in 2015, with responsibility over DICK'S, Golf Galaxy and Field & Stream marketing. Most recently she served as Executive Vice President, Chief Customer & Digital officer. Ms. Hobart also serves as President of The DICK'S Sporting Goods Foundation, as well as on the Board of Directors for Sonic Corp. Prior to DICK'S, Ms. Hobart spent 14 years at PepsiCo in various strategic planning and marketing roles, culminating in serving as Chief Marketing Officer of Carbonated Soft Drinks in North America. Prior to that, she spent five years in banking at Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase. Ms. Hobart is a graduate of The University of Pennsylvania and holds an MBA from Stanford University. "I am delighted to announce Lauren's appointment to President. In her six years with the Company, she has proven to be an invaluable and inspirational leader," said Edward Stack, Chairman and CEO. "Lauren is credited with elevating the DICK'S brand, leading the development of DICK'S Team Sports HQ and building the Calia by Carrie Underwood brand. She also was instrumental in the creation of The DICK'S Sporting Goods Foundation. Lauren's extensive leadership experience will be essential to the continued growth and success of the Company." Mr. Stack continued, "Importantly, Lauren's appointment will further our efforts to drive omni-channel consumer engagement, while creating a more efficient and focused organization." Keri Jones will join the Company on May 22, 2017 as Executive Vice President, Chief Merchant, reporting to Edward Stack. In this capacity, Ms. Jones will be responsible for the strategy and execution of the Company's Merchandising, Product Development and Merchandise Planning, Allocation and Replenishment organizations. Ms. Jones joins DICK'S following an impressive 30-year career in retail. Prior to joining the Company, she held a variety of leadership positions at Target Corporation, including Vice President, General Merchandising Manager of Toys and Sporting Goods, Senior Vice President of Health and Beauty, Executive Vice President of Merchandising Planning and Operations, and most recently as Executive Vice President of Global Supply Chain.  Stack noted that, "We are pleased to welcome Keri to DICK'S Sporting Goods and look forward to benefiting from her extensive retail experience as we execute our new merchandising strategy."  Don Germano, who led the Company's Stores organization from 2010 through 2013, will re-join DICK'S on May 30, 2017 as Senior Vice President, Operations, reporting to Lauren Hobart. In this capacity, Mr. Germano will lead the Company's Stores organization, including Store leadership, environment and operations. Most recently, Don served as President of the Follett Higher Education Group. Prior to his time at DICK'S, he held a number of leadership positions at Sears Holdings, Kmart and Nabisco.  Stack added that, "We are pleased to welcome back Don to DICK'S Sporting Goods. Don is a strong leader with a deep background in retail operations."   About DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc. Founded in 1948, DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc. is a leading omni-channel sporting goods retailer offering an extensive assortment of authentic, high-quality sports equipment, apparel, footwear and accessories. As of April 29, 2017, the Company operated more than 690 DICK'S Sporting Goods locations across the United States, serving and inspiring athletes and outdoor enthusiasts to achieve their personal best through a blend of dedicated associates, in-store services and unique specialty shop-in-shops dedicated to Team Sports, Athletic Apparel, Golf, Lodge/Outdoor, Fitness and Footwear. Headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA, DICK'S also owns and operates Golf Galaxy and Field & Stream specialty stores, as well as DICK'S Team Sports HQ, an all-in-one youth sports digital platform offering free league management services, mobile apps for scheduling, communications and live scorekeeping, custom uniforms and FanWear and access to donations and sponsorships. DICK'S offers its products through a content-rich eCommerce platform that is integrated with its store network and provides customers with the convenience and expertise of a 24-hour storefront.  For more information, visit the Press Room or Investor Relations pages at dicks.com. Contacts:Investor Relations: Nate Gilch, Director of Investor Relations (724) 273-3400 or investors@dcsg.com Media Relations: (724) 273-5552 or press@dcsg.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dicks-sporting-goods-announces-leadership-changes-300456084.html SOURCE DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc. Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References DKS -1.06 -2.07% Most Popular Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover Nvidia’s $3 billion chip sends stock to yet more records Watch as helicopter warns surfers they’re next to ‘approximately 15 great white sharks’ Morgan Stanley says risk of a recession has decreased to 1-in-4 odds 'Forest Bathers' Seek Therapeutic Effects of Trees MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dick's Sporting Goods Inc. U.S.: NYSE: DKS $50.19 -1.06 (-2.07%) Volume 2.2M Open $50.51 High $51.00 Low $49.62 P/E Ratio 19.53 Div Yield 1.35 Market Cap 5.8B
News & Features Latest News▶ Opinion▶ Features▶ Galleries▶ Topics▶ Investments Alternative Investments Bonds / Fixed Income International Investing REITs Socially Conscious Investing Insurance Annuities Health Care Life Insurance Variable Annuities Broker-dealers Independent Broker-dealers Regional Brokerages Wirehouses Retirement 401(k) Defined Benefit Plans Defined Contribution Plans IRAs Social Security Your Practice Client Prospecting Client Servicing Staffing / Personnel Succession Planning Video INTV Eric Sontag: What advisers who are reluctant to use robo-advisers should know Events Michigan's Harbaugh: My advice for advisers Smarter in 60 Seconds Factor Investing: Experience Counts Gadget Girl Gadget Girl: The case of airborne efficiency Secrets Behind Success A financial planning pioneer Data & Resources Fiduciary Focus The DOL rule from all angles. Fiduciary Focus is your one-stop resource for learning how the DOL's fiduciary rule is changing the advice business. B-D Data Center Find out which firms offer the highest payouts, have the most reps in the field and generate the most revenue - or create your own custom rankings. The Adviser Center Before you change firms, make a new hire or explore an acquisition, visit the new InvestmentNews Adviser Center. Advisers on the Move Track the latest teams of advisers and brokers changing firms and view recruiting activity at wirehouses, regional brokerages, RIAs and IBDs. More White Paper Library RIA Data Center Data Library Research Adviser Research Dashboard This interactive, customizable tool allows you to view detailed data on compensation, staffing and financial performance practices from across the industry. Adviser Technology A comprehensive study highlighting the best technology practices of both your peers and top-performing advisory firms. Financial Performance Benchmark your business against the industry's best practices with the 2016 InvestmentNews Financial Performance Study of Advisory Firms. Data Store Visit the InvestmentNews Data Store to purchase adviser tools, studies and data spreadsheets. More Compensation & Staffing Succession Planning Custom Research Events Womens Forum: Focus on Leadership June 20, 2017 | New York Prepare to be inspired at this event tailored to women working in the financial services industry. Women Adviser Summit July 11, 2017 Boston | Nov. 9, 2017 San Francisco | For sophisticated female advisers who want to take their personal and professional self to the next level. Innovations in Investing Summit September 18-19, 2017 | Chicago For advisers providing the differentiated investment approaches demanded by todays savvy investors. Webcasts Check out the latest webcasts available covering the most important topics in the industry. Many qualify for CE credits. More Best Practices Retirement Income Summit Women to Watch Icons & Innovators Subscribe Author: - All - Jeff Benjamin Mary Beth Franklin Greg Iacurci Bruce Kelly Mark Schoeff Jr. Liz Skinner John Waggoner  Sections News & Features Latest News Opinion Features Galleries Topics Video INTV ETF Exchange Events Practice Makeover Wealthtrack Data & Resources Fiduciary Focus B-D Data Center The Adviser Center Advisers on the Move White Paper Library RIA Data Center Data Library Research & Studies Adviser Research Dashboard Adviser Technology Financial Performance Data Store Compensation & Staffing Succession Planning Custom Research Events All Events Womens Forum: Focus on Leadership Women Adviser Summit Innovations in Investing Summit Webcasts Best Practices Retirement Income Summit Women to Watch Icons & Innovators Outside-INblog Outside voices and views for advisers Archives » Contact » Private equity adds fuel to 401(k) record-keeper consolidation Private-equity firms have snapped up a bunch of record keepers, perhaps motivated by access to millions of participants to whom they can sell a variety of financial products May 11, 2017 @ 11:28 am By Fred Barstein + Zoom Just as 401(k) record keepers cry poverty, claiming there are no profit margins left and fueling consolidation, private equity has jumped in, perhaps seeing value that traditional record keepers are missing. What's causing this consolidation and what does private equity see that the rest of the industry doesn't? Just like with the airline industry five years ago, 401(k) record keepers have been selling fast, though there have been fewer deals recently. There were more than 100 national record keepers over a decade ago, but money managers with little or no relevant skill sets dropped out… Most Popular 1 NAPA says DOL secretary Alexander Acosta wants to freeze fiduciary rule 2 Cetera to integrate robo for advisers 3 Barclays will refund $97 million to advisory, brokerage clients Sponsored financial news X Subscribe and Save 60% Premium Access Print + Digital Learn more Subscribe to Print Newsletter Sign-up Register Now in print This week's issue To download the full contents of this week's issue, click here. Past Issues April 29, 2017 April 22, 2017 April 17, 2017 Subscribe to Print Get daily news & intel The pulse of the financial advisory industry. Breaking news and in-depth coverage of essential topics delivered straight to your inbox. view all newsletters Connect with us Register to access our archive of leading investment information and data Follow @newsfromIN Follow @eventsfromIN Follow @statsfromIN Follow InvestmentNews Financial Adviser Group Retirement Income Summit Group Alternative Investments Conference 40 Under 40 Like us on Facebook Like our fan page to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews. Latest News & Opinion Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews. About Contact Staff Help Center Editorial Calendar Media Kit Reprints Content Strategy Studio Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc. Use of editorial content without permission is strictly prohibited. Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions are applicable to you. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman DICK’S Sporting Goods Announces Leadership Changes -- André Hawaux announced retirement-- Lauren Hobart named President-- Keri Jones to join the Company as Chief Merchant-- Donald Germano to re-join the Company to lead Stores PITTSBURGH, May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc. (NYSE: DKS) announced today a number of leadership changes.   André Hawaux is retiring from his position as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Hawaux will remain with the Company through the second quarter of 2017. "André has been an instrumental member of our executive leadership team and has played a key role in executing our strategic plan," said Edward Stack, Chairman and CEO. "I am thankful to him for his dedicated service and for his continued partnership to facilitate a smooth transition." Lauren Hobart has been appointed President of DICK'S Sporting Goods effective immediately, reporting to Edward Stack. As President, Ms. Hobart will continue to lead the Company's customer and digital efforts, overseeing Marketing, eCommerce and DICK'S Team Sports HQ, and will assume responsibility for the Stores. Ms. Hobart joined DICK'S in February 2011 as Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer and was promoted to Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer in 2015, with responsibility over DICK'S, Golf Galaxy and Field & Stream marketing. Most recently she served as Executive Vice President, Chief Customer & Digital officer. Ms. Hobart also serves as President of The DICK'S Sporting Goods Foundation, as well as on the Board of Directors for Sonic Corp. Prior to DICK'S, Ms. Hobart spent 14 years at PepsiCo in various strategic planning and marketing roles, culminating in serving as Chief Marketing Officer of Carbonated Soft Drinks in North America. Prior to that, she spent five years in banking at Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase. Ms. Hobart is a graduate of The University of Pennsylvania and holds an MBA from Stanford University. "I am delighted to announce Lauren's appointment to President. In her six years with the Company, she has proven to be an invaluable and inspirational leader," said Edward Stack, Chairman and CEO. "Lauren is credited with elevating the DICK'S brand, leading the development of DICK'S Team Sports HQ and building the Calia by Carrie Underwood brand. She also was instrumental in the creation of The DICK'S Sporting Goods Foundation. Lauren's extensive leadership experience will be essential to the continued growth and success of the Company." Mr. Stack continued, "Importantly, Lauren's appointment will further our efforts to drive omni-channel consumer engagement, while creating a more efficient and focused organization." Keri Jones will join the Company on May 22, 2017 as Executive Vice President, Chief Merchant, reporting to Edward Stack. In this capacity, Ms. Jones will be responsible for the strategy and execution of the Company's Merchandising, Product Development and Merchandise Planning, Allocation and Replenishment organizations. Ms. Jones joins DICK'S following an impressive 30-year career in retail. Prior to joining the Company, she held a variety of leadership positions at Target Corporation, including Vice President, General Merchandising Manager of Toys and Sporting Goods, Senior Vice President of Health and Beauty, Executive Vice President of Merchandising Planning and Operations, and most recently as Executive Vice President of Global Supply Chain.  Stack noted that, "We are pleased to welcome Keri to DICK'S Sporting Goods and look forward to benefiting from her extensive retail experience as we execute our new merchandising strategy."  Don Germano, who led the Company's Stores organization from 2010 through 2013, will re-join DICK'S on May 30, 2017 as Senior Vice President, Operations, reporting to Lauren Hobart. In this capacity, Mr. Germano will lead the Company's Stores organization, including Store leadership, environment and operations. Most recently, Don served as President of the Follett Higher Education Group. Prior to his time at DICK'S, he held a number of leadership positions at Sears Holdings, Kmart and Nabisco.  Stack added that, "We are pleased to welcome back Don to DICK'S Sporting Goods. Don is a strong leader with a deep background in retail operations."   About DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc. Founded in 1948, DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc. is a leading omni-channel sporting goods retailer offering an extensive assortment of authentic, high-quality sports equipment, apparel, footwear and accessories. As of April 29, 2017, the Company operated more than 690 DICK'S Sporting Goods locations across the United States, serving and inspiring athletes and outdoor enthusiasts to achieve their personal best through a blend of dedicated associates, in-store services and unique specialty shop-in-shops dedicated to Team Sports, Athletic Apparel, Golf, Lodge/Outdoor, Fitness and Footwear. Headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA, DICK'S also owns and operates Golf Galaxy and Field & Stream specialty stores, as well as DICK'S Team Sports HQ, an all-in-one youth sports digital platform offering free league management services, mobile apps for scheduling, communications and live scorekeeping, custom uniforms and FanWear and access to donations and sponsorships. DICK'S offers its products through a content-rich eCommerce platform that is integrated with its store network and provides customers with the convenience and expertise of a 24-hour storefront.  For more information, visit the Press Room or Investor Relations pages at dicks.com. Contacts: Investor Relations: Nate Gilch, Director of Investor Relations (724) 273-3400 or investors@dcsg.com Media Relations: (724) 273-5552 or press@dcsg.com SOURCE DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Personnel Announcements, Retail, Sports, Sports Equipment & Accessories Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Result of Open Offer Next PostNext BUYINS.NET: STB SqueezeTrigger Price is $5.78. There is $27,843,531 That Short Sellers Still Need To Cover. Search Recent Posts Orange County Training Launches DWI-Ignition Interlock Enforcement Initiative Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman DICK’S Sporting Goods Announces Leadership Changes PITTSBURGH, May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — DICK’S Sporting Goods, Inc. (NYSE: DKS) announced today a number of leadership changes.   André Hawaux is retiring from his position as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Hawaux will remain with the Company through the second quarter of 2017. „André has been an instrumental member of our executive leadership team and has played a key role in executing our strategic plan,” said Edward Stack, Chairman and CEO. „I am thankful to him for his dedicated service and for his continued partnership to facilitate a smooth transition.” Lauren Hobart has been appointed President of DICK’S Sporting Goods effective immediately, reporting to Edward Stack. As President, Ms. Hobart will continue to lead the Company’s customer and digital efforts, overseeing Marketing, eCommerce and DICK’S Team Sports HQ, and will assume responsibility for the Stores. Ms. Hobart joined DICK’S in February 2011 as Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer and was promoted to Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer in 2015, with responsibility over DICK’S, Golf Galaxy and Field & Stream marketing. Most recently she served as Executive Vice President, Chief Customer & Digital officer. Ms. Hobart also serves as President of The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation, as well as on the Board of Directors for Sonic Corp. Prior to DICK’S, Ms. Hobart spent 14 years at PepsiCo in various strategic planning and marketing roles, culminating in serving as Chief Marketing Officer of Carbonated Soft Drinks in North America. Prior to that, she spent five years in banking at Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase. Ms. Hobart is a graduate of The University of Pennsylvania and holds an MBA from Stanford University. „I am delighted to announce Lauren’s appointment to President. In her six years with the Company, she has proven to be an invaluable and inspirational leader,” said Edward Stack, Chairman and CEO. „Lauren is credited with elevating the DICK’S brand, leading the development of DICK’S Team Sports HQ and building the Calia by Carrie Underwood brand. She also was instrumental in the creation of The DICK’S Sporting Goods Foundation. Lauren’s extensive leadership experience will be essential to the continued growth and success of the Company.” Mr. Stack continued, „Importantly, Lauren’s appointment will further our efforts to drive omni-channel consumer engagement, while creating a more efficient and focused organization.” Keri Jones will join the Company on May 22, 2017 as Executive Vice President, Chief Merchant, reporting to Edward Stack. In this capacity, Ms. Jones will be responsible for the strategy and execution of the Company’s Merchandising, Product Development and Merchandise Planning, Allocation and Replenishment organizations. Ms. Jones joins DICK’S following an impressive 30-year career in retail. Prior to joining the Company, she held a variety of leadership positions at Target Corporation, including Vice President, General Merchandising Manager of Toys and Sporting Goods, Senior Vice President of Health and Beauty, Executive Vice President of Merchandising Planning and Operations, and most recently as Executive Vice President of Global Supply Chain.  Stack noted that, „We are pleased to welcome Keri to DICK’S Sporting Goods and look forward to benefiting from her extensive retail experience as we execute our new merchandising strategy.”  Don Germano, who led the Company’s Stores organization from 2010 through 2013, will re-join DICK’S on May 30, 2017 as Senior Vice President, Operations, reporting to Lauren Hobart. In this capacity, Mr. Germano will lead the Company’s Stores organization, including Store leadership, environment and operations. Most recently, Don served as President of the Follett Higher Education Group. Prior to his time at DICK’S, he held a number of leadership positions at Sears Holdings, Kmart and Nabisco.  Stack added that, „We are pleased to welcome back Don to DICK’S Sporting Goods. Don is a strong leader with a deep background in retail operations.”   About DICK’S Sporting Goods, Inc. Founded in 1948, DICK’S Sporting Goods, Inc. is a leading omni-channel sporting goods retailer offering an extensive assortment of authentic, high-quality sports equipment, apparel, footwear and accessories. As of April 29, 2017, the Company operated more than 690 DICK’S Sporting Goods locations across the United States, serving and inspiring athletes and outdoor enthusiasts to achieve their personal best through a blend of dedicated associates, in-store services and unique specialty shop-in-shops dedicated to Team Sports, Athletic Apparel, Golf, Lodge/Outdoor, Fitness and Footwear. Headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA, DICK’S also owns and operates Golf Galaxy and Field & Stream specialty stores, as well as DICK’S Team Sports HQ, an all-in-one youth sports digital platform offering free league management services, mobile apps for scheduling, communications and live scorekeeping, custom uniforms and FanWear and access to donations and sponsorships. DICK’S offers its products through a content-rich eCommerce platform that is integrated with its store network and provides customers with the convenience and expertise of a 24-hour storefront.  For more information, visit the Press Room or Investor Relations pages at dicks.com. Contacts: Investor Relations: Nate Gilch, Director of Investor Relations (724) 273-3400 or investors@dcsg.com Media Relations: (724) 273-5552 or press@dcsg.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dicks-sporting-goods-announces-leadership-changes-300456084.html SOURCE DICK’S Sporting Goods, Inc. Related Links http://www.dickssportinggoods.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Press release on Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov’s meeting with Egypt’s Ambassador to Russia Mohamed El-Badri Next PostNext Breyting á yfirstjórn Reykjagarðs hf. dótturfélags Sláturfélags Suðurlands Search Recent Posts AAP Responds to Senate Committee Passage of the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017 Ceiling Fans Market Growth 2017- Haifa Chemicals, Yara,Arab Potash Company, Omex, Everris, Bunge, SQM Beauty and Personal Care Industry in Brazil Insomnia Therapeutics Market Estimated to Expand at a Robust CAGR over 2021 Hybrid Power Systems Market Forecasts to grow at a CAGR of 7.2% by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 32-57 We set you thinking Friday 12 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business China does not pursue trade surplus with U.S.: vice commerce minister 1494571856 Business China official discourages linking U.S. trade moves to North Korea issue 1494571877 Business U.S., China reach deals on access for beef, financial services 1494571877 Business South Korea orders Hyundai, Kia to recall vehicles after whistleblower report 1494572060 World France's Macron open to talks with willing conservatives 1494571296 Business Asian shares retreat, but on track for winning week 1494570794 World ‘The best words’: Trump may be a poet without knowing it 1494571312 Singapore Southeast Asia ride-hailing service Grab says open to more acquisitions 1494565380 Singapore NUS-NTU hack: What is an 'advanced persistent threat' cyber attack? 1494568800 World In Senegal, Iran and Saudi Arabia vie for religious influence 1494569730 Singapore NUS-NTU hack: Other recent cyber breaches in Singapore 1494568800 World Nepal to vote in local polls for first time in two decades 1494568669 Singapore NUS, NTU hit by sophisticated cyber-attacks 1494568800 Business US candymakers band together to reduce calories 1494543540 World Turkey detains dozens of former bourse staff over Gulen links: media 1494568184 World Fears of U.S. drift on rights under Trump as Cambodia suffers crackdown 1494567567 Business Nordstrom's comparable sales miss deepens department-store gloom 1494538936 World Venezuela official says poo bombs are ‘chemical weapons’ 1494567132 Business Japan government names and shames 'black' companies violating labor laws 1494565304 World Carbon dating confirms ‘Penang Woman’ is 5,710 years old 1494565915 Business U.S. judge calls for criminal probe into trade secrets theft raised in Uber case 1494565596 World French-led force postpones Pacific beach attack drills after landing craft mishap 1494562321 World Cash and chemicals: for Laos, Chinese banana boom a blessing and curse 1494562207 World Thailand's new king watches as sacred oxen predict good harvest 1494560860 World Transgender officer welcomed back to Argentine police force 1494564711 World Najib slams former Umno leaders for betraying party 1494532920 World 21 arrested after birthday brawl in Bangsar 1494562560 World Philippine police make more child cybersex arrests, rescues 1494561660 World Taiwan child killer escapes death penalty 1494560160 Singapore Dozens of Sungei Road market vendors accept government help 1494561600 World Malaysia’s Education Ministry to look into student who filmed English class on smartwatch 1494560760 Business Mexico says called Trump's bluff when he eyed NAFTA exit 1494560943 Tech US intel chiefs express doubts about Kaspersky security software because of Russian roots 1494561411 Business Exclusive: IEA to review oil demand outlook after China, India signal auto policy shifts 1494560164 World 60kg turtle rescued after being trapped in Port Dickson power station 1494559912 World Commentator who amplified Macron hacks given White House press access 1494559511 Singapore Metro founder’s grandson acquitted of 2 drug trafficking charges, but pleads guilty to 2 drug possession charges 1494557700 World Australia considering NATO request to send more troops to Afghanistan 1494558384 World Deaf Japanese tourist claims mistreatment at Hawaii airport 1494556609 Lifestyle Happy hour deals in Singapore you won’t want to miss 1494554760 Business Kushner Cos says to skip China marketing push this weekend 1494555629 World In a private dinner, Trump demanded loyalty; Comey promised only honesty 1494551760 Voices SGH medical team made hospital stay a pleasant experience 1494553909 Business General Electric wins Mexico deal for two gigawatt power projects 1494550815 World Odebrecht witness says Argentine spy chief received bribes: source 1494550484 World Trump calls Comey a ‘showboat,’ denies colluding with Russia 1494550610 World Gunmen kill activist who searched for Mexico's disappeared: authorities 1494548599 World Venezuela opposition seeks Latin American support for 'democratic agenda' 1494546603 Business Wells Fargo eyes return to mortgage deals shunned since crisis 1494546962 Singapore Costs, tight timeline among farmers' concerns over tender 1494519360 Business Exclusive: Barclays rejigs global investment banking team, seeks new hires mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 11:45 PM, May 11, 2017 LONDON - Barclays <BARC.L> reshuffled its senior global investment bank management on Thursday and is seeking to hire between 50 to 100 people to boost the division under new chief Tim Throsby, according to sources with direct knowledge of the plans. Throsby will become interim head of the bank's markets division while Joe Corcoran, who previously held the role, will move to the newly created position of vice chairman of markets, the sources said as the bank looks to take on Wall Street rivals. Joe McGrath will be the new global head of banking at Barclays and John Miller will become the head of global industry coverage banking, reporting to McGrath. A spokesman for Barclays confirmed the changes. CEO Jes Staley has stressed that investment banking is a key pillar of the bank's growth strategy and in September appointed former JPMorgan <JPM.N> colleague Throsby to head the international division that houses Barclays' investment bank. The British bank worried investors in April when first quarter results showed a weak performance at its markets business, missing out on a bond trading boom enjoyed by Wall Street rivals in the first three months of 2017. Staley attributed the poor showing to weakness in the bank's U.S. rates business and a tough comparison with the previous year, saying it would be wrong to start questioning the business based on one quarter's performance. Since taking up his role in January, 50-year-old Australian Throsby has stressed that the investment bank is trying to shift the business from survival mode to flourish mode, according to a person familiar with the matter. As part of Throsby's bid to beef up the investment bank he is looking to hire between 50 and 100 people globally and will focus on key areas such as rates trading, foreign exchange and also equities, according to the same source who spoke on condition of anonymity. In Barclays' trading division, income from its markets business fell 4 percent to 1.35 billion pounds ($1.75 billion) in the first three months of the year, as macro income fell 14 percent due to a weaker performance by its U.S. rates business in particular. Barclays fared better in advisory and underwriting, reporting its best ever performance in debt capital markets in terms of market share. Banking fees jumped 51 percent to 726 million pounds, its best performance in three years, outperforming an average 33 percent rise across the U.S. banks. The bank, which hopes to turn a chapter on its restructuring plans in June with the closure of its non-core business, is hoping to compete with Wall Street rivals and in order to do so is looking for senior level hires, particularly in sales and trading on a case-by-case basis. One such position immediately up for grabs is head of Europe and Middle East banking, for which McGrath will recruit both internally and externally, one of the sources said. Jean-Francois Astier will head the bank's global capital markets business. Sam Dean, head of corporate finance for Europe, will retire from the firm as part of the changes, according to the sources. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus With Obamacare vote, House Republicans free to turn to tax reform With maiden jet flight, China enters dog-fight with Boeing, Airbus With eye on millennials, Coach buys Kate Spade Whole Foods names new CFO, directors Whole Foods in board shake-up amid investor pressure: source Whole Foods board overhaul fails to satisfy activist Jana: source Wells Fargo says agrees with Buffett and is fixing its problems Wells Fargo eyes return to mortgage deals shunned since crisis Wells Fargo doubles cost-cut goal but offers soft revenue outlook Inside Today World ‘The best words’: Trump may be a poet without knowing it France's Macron open to talks with willing conservatives In Senegal, Iran and Saudi Arabia vie for religious influence Nepal to vote in local polls for first time in two decades Turkey detains dozens of former bourse staff over Gulen links: media Business South Korea orders Hyundai, Kia to recall vehicles after whistleblower report U.S., China reach deals on access for beef, financial services China official discourages linking U.S. trade moves to North Korea issue Asian shares retreat, but on track for winning week U.S. judge calls for criminal probe into trade secrets theft raised in Uber case Sports Malaysian FA asks govt to make call onN Korea trip Tougher tests await Blues, Conte — but will he stay? Global law firm Linklaters is Open Swim Stars Sunset Race's new presenting sponsor SportSg launches plan to improve coaching standards, careers J-League’s Gamba punished for banner resembling Nazi symbol Entertainment Scalpers try their luck hawking Ed Sheeran concert tickets online Scalpers try their luck hawking Ed Sheeran concert tickets online Ryan Seacrest in advanced talks to return as American Idol host for ABC revival Pitbull cancels Singapore show Tickets to Ed Sheeran Nov 11 concert sell out in 40 minutes About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Exclusive: Barclays rejigs global investment banking team, seeks new hires Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Exclusive: Barclays rejigs global investment banking team, seeks new hires Advertisement Business Exclusive: Barclays rejigs global investment banking team, seeks new hires Barclays reshuffled its senior global investment bank management on Thursday and is seeking to hire between 50 to 100 people to boost the division under new chief Tim Throsby, according to sources with direct knowledge of the plans. A Barclays sign is seen outside a branch of the bank in London, Britain, February 23, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth - RTSZZTM 11 May 2017 11:45PM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail LONDON: Barclays reshuffled its senior global investment bank management on Thursday and is seeking to hire between 50 to 100 people to boost the division under new chief Tim Throsby, according to sources with direct knowledge of the plans. Throsby will become interim head of the bank's markets division while Joe Corcoran, who previously held the role, will move to the newly created position of vice chairman of markets, the sources said as the bank looks to take on Wall Street rivals. Joe McGrath will be the new global head of banking at Barclays and John Miller will become the head of global industry coverage banking, reporting to McGrath. A spokesman for Barclays confirmed the changes. CEO Jes Staley has stressed that investment banking is a key pillar of the bank's growth strategy and in September appointed former JPMorgan colleague Throsby to head the international division that houses Barclays' investment bank. Advertisement Advertisement The British bank worried investors in April when first quarter results showed a weak performance at its markets business, missing out on a bond trading boom enjoyed by Wall Street rivals in the first three months of 2017. Staley attributed the poor showing to weakness in the bank's U.S. rates business and a tough comparison with the previous year, saying it would be wrong to start questioning the business based on one quarter's performance. Since taking up his role in January, 50-year-old Australian Throsby has stressed that the investment bank is trying to shift the business from survival mode to flourish mode, according to a person familiar with the matter. As part of Throsby's bid to beef up the investment bank he is looking to hire between 50 and 100 people globally and will focus on key areas such as rates trading, foreign exchange and also equities, according to the same source who spoke on condition of anonymity. In Barclays' trading division, income from its markets business fell 4 percent to 1.35 billion pounds (US$1.75 billion) in the first three months of the year, as macro income fell 14 percent due to a weaker performance by its U.S. rates business in particular. Barclays fared better in advisory and underwriting, reporting its best ever performance in debt capital markets in terms of market share. Banking fees jumped 51 percent to 726 million pounds, its best performance in three years, outperforming an average 33 percent rise across the U.S. banks. The bank, which hopes to turn a chapter on its restructuring plans in June with the closure of its non-core business, is hoping to compete with Wall Street rivals and in order to do so is looking for senior level hires, particularly in sales and trading on a case-by-case basis. One such position immediately up for grabs is head of Europe and Middle East banking, for which McGrath will recruit both internally and externally, one of the sources said. Jean-Francois Astier will head the bank's global capital markets business. Sam Dean, head of corporate finance for Europe, will retire from the firm as part of the changes, according to the sources. (Reporting By Anjuli Davies and Lawrence White; Editing by Rachel Armstrong) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DXC Technology Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DXC Technology Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Invests $779,000 in Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) Canaccord Genuity Lowers First Commonwealth Financial (FCF) to Speculative Buy Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Has $745,000 Stake in Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Norris Perne & French LLP MI Has $5.71 Million Stake in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Morgan Stanley Raises Entergy Co. (ETR) Price Target to $78.00 Credit Suisse Group AG Trims Fluor Co. (NEW) (FLR) Target Price to $52.00 Amica Mutual Insurance Co. Has $1,115,000 Stake in VF Corp (VFC) Amica Pension Fund Board of Trustees Has $956,000 Stake in Devon Energy Corp (DVN) PPL Corp (PPL) Stake Held by American National Insurance Co. TX Fitbit’s (FIT) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at Dougherty & Co DXC Technology Company (DXC) Given Buy Rating at Royal Bank of Canada Fitbit Inc (FIT) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Decreases Stake in Devon Energy Corp (DVN) Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Decreases Position in Gerdau SA (GGB) Blue Hills Bancorp (BHBK) Getting Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Study Shows Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Likely to Impact Civeo (CVEO) Stock Price Insider Selling: EnPro Industries, Inc. (NPO) Insider Sells $49,988.82 in Stock Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) Major Shareholder Sells $61,300.00 in Stock Insider Selling: TechTarget Inc (TTGT) President Sells $69,934.14 in Stock DXC Technology Company (DXC) Given Buy Rating at Royal Bank of Canada May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Royal Bank of Canada restated their buy rating on shares of DXC Technology Company (NYSE:DXC) in a research note released on Friday. The brokerage currently has a $87.00 target price on the stock. Several other analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc initiated coverage on shares of DXC Technology Company in a research report on Monday, March 27th. They issued a buy rating and a $84.00 price objective on the stock. Morgan Stanley upgraded shares of DXC Technology Company from an equal weight rating to an overweight rating and lifted their price objective for the company from $68.00 to $85.00 in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Citigroup Inc reiterated a buy rating on shares of DXC Technology Company in a research report on Monday, April 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of DXC Technology Company in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. They issued an overweight rating and a $90.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of DXC Technology Company from a hold rating to a strong-buy rating and set a $87.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the stock. DXC Technology Company presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $87.80. DXC Technology Company (NYSE:DXC) traded down 0.48% on Friday, reaching $79.23. 773,535 shares of the company traded hands. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $73.71 and a 200-day moving average price of $65.63. DXC Technology Company has a 12 month low of $33.34 and a 12 month high of $80.03. The company’s market capitalization is $11.18 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/dxc-technology-company-dxc-given-buy-rating-at-royal-bank-of-canada.html. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in DXC. Neuberger Berman Group LLC bought a new stake in DXC Technology Company during the first quarter worth approximately $233,000. Delta Lloyd NV bought a new stake in DXC Technology Company during the first quarter worth approximately $1,942,000. Private Advisor Group LLC bought a new stake in DXC Technology Company during the first quarter worth approximately $295,000. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp bought a new stake in DXC Technology Company during the first quarter worth approximately $39,671,000. Finally, Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC bought a new stake in DXC Technology Company during the first quarter worth approximately $569,000. Receive News & Ratings for DXC Technology Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DXC Technology Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Exclusive: Barclays rejigs global investment banking team, seeks new hires Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Banks | Thu May 11, 2017 | 11:43am EDT Exclusive: Barclays rejigs global investment banking team, seeks new hires FILE PHOTO: A Barclays sign is seen outside a branch of the bank in London, Britain, February 23, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth By Anjuli Davies and Lawrence White | LONDON LONDON Barclays (BARC.L) reshuffled its senior global investment bank management on Thursday and is seeking to hire between 50 to 100 people to boost the division under new chief Tim Throsby, according to sources with direct knowledge of the plans. Throsby will become interim head of the bank's markets division while Joe Corcoran, who previously held the role, will move to the newly created position of vice chairman of markets, the sources said as the bank looks to take on Wall Street rivals. Joe McGrath will be the new global head of banking at Barclays and John Miller will become the head of global industry coverage banking, reporting to McGrath. A spokesman for Barclays confirmed the changes. CEO Jes Staley has stressed that investment banking is a key pillar of the bank's growth strategy and in September appointed former JPMorgan (JPM.N) colleague Throsby to head the international division that houses Barclays' investment bank. The British bank worried investors in April when first quarter results showed a weak performance at its markets business, missing out on a bond trading boom enjoyed by Wall Street rivals in the first three months of 2017. Staley attributed the poor showing to weakness in the bank's U.S. rates business and a tough comparison with the previous year, saying it would be wrong to start questioning the business based on one quarter's performance. Since taking up his role in January, 50-year-old Australian Throsby has stressed that the investment bank is trying to shift the business from survival mode to flourish mode, according to a person familiar with the matter. As part of Throsby's bid to beef up the investment bank he is looking to hire between 50 and 100 people globally and will focus on key areas such as rates trading, foreign exchange and also equities, according to the same source who spoke on condition of anonymity. In Barclays' trading division, income from its markets business fell 4 percent to 1.35 billion pounds ($1.75 billion) in the first three months of the year, as macro income fell 14 percent due to a weaker performance by its U.S. rates business in particular. Barclays fared better in advisory and underwriting, reporting its best ever performance in debt capital markets in terms of market share. Banking fees jumped 51 percent to 726 million pounds, its best performance in three years, outperforming an average 33 percent rise across the U.S. banks. The bank, which hopes to turn a chapter on its restructuring plans in June with the closure of its non-core business, is hoping to compete with Wall Street rivals and in order to do so is looking for senior level hires, particularly in sales and trading on a case-by-case basis. One such position immediately up for grabs is head of Europe and Middle East banking, for which McGrath will recruit both internally and externally, one of the sources said. Jean-Francois Astier will head the bank's global capital markets business. Sam Dean, head of corporate finance for Europe, will retire from the firm as part of the changes, according to the sources. (Reporting By Anjuli Davies and Lawrence White; Editing by Rachel Armstrong) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Banks Goldman Sachs to launch new 'dark pool' for stocks on Friday NEW YORK Goldman Sachs Group Inc will launch a new private stock-trading venue, known as a "dark pool," on Friday, that is run by exchange operator Nasdaq Inc , according to a note to clients obtained by Reuters. RBS defends directors' bonuses in response to criticism EDINBURGH/LONDON Royal Bank of Scotland Thursday defended its new executive pay plan at its annual shareholder meeting on Thursday after some investors criticized the policy for still being too generous. Viacom's shares drop on Deutsche Bank downgrade to 'sell' Viacom Inc shares fell as much as 4.8 percent on Wednesday after Deutsche Bank downgraded the New York-based media company to "sell," citing the expected loss of revenue from a large cable distributor. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |     Search New-look newsletter Sign up for Fin24's newsletter for all the freshest news to start your day. SA ripe for snap election It's time to arrest the belief that solutions can come only from the ANC, says Solly Moeng. Macron and free markets France is on a journey whose destination is still in question, says Mohamed A El-Erian. Home Companies Advertising Agribusiness Financial Services Health ICT Industrial Investment Holdings Mining Property Retail Travel & Leisure Markets Markets News Sens Commodities Currencies Equities News International Economy Budget 2017 South Africa Eskom Africa World Labour Tech News Companies Mobile Opinion Multimedia Personal Finance Debt Insurance Medical Aid Money Clinic Money management Property Retirement Savings & Investments Tax Entrepreneurs Ask the experts Entrepreneur profiles Franchising Getting started MyBusiness News Opinion & Analysis Tips & Tools Opinion Columnists MyFin24 Finweek () All data is delayed Loading... See More We’re currently experiencing serious technical problems on the site, and as a result are unable to update the news – even though our market data is running as per normal. We sincerely apologise for any inconvenience caused and hope to be up and running again this evening. Thank you for your patience in this regard. – David McKay (editor) & team 5 HOT TOPICS: Land, rand, FICA and dark side of online games May 11 2017 17:39 Outgoing National Treasury director general Lungisa Fuzile. (Photo: Matthew le Cordeur) Related Articles Simply seizing land could make SA a second Zim - analyst Inside Treasury boss’s mind: ratings, nuclear, radical transformation Fin24 newsletter’s fresh look   Cape Town – This week saw two prominent economic leaders warn South Africans against calls to seize land, saying it would not lead to economic transformation and that land redistribution requires more nuanced planning. These are Fin24’s five hot topics on Thursday: 1. Land seizures Calls to seize land is not necessarily the path to economic liberation, and South Africa might follow the same path as Zimbabwe if it does not take heed to its neighbour's lessons, said political economist Moeletsi Mbeki. Zimbabwe’s problem was not land redistribution, but rather access to capital. “There was no capital to drive modern agriculture in Zimbabwe,” he said at the inaugural Courageous Conversations dialogue hosted by the Nelson Mandela Foundation on Wednesday night. Outgoing National Treasury director general Lungisa Fuzile added to this message on Tuesday night, when he said that “some of the land that has been redistributed already may not be used as effectively and productively as it should”. He told a UCT Graduate School of Business event that South Africa needs “programmes to skill the people who have the land to assist them in whatever way necessary and possible to put that land to productive use”. 2. The risky rand As South African political risks mount and commodity prices retreat, banks from JPMorgan Chase to Morgan Stanley and Bank of America are telling clients to short the rand against other major emerging-market currencies, including Turkey’s lira and Mexico’s peso, Bloomberg reported. “It’ll be difficult for the rand to regain the bullish momentum that dominated throughout the second half of 2016 and earlier this year,” said Piotr Matys, a currency strategist at Rabobank in London who sees the currency weakening beyond R14 per dollar in the next few months. “The rally is more than likely over.” Meanwhile, some of the banks accused of manipulating trades in the rand are objecting to the complaint by Competition Commission, calling it vague and embarrassing, and demanding it be amended or dropped. “The commission has failed to plead the material facts necessary to sustain the allegation that there was an agreement, or agreements,” between the lenders of colluding to fix the value of the currency, lawyers for Bank of America Merrill Lynch said in a documents published on the Pretoria-based Competition Tribunal’s website on Wednesday. 3. Life insurance complaints The long-term insurance company which received the most complaints during 2016 is Old Mutual, according to the long-term insurance ombudsman’s annual report for 2016. Old Mutual topped the list of complaints, with 723 or 13.77% of total complaints. Of these, 454 cases were considered. Liberty Group ranked second with 587 cases or 11.18% of total complaints. Hollard Life Assurance Company followed, with 492 or 9.37% complaints. Other players like Sanlam Life Insurance saw 273 complaints submitted to the ombudsman. Metropolitan Life clients submitted 376 complaints, MMI Group 316, Assupol Life 300, Clientele Life Assurance Company 226, Discovery Life 184 and Outsurance Life Insurance reported 30 complaints. 4. FICA implementation The regulations that will flow from the signing of the Financial Intelligence Centre Act (FICA) into law will be finalised soon so that the amended piece of legislation can take effect, said Communications Minister Ayanda Dlodlo on Thursday (pictured below on Thursday). During a media briefing following the fortnightly Cabinet meeting, Dlodlo said Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba is currently consulting all the relevant stakeholders that will be part of overseeing FICA. This includes banks, the Financial Intelligence Centre and the prosecuting authorities. 5. Dark side of online games Spend enough time hunting terrorists or wandering dystopian wastelands in online games and you’re bound to come across players hurling xenophobic and racist taunts at each other - from the openly Islamophobic in Europe to Korean and Japanese gamers bickering over disputed islands, Bloomberg reports. Their antics, along with those of peers from a panoply of countries and ethnicities, are gaining notoriety through countless online videos as the embodiment of a global online gaming phenomenon that’s gathered momentum: the spread of xenophobia and racism. Once limited to consoles in the living room, advances in internet speeds and multiplayer technology now let thousands from around the world join the fray, employing microphone headsets to scream everything from encouragement to abuse at each other. Read Fin24's top stories trending on Twitter: Fin24’s top stories Follow Fin24 on Twitter, Facebook, Google+ and Pinterest. 24.com encourages commentary submitted via MyNews24. Contributions of 200 words or more will be considered for publication. WHAT TO READ NEXT {{item.title}} Read more about:    rand  |  gaming  |  fica  |  land redistribution NEXT ON FIN24X BREAKING: Molefe will return to Eskom as CEO 2017-05-12 07:20 Share this page Yahoo! Google Digg del.icio.us Facebook Tweet         Most ReadEditor's Choice Moeletsi Mbeki: The ANC has run its course REVEALED: The life insurance companies with the most complaints BREAKING: Molefe will return to Eskom as CEO I’m not fleeing SA, says Whitey about selling off R1.8bn in shares Wall Street goes sour on rand as JPMorgan cites rising risks ANC transformation plan vague on strategies to boost economy - Soko Transformation at top level not enough - Busa Glimmer of hope as SA economy shows signs of upswing What Africa’s CEOs are most worried about Zuma: I reshuffled my Cabinet to make room for young people Company Snapshot We're talking about... New era looms for National Treasury   Related links: Time for new era of leadership at Treasury, says retiring Donaldson Fuzile believes Treasury can survive political meddling No policy shift at National Treasury, says Fuzile Get the latest with Fin24 Tech Xenophobia, hate speech thrive unchecked in online games 2017-05-11 10:36 Spend enough time hunting terrorists in online games and you’re bound to come across players hurling xenophobic and racist taunts at each other. Snap tumbles after trailing estimates for new users Nedbank restores online banking after IT glitches SA's 'Gumtree for gamers' sees massive growth More Tech Home| Multimedia| News Follow Fin24 Money Clinic Paid most debts, yet rejected for car finance - why? Problem with debit order for roadside assistance Looking for good vehicle finance advice Leaving job due to illness How to submit an enquiry for unclaimed retirement funds Do you have a question about your finances? We'll get an expert opinion. Click here... Voting Booth President Jacob Zuma's decision to sign the Fica Bill into law: Is long overdue Will make it difficult for politically influential people to do business I don't know Is long overdue 65% 347 votes 65 Will make it difficult for politically influential people to do business 17% 91 votes 17 I don't know 18% 93 votes 18 Previous results · Suggest a vote Services Money Clinic Get your financial questions answered. RSS Feeds News delivered really simply. Calculators Easy-to-use personal finance tools. Newsletters You choose what you want. Contact us Lost? Confused? Problems? Let us help you. Data supplied by: RSS feeds  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Advertise on Fin24  |  About us  |  Contact us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokers Issue Forecasts for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (AXL) FY2017 Earnings Estimate for Aecom Issued By DA Davidson (ACM) Brokers Issue Forecasts for Yamana Gold Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (YRI) Alliqua Biomedical Inc (ALQA) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $4.97 Million Keryx Biopharmaceuticals (KERX) Earns Buy Rating from Maxim Group iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. Kindred Biosciences Inc (KIN) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Alteryx Inc (AYX) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance Symantec Co. (SYMC) Updates Q1 Earnings Guidance Agrium (AGU) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Affect AMC Entertainment Holdings (AMC) Share Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect AK Steel Holding (AKS) Stock Price AMETEK (AME) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.16 AptarGroup, Inc. (ATR) Director Buys $141,040.00 in Stock Alon USA Partners (ALDW) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.29 Insider Selling: Chase Co. (CCF) Insider Sells $104,000.00 in Stock Alpha and Omega Semiconductor Ltd (AOSL) VP Sells $129,757.53 in Stock Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Declares $0.30 Quarterly Dividend Institutional Financial Markets Inc (IFMI) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 16th Kopin Co. (KOPN) Shares Down 9.9% Following Weak Earnings Brokers Issue Forecasts for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (AXL) May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AXL) – Analysts at KeyCorp dropped their FY2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings in a report issued on Monday. KeyCorp analyst B. Hoselton now anticipates that the auto parts company will post earnings of $3.55 per share for the year, down from their previous forecast of $3.64. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings (NYSE:AXL) last announced its earnings results on Friday, May 5th. The auto parts company reported $1.03 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.88 by $0.15. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings had a net margin of 6.10% and a return on equity of 54.01%. The business had revenue of $1.05 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.06 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.78 earnings per share. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.2% on a year-over-year basis. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/brokers-issue-forecasts-for-american-axle-manufact-holdings-inc-s-fy2017-earnings-axl.html. A number of other research firms also recently commented on AXL. Citigroup Inc downgraded American Axle & Manufact. Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their target price for the company from $21.00 to $24.00 in a research report on Monday, February 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. FBR & Co reiterated an “underperform” rating on shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded American Axle & Manufact. Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $24.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a $23.00 target price on shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings in a research report on Monday. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $20.38. Shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings (NYSE:AXL) traded up 0.198% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $17.715. 278,131 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $17.57 and its 200 day moving average price is $18.27. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.97 billion, a PE ratio of 5.417 and a beta of 1.37. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings has a one year low of $12.61 and a one year high of $21.25. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Advisors Preferred LLC bought a new stake in shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings during the first quarter worth about $104,000. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. bought a new stake in shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings during the first quarter worth about $124,000. Sei Investments Co. increased its stake in shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings by 1,152.1% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 8,389 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $144,000 after buying an additional 7,719 shares in the last quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue increased its stake in shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings by 2.1% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 8,440 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $158,000 after buying an additional 170 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Bluestein R H & Co. bought a new stake in shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings during the fourth quarter worth about $193,000. Institutional investors own 98.33% of the company’s stock. About American Axle & Manufact. Holdings American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc (AAM) manufactures, engineers, designs and validates driveline and drivetrain systems and related components and chassis modules for light trucks, sport utility vehicles, crossover vehicles, passenger cars and commercial vehicles. Its driveline and drivetrain systems include components that transfer power from the transmission and deliver it to the drive wheels. Receive News & Ratings for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Barclays rejigs global investment banking team, seeks new hires - sources By Reuters Published: 11:42 EDT, 11 May 2017 | Updated: 11:42 EDT, 11 May 2017 e-mail By Anjuli Davies and Lawrence White LONDON, May 11 (Reuters) - Barclays reshuffled its senior global investment bank management on Thursday and is seeking to hire between 50 to 100 people to boost the division under new chief Tim Throsby, according to sources with direct knowledge of the plans. Throsby will become interim head of the bank's markets division while Joe Corcoran, who previously held the role, will move to the newly created position of vice chairman of markets, the sources said as the bank looks to take on Wall Street rivals. Joe McGrath will be the new global head of banking at Barclays and John Miller will become the head of global industry coverage banking, reporting to McGrath. A spokesman for Barclays confirmed the changes. CEO Jes Staley has stressed that investment banking is a key pillar of the bank's growth strategy and in September appointed former JPMorgan colleague Throsby to head the international division that houses Barclays' investment bank. The British bank worried investors in April when first quarter results showed a weak performance at its markets business, missing out on a bond trading boom enjoyed by Wall Street rivals in the first three months of 2017. Staley attributed the poor showing to weakness in the bank's U.S. rates business and a tough comparison with the previous year, saying it would be wrong to start questioning the business based on one quarter's performance. Since taking up his role in January, 50-year-old Australian Throsby has stressed that the investment bank is trying to shift the business from survival mode to flourish mode, according to a person familiar with the matter. As part of Throsby's bid to beef up the investment bank he is looking to hire between 50 and 100 people globally and will focus on key areas such as rates trading, foreign exchange and also equities, according to the same source who spoke on condition of anonymity. In Barclays' trading division, income from its markets business fell 4 percent to 1.35 billion pounds ($1.75 billion) in the first three months of the year, as macro income fell 14 percent due to a weaker performance by its U.S. rates business in particular. Barclays fared better in advisory and underwriting, reporting its best ever performance in debt capital markets in terms of market share. Banking fees jumped 51 percent to 726 million pounds, its best performance in three years, outperforming an average 33 percent rise across the U.S. banks. The bank, which hopes to turn a chapter on its restructuring plans in June with the closure of its non-core business, is hoping to compete with Wall Street rivals and in order to do so is looking for senior level hires, particularly in sales and trading on a case-by-case basis. One such position immediately up for grabs is head of Europe and Middle East banking, for which McGrath will recruit both internally and externally, one of the sources said. Jean-Francois Astier will head the bank's global capital markets business. Sam Dean, head of corporate finance for Europe, will retire from the firm as part of the changes, according to the sources. (Reporting By Anjuli Davies and Lawrence White; Editing by Rachel Armstrong) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Kim Kardashian flashes her famous curves in figure-hugging black midi dress to take daughter North on ice cream outing for KUWTK scenes Miley Cyrus proudly wears her engagement ring while playing the wholesome surfer girl in new video tribute to hunky fiance Liam Hemsworth  'I actually got confused! Shocked fans go into meltdown after Billie Piper shares a rare picture of her almost identical younger sister Elle Rehab? No thanks! Scott Disick parties with gaggle of blondes amid fears he's 'drinking too much' in wake of Kourtney's new toyboy romance Kourtney Kardashian goes NUDE in pool for photoshoot... while 'jealous' Kylie Jenner and sisters watch on Not an inch of fabric to cover up Worried about beach style this summer? Take inspiration from the A-list and pick the look that works for your personality AND body SPONSORED SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Bethany Platt STABS Gary Windass... while evil boyfriend Nathan prepares to set another vile friend upon her Beanie buddies! Justin Timberlake carries Silas wearing matching skull caps and meets up with Jessica Biel Duo were seen arguing in public last week Strawberry please! North West, three, enjoys ice cream cone on day out with mom Kim Kardashian in LA She turns four next month Peep show! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she wears sheer dress with no bra to Dior show in Los Angeles Beach ballerina! Katy Perry twirls around the sea in blush pink dress on girlie vacation in Mexico  Showcased her stunning physique Solo shopper! Jennifer Aniston enjoys some retail therapy in LA after shooting down any hope of a Friends reunion Spotted loading some new goods into her car  'He wants to kill me... I want to kill him' Aaron Chalmers is involved in heated shoving match with rival Greg Jenkins as they weigh in ahead of MMA debut  'I'm very proud of you': Billie Faiers shows her support for pregnant Ferne McCann... as she prepares to welcome best friend into 'the mummy club' All you need to taste the sunshine is a fork! We show you how to EAT your way around the Mediterranean this summer SPONSORED Pippa Middleton 'asks guests to bring TWO outfits to her wedding' - but are the bride-to-be's growing list of demands becoming a 'tad ridiculous'? I'm a Barbie girl! Blonde Kylie Jenner transforms into a 'plastic and fantastic' living doll for eye-popping new shoot Bright young thing Danniella Westbrook sips a cocktail on a luxurious yacht as she soaks up sun in Spain... after EastEnders SLAM claims she will return to the soap Victoria Beckham looks effortlessly chic as she steps out in New York... after missing out on premiere for husband David's big acting debut in King Arthur Baby-faced raver! Hollyoaks' Tom Cunningham parties in Ibiza as childstar films new scenes for spin off of the Channel 4 soap  Good times Snooze to schmooze! Bella Hadid cuts a tired figure as she touches down in London in bright pink pyjamas before hitting the town in sexy ab-flashing ensemble Booty-ful inside and out! Busty Amber Rose reveals famous derriere in low-cut spandex bodysuit on Instagram Continued to flaunt her body  'I'm single at the moment': One Direction's Niall Horan, 23, says he's in 'no rush' to get into a relationship due to his 'flat out' work schedule Gemma Oaten goes public with new boyfriend Scott Walker at Interlude In Prague premiere in London... following heartbreak over Nick Knowles fling 'They're a bunch of w***ers!' Tommy Mallett and Georgia Kousoulou shock Holly Willoughby by fiercely slamming their TOWIE co-stars on Celebrity Juice Cally-Jane Beech slams 'today's labour procedures' after tough 32-hour birth to welcome daughter Vienna by emergency C-section Revving up! Blac Chyna shares snaps of the $273k red Ferrari she received as a birthay gift... but doesn't reveal who it's from Bright red sportscar Braless Joanna Krupa suffers epic wardrobe malfunction as flashbulbs expose her ample assets and underwear under metallic knitted dress  Tess Daly puts on a leggy display in a zip-up cocktail dress slashed to the thigh as she cosies up to husband Vernon Kay during night out Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley showcases her blossoming baby bump in a figure-hugging black maxi dress as she steps out in Santa Monica Lottie Moss looks sartorially savvy as she flashes her lean legs in tiny shorts and suede jacket for dating app launch In London on Thursday Checkmate! Charli XCX flaunts her washboard abs in quirky batwing crop top and coordinating flares as she enjoys launch party in London Bruce Forsyth's wife Wilnelia, 59, looks timeless in midnight blue ensemble as she makes solo appearance after Strictly legend, 89, was hospitalised 'He's a mini version of ME': Liam Payne claims baby son Bear looks like him during meet or greet with fans... as he shares title and release date of his debut solo single It's Jude 2:0! Law's lookalike son Rafferty cuts a handsome figure as he poses for edgy new Timberland campaign Spitting image Newly-single Vanessa White cosies up to Saturdays bandmate Frankie Bridge's ex Dougie Poynter as they catch up at star-studded hotel launch Dakota Johnson pairs blue-patterned jumpsuit with $190 Gucci plastic slides in Hollywood Has called Gucci designer Alessandro Michele 'a good friend' Focusing on family! Kourtney Kardashian spends time with kids at ice cream museum as 'friends fear ex Scott Disick is spiraling out of control' 'When Virgin don't put your bags on the plane!' Lewis Hamilton looks despondent as he waits for missing luggage 'for over an hour' following flight from Los Angeles Revenge wedding! Emily VanCamp takes to Instagram to announce engagement to Josh Bowman The Canadian actress has her engagement ring 'His loss is tough': Halle Berry posts touching tribute to 'beloved' cat Playdough Posted a tribute to her 'beloved' late cat Playdough 'Did we genuinely miss this?': Eurovision fans left fuming when BBC coverage omits Macedonia contestant's romantic proposal Flocked to Twitter 'Couldn't find one perk in this book': 'Jealous' Harry Styles fans target 1D star's rumoured girlfriend Tess Ward as she receives a string of scathing book reviews Casting her spell! Michelle Pfeiffer, 59, looks enchanting in black pantsuit at the Wizard Of Lies premiere in NYC Knows how to enchant Proving her X Factor! Chloe Paige puts on a leggy display in a plunging gold gown slashed to the thigh as she enjoys night out in London Make-up free Amber Dowding dons skin-tight pink tracksuit as she heads to gym... after TOWIE's Chris Clark dumped Little Mix's Jesy Nelson for her Bring your mum to work day! Jennifer Lopez beams as mother Guadalupe visits her on Shades Of Blue NYC set Gave her a warm hug on the show's set  Giving himself a shake! Nick Jonas slurps protein drink after getting pumped at gym in Los Angeles Showing off his bulging biceps Rosie O'Donnell 'sparks custody battle between her Broadway actress lover and husband' With husband David 'Scott' Schiff  Catherine Tyldesley exudes elegance in a chic Bardot dress as she parties with Corrie co-star Katie McGlynn at perfume bash Looking good Samantha Barks flashes underboob in revealing cut-out LBD as she leads the glamour at premiere of her new film Interlude In Prague A £450,000 collection of designer dresses and £110,000 worth of handbags: Inside Tamara's £1m wardrobe (and what it says about what's inside her head!) Looking Super! Diane Lane joins Faye Dunaway at Paris Can Wait premiere in West Hollywood  It will no doubt be an action extravaganza Adrenaline junkie Tom Cruise can't stop smiling as he races down a Paris street in daring motorbike chase scene for Mission: Impossible 6 Watch this space! Director Ridley Scott brings the Alien saga bursting back to life with hints of his 1979 sci-fi masterpiece  All his hallmarks Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbers had made a previous heist attempt... but were scared off by her husband Kanye West Terrifying ordeal Hugs and kisses! Khloe Kardashian spreads the love with XO sweatshirt as she jets into LA Dressed in head-to-toe camouflage The morning after the knight before! Brooklyn Beckham cuts a trendy figure alongside pal Rocco's girlfriend Kim Turnbull in London... after King Arthur bash 'She had a severe panic attack and collapsed': Stephanie Davis REMAINS in hospital with mystery 'stress-related illness' amid break up   Elisabeth Moss gets VERY steamy with co-star Max Minghella as goes completely NAKED for sex scene in new show The Handmaid's Tale Kylie Jenner goes sporty in crop top as she visits babies with cleft palates during philanthropic Peru trip... after donating $1m for their surgery How I got my Baywatch body back at 49: Donna D'Errico shares more pictures from her extensive plastic surgery transformation  Nicki Minaj and Joe Jonas get close in DNCE's Kissing Strangers music video Rap diva sported a brown-patched bikini top and floral pants  'I was a go-go dancer!': Goldie Hawn reveals she danced on tables for money and took nude photo for Kurt Russell during sexy game with Amy Schumer 'Sincerest regrets': Chanel issues apology after Gabourey Sidibe reveals she was racially profiled at their Chicago boutique  Said sorry Run every town! Jay Z signs massive decade-long $200 million touring contract It seems as though he isn't slowing down anytime soon 'I was asked to do it, and the answer is no': Simon Cowell shuts down any talk of returning for American Idol reboot It's not happening Pregnant Ferne McCann shows off a hint of a bump in chic striped dress as she emerges with a smile on her face... after breaking down in tears live on air Elba's the boss on both sides of the camera: Actor to debut as a director in morality tale movie about a North London drug dealer Starting Monday This Is Us star Chrissy Metz rocks chic LBD as she returns to the red carpet after thanking fans for support following body shaming Unfazed by criticism Sue Perkins and Mel Giedroyc ' frontrunners to host BBC revival of The Generation Game'... months after quitting The Great British Bake Off MasterChef final is tinged with sadness after grandmother who taught contestant to cook sadly dies since it was filmed Last episode   'It affected every part of my life': Jamie O'Hara battled depression after his mother died when he was 17... and sought help because of his sons 'I was sick of taking them': Danniella Westbrook worries fans by admitting she has stopped medication for schizophrenia and clinical depression 'I'm gonna bump you!' Tongue-tied Chris Pratt goes red in the face while playing laugh-out-loud guessing game with Ellen Fits of laughter  Kate Moss and a male pal wear MATCHING khaki jackets in London... after she was left 'pining' for beau Nikolai von Bismark during rehab stint  Gigi Hadid goes casual cool in quirky Tommy Hilfiger jacket on coffee run in New York... and raises eyebrows with new bling on THAT finger 'I feel most confident in the gym': Demi Lovato reveals training MMA is 'definitely therapeutic' as she launches fitness line New range Alexa Chung goes casual chic in oversized sweater and leggings as she enjoys a stroll around New York Showed off her more relaxed style EXCLUSIVE: Attorney lashes out at father of Bella and Gigi Hadid as judge orders him to stand trial and face possible JAIL for illegally built mansion Nephew accused of abusing Katherine Jackson claims she should pay his legal fees as she 'spends thousands every month supporting her children' 'I'm not digging smoking right now': Miley Cyrus QUIT weed because she's 'too busy' to be 'munching at home playing video games' Lana Del Rey swaps glittering gold mini dress for saucy semi-sheer slip in stunning new photo shoot... amid romance rumours with rapper G-Eazy Boxing tale is a thumping tour de force: Jawbone packs an almighty punch, writes BRIAN VINER Stunningly acted, superbly written EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: The BBC's King Charles III inevitably contained plenty of howlers  For example, Prince Charles prefers a belt! 'A budget has been set': Highly-anticipated Downton Abbey film is FINALLY 'set to begin shooting this autumn'... two years after its TV finale Lily and the Downton gang head to Guernsey: Actress speaks about her new role playing a war correspondent  Liked the idea of being an independent woman Harry's heading off in all sorts of directions: Eponymous solo debut from the 1D star is an engaging effort, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  New album Picking up the wedding shoes? Spencer Matthews shops with mother Jane ahead of brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton...as flame Vogue is 'banned' Back to her roots! TOWIE'S Megan McKenna returns to her long raven locks after fooling fans with a bright pink wig Brown locks Cara Delevingne sports a bubblegum pink wig as she shoots scenes new film for Life In A Year... before whipping it off to reveal her shaved head 'This isn't about you': Pregnant Ferne McCann trolled by This Morning viewers after breaking down in tears during first TV appearance since acid attack 'I would be mad too if magazines kept trying to keep us apart': Elsa Pataky breaks silence on 'tense' photos with husband Chris Hemsworth Awkward? Thomas Cohen and girlfriend Zoe Sidel cosy up at Tiffany bash... as his ex Daisy Lowe hits the same star-studded party Three's a crowd Tamara Ecclestone reveals her three-year-old daughter sleeps in her bed EVERY night (and insists her husband 'totally gets it') 'Co-sleeping' method 'We're planning something!': Take That are plotting a reunion tour and new music for 30th anniversary... and want Robbie and Jason on board 'I'm aware that it looks like a giant cigarette': Ashley James shows off her sensational figure in a skimpy bikini as she jokes about bizarre throwback holiday snap  Kourtney Kardashian celebrates new beau Younes Bendjima's birthday over dinner...as ex Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking'  Rob Kardashian digs out old pictures to wish Blac Chyna a happy birthday... after skipping her party with family and friends Boris Becker's ex-wife Barbara, 50, flaunts her long legs in fringed mini-dress as she arrives in style for Duftstars awards in Berlin Kim klone! Ashley Graham continues to channel Kardashian's style as she showcases curves in tight-fitting white two-piece and duster coat Shade! Jessica Chastain does epic eye-roll at Johnny Depp's dependence on earpiece while acting Actor 'has a full-time sound engineer'  Geordie Phwoar! Vicky Pattison shows off her legs in a pretty mini dress covered with flora and fauna embroidery for a summery day out  Cute day dress Vogue Williams shows off hr sideboob as she enjoys sunny holiday... after being 'banned' from Spencer Matthews' brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton 'I asked God to heal my son': Goldie Hawn reveals she turned to prayer when her son Oliver nearly died after birth Was taken to the ICU 13 Reasons Why stars Dylan Minnette and Katherine Langford pose for Entertainment Weekly cover...days after season two renewal Kieran Hayler denies claims wife Katie Price is pregnant in irritable cryptic Instagram video... insisting they 'aren't planning any more babies soon' Do I look good in this? Formula 1 champ Lewis Hamilton snaps a quick selfie during fashion photo shoot in Barcelona Looking uber cool  'Mermaid vibes': TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her incredibly tiny waist and darker braided locks as she poses by the sea for stunning bikini snap Sloane Rangers! Lottie Moss rocks ripped jeans and quirky blue shades as she goes shopping on King's Road with MIC's Emily Blackwell In good spirits PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Tamsin Egerton shows off her blooming bump in a tight T-shirt as she gets cosy with boyfriend Josh Hartnett in the park Tyga's mystery girl revealed! Rapper spotted stepping out with gorgeous Brazilian super star Anitta Her real name is Larissa de Macedo Machado Buckle up! Nicole Scherzinger and French Montana step out in matching beige trench coats as they enjoy night out in LA Denied romance  'He needs to go back to rehab': Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking' as Kourtney Kardashian moves on with toyboy model beau Amy Schumer reveals forgetful Kurt Russell was delighted to meet her for the first time... even though they'd already spent a whole evening together 'He's a great barometer for me:' Zac Efron says he looks to younger brother Dylan for dating advice Turns to his 25-year-old sibling for guidance Kesha turns heads in $823 kooky Gucci platforms and floral suit as she leads the style with long-term love Brad Ashenfelter at star-studded LA premiere This Is Us star Chrissy Metz thanks fans for 'love and support' after getting body shamed for wearing PVC dress to MTV Movie & TV Awards She wore a minidress 'My daily fix of puppy breath': January Jones cuddles up to new fluffy pet pooch Joey Shared a picture snuggled up to her pet pooch 'I never get on a scale!' Curvaceous model Kate Upton reveals she won't go on any crazy diets before wedding to Justin Verlander Not happening Leggy Adriana Lima risks a wardrobe malfunction in sizzling slashed gown while headed to NYC shoot Victoria's Secret Angel was red hot This is the life! Roxanne Pallett is in great spirits in sporty bikini during Portugal getaway... after dramatically leaving The Wedding Singer musical Yo-yo dieter Kirstie Alley indulges in ice cream and cigarette as she makes a Dairy Queen pit stop Treated themselves at a Florida truck stop What's in a name? Beyonce and Jay Z challenged AGAIN over second attempt to trademark Blue Ivy Carter Stranglehold The Fantastic Mr Bonneville: Downton Abbey star Hugh is to portray beloved children's author Roald Dahl in new biopic Coming soon 'A crew of forty, four survivors... ONE distress call': Bill is in mortal danger as Doctor Who confronts dozens of terrifying space zombies Nicole Kidman looks almost unrecognisable in trailer for Top of the Lake: China Girl sporting a grey wig and freckled complexion Who's that girl? That's hardly royal china! Jenna Coleman is a very modern queen as she carries disposable coffee cup while on Victoria set with real-life beau Tom Hughes Her royal cryness! Overwhelmed little boy bursts into tears after meeting Kate in Luxembourg on the latest leg of the royals' Brexit charm offensive Prince Charles reveals his desire to strengthen Britain's 'special relationship' with Ireland - 40 years after his 'honorary grandfather' was killed by the IRA Two houses united in grief: Swedish royals pay their respects to the king's brother-in-law as the Spanish monarchy send off the late Duchess of Calabria The couple that sweats together...! Ivanka Trump and husband Jared Kushner put on a sporty show as they return home after gym session and coffee run 'He's a fraud, and can't cook': Jamie Oliver's calls to bring in a sugar tax to limit obesity is slammed by Australian breakfast TV host Mark Latham 'I wouldn't mind meeting her': Richard Wilkins says he would like 'to have a coffee' with Caitlyn Jenner after she propositioned for a date Made In Chelsea's Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo shows off her pins in a frilled suede skirt as she spends the afternoon frolicking with an array of adorable dogs Coral Queen! Maxima wears a vibrant orange number to welcome the President of Costa Rica to the Netherlands - hours after partying with European royals in Oslo Red hot! Holly Hagan flaunts her ample assets and enviable curves in sizzling in swimsuit in saucy Instagram snap Ex Geordie Shore star Beloved Catweazle and Worzel Gummidge actor Geoffrey Bayldon dies at home at 93 after battling respiratory problems  Beloved British actor Three's a crowd? Newly-single Cara De La Hoyde sizzles in a gold bikini as she eases her heartache in Cape Verde with Alex Bowen and Olivia Buckland He's got a type! Newly-single Tyga enjoys intimate dinner with a mystery girl in LA... who is the spitting image of his rumoured love interest Jordan Ozuna 'She burst into tears!' Busy Philipps surprises mom by wearing wedding dress for parents' 50th anniversary celebration On a Disney cruise Just the two of us! Zoe Saldana and husband Marco Perego leave their boys at home as they share some quality time together Out and about My Modern arrangement: Ariel Winter, 19, reveals her new boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, has moved into her home Going strong  Don't call me Lady Gaga! Singer Stefani Germanotta drops famous stage name for A Star Is Born Reinventing her over-the-top image 'We were invited back to his dressing room...': Petula Clark claims she was propositioned for a THREESOME by Elvis with fellow singer Karen Carpenter Adriana Lima appears to take aim at ex Matt Harvey following booze bender just days after model ditched him and 'rekindled romance with Julian Edelman'  For the Love of fashion: Courtney flaunts her shapely legs in a chic shift dress and pussybow blouse at Cini party in Venice Not her rock chick self Competing with A-Rod? Jennifer Lopez shows off athletic physique in track jacket and clinging tights as she heads to gym in New York Breakaway! American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson set to join rival talent show The Voice... despite singing competition show's ABC return 'People want to create drama!' Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest have been 'transparent'... amid rumors American Idol return will create 'situation' Glam Salma Hayek showcases her enviable style in sizzling pink midi dress as she enjoys a romantic evening with François-Henri Pinault at Cini party in Venice Jingle Bell! Kristen gets animated with Mila Kunis on the Georgia set of A Bad Moms Christmas Was spotted gating rather worked up Young beauty Kaia Gerber, 15, displays striking resemblance to model mother Cindy Crawford, 51, as they enjoy low-key family dinner together in LA The boys are back in town! Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom are mobbed by fans as they hit the world premiere of new Pirates Of The Caribbean film The ultimate troll? Bow Wow claims there's a 'scientific method to his madness' attempting to suggest he purposely did the fake private jet post 'I was never afraid to be a provocative woman': Missy Elliott rocks Marc Jacobs track suit as she reveals inspiration for iconic outfits 'We make decisions as parents now': John Legend reveals he and Chrissy Teigen haven't exposed baby Luna to 'entertainment' yet Protective parents Performing with Glee: Lea Michele wows in plunging grey floral gown with sexy thigh-split as she shows off her dulcet tones at San Francisco gig In a tight spot! Lily James struggles to hold up her stockings and suspenders as she wears 40s costume to film Guernsey scenes on the beach WAG Camille Sold steps out with footballer fiance Morgan Schneiderlin in matching Adidas... paying homage to her past as a sports shop assistant Lily Collins jazzes up her casual jeans with glamorous slick of scarlet lipstick as she catches up with a gal pal over dinner in LA Looked truly stunning Looking fedorable! Drew Barrymore rocks a maroon hat as she channels a flower-power vibe to hail a cab Hailing a cab in New York City 'I truly can't believe it - double digits!' Donald Trump Jr's 'little girl' Kai celebrates 10th birthday alongside her parents, friends, and her aunt Tiffany Action girl! Tom Cruise checks out Mission Impossible 6 co-star Rebecca Ferguson on location in Paris as she struts around him sleek biker leathers Bold look! Charli XCX flaunts her ample cleavage in plunging black bra as she arrives at BBC studios in London Loves a racy ensemble Adrienne Bailon almost falls out of her bizarre one-sleeved shirt on date night with husband  Stepped out to celebrate their friends' birthday 'It's hard to accept help': Made In Chelsea stars Natalie Joel and Lauren Hutton reveal they have battled eating disorders and depression  'He's a talented actor!': Guy Ritchie defends casting David Beckham in King Arthur... but the former footballer insists 'won't be pursuing acting' after backlash Brooklyn Beckham tags along with pal Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull at star-studded King Arthur after-party... but where's dad David? Off-duty chic! Rose Byrne shows off style credentials in layered ensemble as she runs errands in New York Perfected the off-duty look  'My dad is still very much my mum's soulmate': Bindi Irwin breaks her silence on rumours her mother Terri is 'in love' with actor Russell Crowe Carol Vorderman leads outrage as ITV show Benidorm airs 'highly offensive' cleft lip joke which has sparkled 118 complaints to Ofcom Viewers weren't amused Bella Thorne debuts her mermaid curls as she displays her enviably toned physique in a patterned sports bra and cropped tracksuit bottoms On jolly good form! The Queen can't hide her delight as her horse wins a prestigious cup at the Windsor show The monarch wrapped up warm  Don't forget the price tag! Kerry Katona makes embarrassing faux pas as she displays toned pins in denim hot pants on Instagram  Showing them how it's done! BNTM judge Abbey Clancy strips down to a bikini as she cavorts with contestants on yacht for swimwear challenge 'She's the apple of our eyes': Poppy Delevingne insists she is not jealous of sister Cara... admitting supermodel was always destined for greatness Pure and simple: Myleene Klass looks effortlessly cool in a plunging floral maxi dress with sexy thigh-split as she heads to radio studios Cheeky! Kylie Jenner wears nothing but a bra and thong as she shows off generous derriere and ample assets in revealing social media snap 'I screamed and cried through the whole first viewing': Heath Ledger's sister Kate talks about seeing her brother's unseen footage in new documentary Sealed with a kiss!  Kate Hudson locks lips with new musician beau Danny Fujikawa as they make red carpet debut at Snatched premiere It's official 'She died with zero in the bank!' Ex-EastEnder John Partridge reveals his beloved mother has passed away... following his decision to do CBB to fund £45k care costs Peter Andre shares his experience with aliens on This Morning... after landing first movie role in Hollywood thriller The Undoing Bagged new movie role Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alteryx Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alteryx Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alteryx Inc (AYX) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance Symantec Co. (SYMC) Updates Q1 Earnings Guidance Agrium (AGU) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Affect AMC Entertainment Holdings (AMC) Share Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect AK Steel Holding (AKS) Stock Price AMETEK (AME) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.16 AptarGroup, Inc. (ATR) Director Buys $141,040.00 in Stock Alon USA Partners (ALDW) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.29 Insider Selling: Chase Co. (CCF) Insider Sells $104,000.00 in Stock Alpha and Omega Semiconductor Ltd (AOSL) VP Sells $129,757.53 in Stock Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Declares $0.30 Quarterly Dividend Institutional Financial Markets Inc (IFMI) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 16th Kopin Co. (KOPN) Shares Down 9.9% Following Weak Earnings The Western Union Company (WU) Stake Raised by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Maintains Stake in Cameco Corp (CCJ) Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Buys 568 Shares of Cintas Co. (CTAS) Advisory Services Network LLC Invests $118,000 in Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Has $1.708 Million Stake in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Liberty Property Trust (LPT) Stake Boosted by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Vetr Inc. Lowers Under Armour Inc (UA) to Buy Alteryx Inc (AYX) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Guidance Articles Tweet Alteryx Inc (NYSE:AYX) updated its second quarter earnings guidance on Wednesday. The company provided earnings per share guidance of ($0.14)-($0.13) for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus earnings per share estimate of ($0.15). The company issued revenue guidance of $29.0-$29.5 million, compared to the consensus revenue estimate of $28.19 million.Alteryx also updated its FY17 guidance to ($0.40)-($0.38) EPS. Several analysts recently weighed in on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Alteryx in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. They issued a neutral rating and a $18.00 target price for the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc started coverage on shares of Alteryx in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. They issued a buy rating and a $20.00 price target for the company. Pacific Crest started coverage on shares of Alteryx in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. They issued an overweight rating and a $20.00 price target for the company. Raymond James Financial, Inc. started coverage on shares of Alteryx in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. They issued an outperform rating and a $20.00 price target for the company. Finally, JMP Securities started coverage on shares of Alteryx in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. They issued an outperform rating and a $20.00 price target for the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $19.50. Alteryx Inc (NYSE:AYX) traded up 1.41% during trading on Thursday, hitting $18.74. 301,630 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $16.28 and its 200 day moving average price is $16.28. Alteryx Inc has a 12-month low of $14.61 and a 12-month high of $20.15. The stock’s market cap is $612.29 million. In other news, major shareholder Iconiq Strategic Partners Ii, purchased 675,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 29th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $14.00 per share, with a total value of $9,450,000.00. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/alteryx-inc-ayx-updates-q2-earnings-guidance.html. About Alteryx Alteryx, Inc is a United States-based provider of self-service data analytics software. The Company offers various products, such as Alteryx Designer, Alteryx Server and Alteryx Analytics Gallery. Alteryx Designer is a repeatable workflow for self-service data analytics. Alteryx Designer allows data analysts by combining data preparation, data blending, and analytics-predictive, statistical and spatial-using the same user interface. Receive News & Ratings for Alteryx Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alteryx Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AstraZeneca plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AstraZeneca plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Buys 568 Shares of Cintas Co. (CTAS) Advisory Services Network LLC Invests $118,000 in Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Has $1.708 Million Stake in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Liberty Property Trust (LPT) Stake Boosted by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Vetr Inc. Lowers Under Armour Inc (UA) to Buy Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for TELUS Co. (TU) Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Has $5.572 Million Stake in Anadarko Petroleum Co. (APC) SPC Financial Inc. Has $481,000 Stake in Prudential Financial Inc (PRU) AstraZeneca plc (AZN) PT Set at GBX 3,900 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Advisory Services Network LLC Acquires New Position in Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) 7,531 Shares in People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Acquired by Advisory Services Network LLC Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Increases Position in Arthur J Gallagher & Co (AJG) Research Analysts Set Expectations for Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (BECN) Crescent Point Energy Co. to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.21 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts (CPG) Brokerages Expect Entegris Inc (ENTG) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $322.82 Million $28.19 Million in Sales Expected for Alteryx Inc (AYX) This Quarter Analysts Anticipate Potash Co. of Saskatchewan (POT) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $976.62 Million FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated (FCH) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Sempra Energy (SRE) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.15 EPS Materialise NV (MTLS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results AstraZeneca plc (AZN) PT Set at GBX 3,900 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet AstraZeneca plc (LON:AZN) received a GBX 3,900 ($50.44) price target from stock analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. The brokerage presently has a “sell” rating on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc’s target price points to a potential downside of 17.24% from the company’s current price. A number of other equities analysts have also weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of AstraZeneca plc in a research report on Thursday. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 6,000 ($77.60) target price on shares of AstraZeneca plc in a research report on Thursday. Shore Capital reaffirmed a “sell” rating on shares of AstraZeneca plc in a research report on Wednesday. HSBC Holdings plc reaffirmed a “reduce” rating and set a GBX 4,200 ($54.32) target price on shares of AstraZeneca plc in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein set a GBX 4,736 ($61.25) target price on AstraZeneca plc and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 4,975.05 ($64.34). AstraZeneca plc (LON:AZN) traded up 0.39% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching GBX 4730.90. The company had a trading volume of 972,792 shares. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 59.89 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 4,760.73 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 4,538.83. AstraZeneca plc has a one year low of GBX 3,680.00 and a one year high of GBX 5,505.00. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “AstraZeneca plc (AZN) PT Set at GBX 3,900 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/astrazeneca-plc-azn-pt-set-at-gbx-3900-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc-2.html. AstraZeneca plc Company Profile AstraZeneca PLC (AstraZeneca) is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company focuses on discovery and development of products, which are then manufactured, marketed and sold. The Company focuses on three main therapy areas: Oncology, Cardiovascular & Metabolic Disease (CVMD) and Respiratory, while selectively pursuing therapies in Autoimmunity, Infection and Neuroscience. Receive News & Ratings for AstraZeneca plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AstraZeneca plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated (FCH) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Sempra Energy (SRE) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.15 EPS Materialise NV (MTLS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results Gladstone Capital’s (GLAD) “Sell” Rating Reiterated at National Securities Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.07 EPS Dixie Group Inc (DXYN) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research DLH Holdings Corp. (DLHC) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) Cut to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Vetr Inc. Lowers Cyberark Software Ltd (CYBR) to Buy DeVry Education Group Inc (DV) Shares Sold by Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (PBH) Shares Sold by Jennison Associates LLC Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Sells 518 Shares of Nucor Co. (NUE) Jennison Associates LLC Sells 147,235 Shares of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp (ROIC) Canal Capital Management LLC Has $706,000 Stake in General Motors Company (GM) Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Valhi (VHI) Share Price Advisor Partners LLC Has $712,000 Position in Allstate Corp (ALL) Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) Shares Sold by Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Virtu Financial (VIRT) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.31 Advisor Partners LLC Has $830,000 Position in Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) Insider Buying: Element Fleet Management Corp (EFN) Insider Purchases C$200,000.00 in Stock DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) Cut to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (NASDAQ:DLGNF) from a hold rating to a strong sell rating in a report released on Monday. According to Zacks, “Dialog Semiconductor PLC provides integrated standard and custom mixed-signal integrated circuits, for smartphone, tablet, IoT, LED Solid State Lighting and Smart Home applications. Its technology portfolio includes audio, Bluetooth Smart(R), Rapid Charge(TM) AC/DC power conversion and multi-touch. The company operates primarily in the United Kingdom, China and internationally. Dialog Semiconductor PLC is headquartered in Reading, the United Kingdom. “ Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. DZ Bank AG reissued a buy rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a buy rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a buy rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Morgan Stanley reissued a buy rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a research report on Monday, February 20th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $49.00. DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (NASDAQ:DLGNF) remained flat at $46.75 during mid-day trading on Monday. DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 has a 12-month low of $30.80 and a 12-month high of $53.00. The firm has a market cap of $3.53 billion and a P/E ratio of 14.38. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $48.01 and its 200-day moving average price is $44.79. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) Cut to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/dialog-semiconduct-gbp0-10-dlgnf-cut-to-strong-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Wells Fargo is slashing costs by $2 billion Dan Freed, Reuters May 11, 2017, 10:54 AM 1,994 facebook linkedin twitter email print Members of the U.S. Air Force ride in the Wells Fargo stagecoach during the 92nd Annual San Francisco Veterans Day Parade on November 11, 2011 in San Francisco, California.Justin Sullivan/Getty Images (Reuters) - Wells Fargo & Co management unveiled $2 billion in new cost cuts ahead of presentations at the bank's investor day on Thursday as the scandal-hit lender hopes to appeal to skeptical investors on the heels of disappointing first-quarter earnings. The third-largest U.S. bank said the savings will be reflected in 2019 earnings and come on top of a previously announced $2 billion target for 2018. The 2018 savings will be reinvested in the business. The new $2 billion figure fell roughly in the middle of analyst expectations. The bank should be able to achieve another $3 billion in savings, Barclays analyst Jason Goldberg wrote in a report last week. Bernstein analyst John McDonald was more cautious, saying $1 billion of savings over the next two to three years would be "challenging, but potentially achievable." While other big U.S. banks have carried out massive layoffs and cost-cutting in recent years, Wells Fargo had until recently been trying to grow aggressively in various businesses, particularly investment banking, and management had defended its cost structure as a necessity to maintain or expand market share. Wells Fargo shares rose just 6 percent over the past six months as of Wednesday's close, lagging gains of 14.1 percent for JPMorgan Chase & Co and 28.7 percent for Bank of America Corp. Shares fell 2.2 percent in early trading on Thursday, compared to declines of less than one percent for JPMorgan and Bank of America. Executives had repeatedly told analysts Wells Fargo would keep its costs at the high end of a range of 55 percent to 59 percent of revenue. But starting in September, the bank became enmeshed in a scandal following revelations that thousands of employees had opened as many as 2.1 million accounts in customers' names without authorization in order to hit sales targets. Warren Buffett, the chairman of Berkshire Hathaway Inc , on Saturday criticized Wells for failing to stop employees from signing up customers for the accounts even after learning it was happening. Berkshire is Wells' largest shareholder with a 10 percent stake. Costs related to the scandal on items including litigation, compliance and consultants, have drawn more attention to Wells Fargo's expenses. Wells Fargo's costs ate up 63 percent of revenues in the first quarter, something Chief Executive Tim Sloan described as "just not acceptable." Thursday's slide presentation said costs would likely be between 60 percent and 61 percent of revenues in 2018, and that the bank is still targeting a 55 percent to 59 percent range. Management is trying to bolster shareholder support by reforming sales practices at the retail bank and improving financial performance. Analysts said they expected that effort to be on full display on Thursday, when top executives plan to give roughly six hours of presentations at the Four Seasons hotel in San Francisco. "The day should represent a good opportunity for management to refocus market attention to (Wells Fargo's) ongoing fundamentals rather than the remaining noise of last year's account opening scandal," said Sandler O'Neill analyst Scott Siefers. (Reporting by Dan Freed in New York; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Meredith Mazzilli) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: NOW WATCH: Watch a Trump surrogate get shut down after calling Trump the 'Martin Luther King of healthcare' Loading video... More: Wells Fargo facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Wells Fargo is slashing costs by $2 billion Wells Fargo is slashing costs by $2 billion (Reuters) - Wells Fargo & Co management... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured WATCH! This week's episode of The Bottom Line with Henry Blodget More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wells Fargo doubles cost-cut goal but offers soft revenue outlook By Reuters Published: 10:52 EDT, 11 May 2017 | Updated: 15:37 EDT, 11 May 2017 e-mail By Dan Freed May 11 (Reuters) - Wells Fargo &amp; Co doubled its cost-cutting target on Thursday after seeing expenses soar in the aftermath of a sales scandal that the third-largest U.S. bank is still trying to recover from. But the move, detailed at Wells Fargo's investor day, failed to impress Wall Street, because management also indicated that revenue growth is suffering from the scandal, which involved employees creating as many as 2.1 million unauthorized accounts in customers' names to hit sales targets. The San Francisco-based bank's stock was down 1.7 percent at $53.81 in afternoon trading. Wells Fargo plans to reduce expenses by another $2 billion through the end of 2019, on top of a $2 billion cost-cutting target management previously announced. The cuts come after repeated questions from analysts and investors about why Wells Fargo was not doing more to reduce costs, which have been high by some measures when compared to U.S. banking rivals. But the scandal has only increased costs, as the bank has tried to fix practices internally and respond to regulatory inquiries and public backlash. During the investor day event, executives said they understood investor concerns and would take action. Chief Executive Tim Sloan used the word "unacceptable" at least twice, in reference to prior sales practices and expense levels. Management had been trying to keep expenses in a range of 55 percent to 59 percent of revenue, but in the first quarter that ratio soared to 62.7 percent. "Operating at this level is completely unacceptable," Sloan said. As Chief Financial Officer John Shrewsberry began his presentation, he joked to the crowd: "Raise your hand if you're interested in hearing about expenses at Wells Fargo." He said the bank plans to get back into its targeted ratio in the coming years. The sales abuses in Wells Fargo's branch banking operation led to a $190 million regulatory settlement, launches of other government probes, the firing of several bankers, the departure of CEO John Stumpf and shareholders offering scant support for most directors at the bank's annual meeting last month. Nearly all of the executives speaking on Thursday, including Sloan, are in new positions entered after the scandal erupted in September. Wells Fargo's investor day is typically a biannual event, but management held it a year early to provide more information about how they are running the bank. Sloan and his deputies indicated that the scandal had impacted revenue, either because some customers may be less inclined to do business with the bank or because reforms to business practices have hurt sales. For instance, Wells Fargo has changed pay structures so that instead of being incentivized to boost sales figures, employees are encouraged to deliver products and services customers actually need. While executives have described such reforms as necessary, they may also be hurting revenue. "We had an incentive program and high-pressure sales culture in our community bank that drove behavior that was at times inappropriate and inconsistent with our values," Sloan said, noting that management "took too long to appreciate seriousness of the problem." Wells Fargo bankers are getting fewer referrals from branches for personal loans and home-equity loans, said Franklin Codel, an executive in the consumer lending unit. That has led to a 3 percent decline in business, though trends appear to be stabilizing, he said. The credit card business has also been hurt by the scandal, said Avid Modjtabai, who heads Wells Fargo's payments, virtual solutions and innovation group. The rate of new credit card account openings has recently picked up, but Modjtabai did not say when she expects the business to fully recover. Overall, Wells Fargo expects net interest income to grow in the low-to-mid single percentage points this year, which some analysts characterized as disappointing, as were executives' assertions that Wells will not hit its cost efficiency ratio this year. The new cost-cutting guidance fell roughly in the middle of analyst expectations. A big chunk of the savings will come from Wells Fargo's plan to close 450 branches in 2017 and 2018, roughly 10 percent more than its previous target. Wells Fargo has been slower to cut branches than rivals like Bank of America Corp or Citigroup Inc. It is a quick way to slash expenses, though some banks, including JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co, have been cautious about trimming branch networks because doing so can hurt revenue. Through Wednesday's close, Wells Fargo's shares had risen 6 percent over the past six months, lagging gains of 14.1 percent for JPMorgan and 28.7 percent for Bank of America. (Reporting by Dan Freed in New York; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Meredith Mazzilli) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Kim Kardashian flashes her famous curves in figure-hugging black midi dress to take daughter North on ice cream outing for KUWTK scenes Miley Cyrus proudly wears her engagement ring while playing the wholesome surfer girl in new video tribute to hunky fiance Liam Hemsworth  'I actually got confused! Shocked fans go into meltdown after Billie Piper shares a rare picture of her almost identical younger sister Elle Rehab? No thanks! Scott Disick parties with gaggle of blondes amid fears he's 'drinking too much' in wake of Kourtney's new toyboy romance Kourtney Kardashian goes NUDE in pool for photoshoot... while 'jealous' Kylie Jenner and sisters watch on Not an inch of fabric to cover up Worried about beach style this summer? Take inspiration from the A-list and pick the look that works for your personality AND body SPONSORED SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Bethany Platt STABS Gary Windass... while evil boyfriend Nathan prepares to set another vile friend upon her Beanie buddies! Justin Timberlake carries Silas wearing matching skull caps and meets up with Jessica Biel Duo were seen arguing in public last week Strawberry please! North West, three, enjoys ice cream cone on day out with mom Kim Kardashian in LA She turns four next month Peep show! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she wears sheer dress with no bra to Dior show in Los Angeles Beach ballerina! Katy Perry twirls around the sea in blush pink dress on girlie vacation in Mexico  Showcased her stunning physique Solo shopper! Jennifer Aniston enjoys some retail therapy in LA after shooting down any hope of a Friends reunion Spotted loading some new goods into her car  'He wants to kill me... I want to kill him' Aaron Chalmers is involved in heated shoving match with rival Greg Jenkins as they weigh in ahead of MMA debut  'I'm very proud of you': Billie Faiers shows her support for pregnant Ferne McCann... as she prepares to welcome best friend into 'the mummy club' All you need to taste the sunshine is a fork! We show you how to EAT your way around the Mediterranean this summer SPONSORED Pippa Middleton 'asks guests to bring TWO outfits to her wedding' - but are the bride-to-be's growing list of demands becoming a 'tad ridiculous'? I'm a Barbie girl! Blonde Kylie Jenner transforms into a 'plastic and fantastic' living doll for eye-popping new shoot Bright young thing Danniella Westbrook sips a cocktail on a luxurious yacht as she soaks up sun in Spain... after EastEnders SLAM claims she will return to the soap Victoria Beckham looks effortlessly chic as she steps out in New York... after missing out on premiere for husband David's big acting debut in King Arthur Baby-faced raver! Hollyoaks' Tom Cunningham parties in Ibiza as childstar films new scenes for spin off of the Channel 4 soap  Good times Snooze to schmooze! Bella Hadid cuts a tired figure as she touches down in London in bright pink pyjamas before hitting the town in sexy ab-flashing ensemble Booty-ful inside and out! Busty Amber Rose reveals famous derriere in low-cut spandex bodysuit on Instagram Continued to flaunt her body  'I'm single at the moment': One Direction's Niall Horan, 23, says he's in 'no rush' to get into a relationship due to his 'flat out' work schedule Gemma Oaten goes public with new boyfriend Scott Walker at Interlude In Prague premiere in London... following heartbreak over Nick Knowles fling 'They're a bunch of w***ers!' Tommy Mallett and Georgia Kousoulou shock Holly Willoughby by fiercely slamming their TOWIE co-stars on Celebrity Juice Cally-Jane Beech slams 'today's labour procedures' after tough 32-hour birth to welcome daughter Vienna by emergency C-section Revving up! Blac Chyna shares snaps of the $273k red Ferrari she received as a birthay gift... but doesn't reveal who it's from Bright red sportscar Braless Joanna Krupa suffers epic wardrobe malfunction as flashbulbs expose her ample assets and underwear under metallic knitted dress  Tess Daly puts on a leggy display in a zip-up cocktail dress slashed to the thigh as she cosies up to husband Vernon Kay during night out Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley showcases her blossoming baby bump in a figure-hugging black maxi dress as she steps out in Santa Monica Lottie Moss looks sartorially savvy as she flashes her lean legs in tiny shorts and suede jacket for dating app launch In London on Thursday Checkmate! Charli XCX flaunts her washboard abs in quirky batwing crop top and coordinating flares as she enjoys launch party in London Bruce Forsyth's wife Wilnelia, 59, looks timeless in midnight blue ensemble as she makes solo appearance after Strictly legend, 89, was hospitalised 'He's a mini version of ME': Liam Payne claims baby son Bear looks like him during meet or greet with fans... as he shares title and release date of his debut solo single It's Jude 2:0! Law's lookalike son Rafferty cuts a handsome figure as he poses for edgy new Timberland campaign Spitting image Newly-single Vanessa White cosies up to Saturdays bandmate Frankie Bridge's ex Dougie Poynter as they catch up at star-studded hotel launch Dakota Johnson pairs blue-patterned jumpsuit with $190 Gucci plastic slides in Hollywood Has called Gucci designer Alessandro Michele 'a good friend' Focusing on family! Kourtney Kardashian spends time with kids at ice cream museum as 'friends fear ex Scott Disick is spiraling out of control' 'When Virgin don't put your bags on the plane!' Lewis Hamilton looks despondent as he waits for missing luggage 'for over an hour' following flight from Los Angeles Revenge wedding! Emily VanCamp takes to Instagram to announce engagement to Josh Bowman The Canadian actress has her engagement ring 'His loss is tough': Halle Berry posts touching tribute to 'beloved' cat Playdough Posted a tribute to her 'beloved' late cat Playdough 'Did we genuinely miss this?': Eurovision fans left fuming when BBC coverage omits Macedonia contestant's romantic proposal Flocked to Twitter 'Couldn't find one perk in this book': 'Jealous' Harry Styles fans target 1D star's rumoured girlfriend Tess Ward as she receives a string of scathing book reviews Casting her spell! Michelle Pfeiffer, 59, looks enchanting in black pantsuit at the Wizard Of Lies premiere in NYC Knows how to enchant Proving her X Factor! Chloe Paige puts on a leggy display in a plunging gold gown slashed to the thigh as she enjoys night out in London Make-up free Amber Dowding dons skin-tight pink tracksuit as she heads to gym... after TOWIE's Chris Clark dumped Little Mix's Jesy Nelson for her Bring your mum to work day! Jennifer Lopez beams as mother Guadalupe visits her on Shades Of Blue NYC set Gave her a warm hug on the show's set  Giving himself a shake! Nick Jonas slurps protein drink after getting pumped at gym in Los Angeles Showing off his bulging biceps Rosie O'Donnell 'sparks custody battle between her Broadway actress lover and husband' With husband David 'Scott' Schiff  Catherine Tyldesley exudes elegance in a chic Bardot dress as she parties with Corrie co-star Katie McGlynn at perfume bash Looking good Samantha Barks flashes underboob in revealing cut-out LBD as she leads the glamour at premiere of her new film Interlude In Prague A £450,000 collection of designer dresses and £110,000 worth of handbags: Inside Tamara's £1m wardrobe (and what it says about what's inside her head!) Looking Super! Diane Lane joins Faye Dunaway at Paris Can Wait premiere in West Hollywood  It will no doubt be an action extravaganza Adrenaline junkie Tom Cruise can't stop smiling as he races down a Paris street in daring motorbike chase scene for Mission: Impossible 6 Watch this space! Director Ridley Scott brings the Alien saga bursting back to life with hints of his 1979 sci-fi masterpiece  All his hallmarks Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbers had made a previous heist attempt... but were scared off by her husband Kanye West Terrifying ordeal Hugs and kisses! Khloe Kardashian spreads the love with XO sweatshirt as she jets into LA Dressed in head-to-toe camouflage The morning after the knight before! Brooklyn Beckham cuts a trendy figure alongside pal Rocco's girlfriend Kim Turnbull in London... after King Arthur bash 'She had a severe panic attack and collapsed': Stephanie Davis REMAINS in hospital with mystery 'stress-related illness' amid break up   Elisabeth Moss gets VERY steamy with co-star Max Minghella as goes completely NAKED for sex scene in new show The Handmaid's Tale Kylie Jenner goes sporty in crop top as she visits babies with cleft palates during philanthropic Peru trip... after donating $1m for their surgery How I got my Baywatch body back at 49: Donna D'Errico shares more pictures from her extensive plastic surgery transformation  Nicki Minaj and Joe Jonas get close in DNCE's Kissing Strangers music video Rap diva sported a brown-patched bikini top and floral pants  'I was a go-go dancer!': Goldie Hawn reveals she danced on tables for money and took nude photo for Kurt Russell during sexy game with Amy Schumer 'Sincerest regrets': Chanel issues apology after Gabourey Sidibe reveals she was racially profiled at their Chicago boutique  Said sorry Run every town! Jay Z signs massive decade-long $200 million touring contract It seems as though he isn't slowing down anytime soon 'I was asked to do it, and the answer is no': Simon Cowell shuts down any talk of returning for American Idol reboot It's not happening Pregnant Ferne McCann shows off a hint of a bump in chic striped dress as she emerges with a smile on her face... after breaking down in tears live on air Elba's the boss on both sides of the camera: Actor to debut as a director in morality tale movie about a North London drug dealer Starting Monday This Is Us star Chrissy Metz rocks chic LBD as she returns to the red carpet after thanking fans for support following body shaming Unfazed by criticism Sue Perkins and Mel Giedroyc ' frontrunners to host BBC revival of The Generation Game'... months after quitting The Great British Bake Off MasterChef final is tinged with sadness after grandmother who taught contestant to cook sadly dies since it was filmed Last episode   'It affected every part of my life': Jamie O'Hara battled depression after his mother died when he was 17... and sought help because of his sons 'I was sick of taking them': Danniella Westbrook worries fans by admitting she has stopped medication for schizophrenia and clinical depression 'I'm gonna bump you!' Tongue-tied Chris Pratt goes red in the face while playing laugh-out-loud guessing game with Ellen Fits of laughter  Kate Moss and a male pal wear MATCHING khaki jackets in London... after she was left 'pining' for beau Nikolai von Bismark during rehab stint  Gigi Hadid goes casual cool in quirky Tommy Hilfiger jacket on coffee run in New York... and raises eyebrows with new bling on THAT finger 'I feel most confident in the gym': Demi Lovato reveals training MMA is 'definitely therapeutic' as she launches fitness line New range Alexa Chung goes casual chic in oversized sweater and leggings as she enjoys a stroll around New York Showed off her more relaxed style EXCLUSIVE: Attorney lashes out at father of Bella and Gigi Hadid as judge orders him to stand trial and face possible JAIL for illegally built mansion Nephew accused of abusing Katherine Jackson claims she should pay his legal fees as she 'spends thousands every month supporting her children' 'I'm not digging smoking right now': Miley Cyrus QUIT weed because she's 'too busy' to be 'munching at home playing video games' Lana Del Rey swaps glittering gold mini dress for saucy semi-sheer slip in stunning new photo shoot... amid romance rumours with rapper G-Eazy Boxing tale is a thumping tour de force: Jawbone packs an almighty punch, writes BRIAN VINER Stunningly acted, superbly written EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: The BBC's King Charles III inevitably contained plenty of howlers  For example, Prince Charles prefers a belt! 'A budget has been set': Highly-anticipated Downton Abbey film is FINALLY 'set to begin shooting this autumn'... two years after its TV finale Lily and the Downton gang head to Guernsey: Actress speaks about her new role playing a war correspondent  Liked the idea of being an independent woman Harry's heading off in all sorts of directions: Eponymous solo debut from the 1D star is an engaging effort, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  New album Picking up the wedding shoes? Spencer Matthews shops with mother Jane ahead of brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton...as flame Vogue is 'banned' Back to her roots! TOWIE'S Megan McKenna returns to her long raven locks after fooling fans with a bright pink wig Brown locks Cara Delevingne sports a bubblegum pink wig as she shoots scenes new film for Life In A Year... before whipping it off to reveal her shaved head 'This isn't about you': Pregnant Ferne McCann trolled by This Morning viewers after breaking down in tears during first TV appearance since acid attack 'I would be mad too if magazines kept trying to keep us apart': Elsa Pataky breaks silence on 'tense' photos with husband Chris Hemsworth Awkward? Thomas Cohen and girlfriend Zoe Sidel cosy up at Tiffany bash... as his ex Daisy Lowe hits the same star-studded party Three's a crowd Tamara Ecclestone reveals her three-year-old daughter sleeps in her bed EVERY night (and insists her husband 'totally gets it') 'Co-sleeping' method 'We're planning something!': Take That are plotting a reunion tour and new music for 30th anniversary... and want Robbie and Jason on board 'I'm aware that it looks like a giant cigarette': Ashley James shows off her sensational figure in a skimpy bikini as she jokes about bizarre throwback holiday snap  Kourtney Kardashian celebrates new beau Younes Bendjima's birthday over dinner...as ex Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking'  Rob Kardashian digs out old pictures to wish Blac Chyna a happy birthday... after skipping her party with family and friends Boris Becker's ex-wife Barbara, 50, flaunts her long legs in fringed mini-dress as she arrives in style for Duftstars awards in Berlin Kim klone! Ashley Graham continues to channel Kardashian's style as she showcases curves in tight-fitting white two-piece and duster coat Shade! Jessica Chastain does epic eye-roll at Johnny Depp's dependence on earpiece while acting Actor 'has a full-time sound engineer'  Geordie Phwoar! Vicky Pattison shows off her legs in a pretty mini dress covered with flora and fauna embroidery for a summery day out  Cute day dress Vogue Williams shows off hr sideboob as she enjoys sunny holiday... after being 'banned' from Spencer Matthews' brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton 'I asked God to heal my son': Goldie Hawn reveals she turned to prayer when her son Oliver nearly died after birth Was taken to the ICU 13 Reasons Why stars Dylan Minnette and Katherine Langford pose for Entertainment Weekly cover...days after season two renewal Kieran Hayler denies claims wife Katie Price is pregnant in irritable cryptic Instagram video... insisting they 'aren't planning any more babies soon' Do I look good in this? Formula 1 champ Lewis Hamilton snaps a quick selfie during fashion photo shoot in Barcelona Looking uber cool  'Mermaid vibes': TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her incredibly tiny waist and darker braided locks as she poses by the sea for stunning bikini snap Sloane Rangers! Lottie Moss rocks ripped jeans and quirky blue shades as she goes shopping on King's Road with MIC's Emily Blackwell In good spirits PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Tamsin Egerton shows off her blooming bump in a tight T-shirt as she gets cosy with boyfriend Josh Hartnett in the park Tyga's mystery girl revealed! Rapper spotted stepping out with gorgeous Brazilian super star Anitta Her real name is Larissa de Macedo Machado Buckle up! Nicole Scherzinger and French Montana step out in matching beige trench coats as they enjoy night out in LA Denied romance  'He needs to go back to rehab': Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking' as Kourtney Kardashian moves on with toyboy model beau Amy Schumer reveals forgetful Kurt Russell was delighted to meet her for the first time... even though they'd already spent a whole evening together 'He's a great barometer for me:' Zac Efron says he looks to younger brother Dylan for dating advice Turns to his 25-year-old sibling for guidance Kesha turns heads in $823 kooky Gucci platforms and floral suit as she leads the style with long-term love Brad Ashenfelter at star-studded LA premiere This Is Us star Chrissy Metz thanks fans for 'love and support' after getting body shamed for wearing PVC dress to MTV Movie & TV Awards She wore a minidress 'My daily fix of puppy breath': January Jones cuddles up to new fluffy pet pooch Joey Shared a picture snuggled up to her pet pooch 'I never get on a scale!' Curvaceous model Kate Upton reveals she won't go on any crazy diets before wedding to Justin Verlander Not happening Leggy Adriana Lima risks a wardrobe malfunction in sizzling slashed gown while headed to NYC shoot Victoria's Secret Angel was red hot This is the life! Roxanne Pallett is in great spirits in sporty bikini during Portugal getaway... after dramatically leaving The Wedding Singer musical Yo-yo dieter Kirstie Alley indulges in ice cream and cigarette as she makes a Dairy Queen pit stop Treated themselves at a Florida truck stop What's in a name? Beyonce and Jay Z challenged AGAIN over second attempt to trademark Blue Ivy Carter Stranglehold The Fantastic Mr Bonneville: Downton Abbey star Hugh is to portray beloved children's author Roald Dahl in new biopic Coming soon 'A crew of forty, four survivors... ONE distress call': Bill is in mortal danger as Doctor Who confronts dozens of terrifying space zombies Nicole Kidman looks almost unrecognisable in trailer for Top of the Lake: China Girl sporting a grey wig and freckled complexion Who's that girl? That's hardly royal china! Jenna Coleman is a very modern queen as she carries disposable coffee cup while on Victoria set with real-life beau Tom Hughes Her royal cryness! Overwhelmed little boy bursts into tears after meeting Kate in Luxembourg on the latest leg of the royals' Brexit charm offensive Prince Charles reveals his desire to strengthen Britain's 'special relationship' with Ireland - 40 years after his 'honorary grandfather' was killed by the IRA Two houses united in grief: Swedish royals pay their respects to the king's brother-in-law as the Spanish monarchy send off the late Duchess of Calabria The couple that sweats together...! Ivanka Trump and husband Jared Kushner put on a sporty show as they return home after gym session and coffee run 'He's a fraud, and can't cook': Jamie Oliver's calls to bring in a sugar tax to limit obesity is slammed by Australian breakfast TV host Mark Latham 'I wouldn't mind meeting her': Richard Wilkins says he would like 'to have a coffee' with Caitlyn Jenner after she propositioned for a date Made In Chelsea's Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo shows off her pins in a frilled suede skirt as she spends the afternoon frolicking with an array of adorable dogs Coral Queen! Maxima wears a vibrant orange number to welcome the President of Costa Rica to the Netherlands - hours after partying with European royals in Oslo Red hot! Holly Hagan flaunts her ample assets and enviable curves in sizzling in swimsuit in saucy Instagram snap Ex Geordie Shore star Beloved Catweazle and Worzel Gummidge actor Geoffrey Bayldon dies at home at 93 after battling respiratory problems  Beloved British actor Three's a crowd? Newly-single Cara De La Hoyde sizzles in a gold bikini as she eases her heartache in Cape Verde with Alex Bowen and Olivia Buckland He's got a type! Newly-single Tyga enjoys intimate dinner with a mystery girl in LA... who is the spitting image of his rumoured love interest Jordan Ozuna 'She burst into tears!' Busy Philipps surprises mom by wearing wedding dress for parents' 50th anniversary celebration On a Disney cruise Just the two of us! Zoe Saldana and husband Marco Perego leave their boys at home as they share some quality time together Out and about My Modern arrangement: Ariel Winter, 19, reveals her new boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, has moved into her home Going strong  Don't call me Lady Gaga! Singer Stefani Germanotta drops famous stage name for A Star Is Born Reinventing her over-the-top image 'We were invited back to his dressing room...': Petula Clark claims she was propositioned for a THREESOME by Elvis with fellow singer Karen Carpenter Adriana Lima appears to take aim at ex Matt Harvey following booze bender just days after model ditched him and 'rekindled romance with Julian Edelman'  For the Love of fashion: Courtney flaunts her shapely legs in a chic shift dress and pussybow blouse at Cini party in Venice Not her rock chick self Competing with A-Rod? Jennifer Lopez shows off athletic physique in track jacket and clinging tights as she heads to gym in New York Breakaway! American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson set to join rival talent show The Voice... despite singing competition show's ABC return 'People want to create drama!' Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest have been 'transparent'... amid rumors American Idol return will create 'situation' Glam Salma Hayek showcases her enviable style in sizzling pink midi dress as she enjoys a romantic evening with François-Henri Pinault at Cini party in Venice Jingle Bell! Kristen gets animated with Mila Kunis on the Georgia set of A Bad Moms Christmas Was spotted gating rather worked up Young beauty Kaia Gerber, 15, displays striking resemblance to model mother Cindy Crawford, 51, as they enjoy low-key family dinner together in LA The boys are back in town! Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom are mobbed by fans as they hit the world premiere of new Pirates Of The Caribbean film The ultimate troll? Bow Wow claims there's a 'scientific method to his madness' attempting to suggest he purposely did the fake private jet post 'I was never afraid to be a provocative woman': Missy Elliott rocks Marc Jacobs track suit as she reveals inspiration for iconic outfits 'We make decisions as parents now': John Legend reveals he and Chrissy Teigen haven't exposed baby Luna to 'entertainment' yet Protective parents Performing with Glee: Lea Michele wows in plunging grey floral gown with sexy thigh-split as she shows off her dulcet tones at San Francisco gig In a tight spot! Lily James struggles to hold up her stockings and suspenders as she wears 40s costume to film Guernsey scenes on the beach WAG Camille Sold steps out with footballer fiance Morgan Schneiderlin in matching Adidas... paying homage to her past as a sports shop assistant Lily Collins jazzes up her casual jeans with glamorous slick of scarlet lipstick as she catches up with a gal pal over dinner in LA Looked truly stunning Looking fedorable! Drew Barrymore rocks a maroon hat as she channels a flower-power vibe to hail a cab Hailing a cab in New York City 'I truly can't believe it - double digits!' Donald Trump Jr's 'little girl' Kai celebrates 10th birthday alongside her parents, friends, and her aunt Tiffany Action girl! Tom Cruise checks out Mission Impossible 6 co-star Rebecca Ferguson on location in Paris as she struts around him sleek biker leathers Bold look! Charli XCX flaunts her ample cleavage in plunging black bra as she arrives at BBC studios in London Loves a racy ensemble Adrienne Bailon almost falls out of her bizarre one-sleeved shirt on date night with husband  Stepped out to celebrate their friends' birthday 'It's hard to accept help': Made In Chelsea stars Natalie Joel and Lauren Hutton reveal they have battled eating disorders and depression  'He's a talented actor!': Guy Ritchie defends casting David Beckham in King Arthur... but the former footballer insists 'won't be pursuing acting' after backlash Brooklyn Beckham tags along with pal Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull at star-studded King Arthur after-party... but where's dad David? Off-duty chic! Rose Byrne shows off style credentials in layered ensemble as she runs errands in New York Perfected the off-duty look  'My dad is still very much my mum's soulmate': Bindi Irwin breaks her silence on rumours her mother Terri is 'in love' with actor Russell Crowe Carol Vorderman leads outrage as ITV show Benidorm airs 'highly offensive' cleft lip joke which has sparkled 118 complaints to Ofcom Viewers weren't amused Bella Thorne debuts her mermaid curls as she displays her enviably toned physique in a patterned sports bra and cropped tracksuit bottoms On jolly good form! The Queen can't hide her delight as her horse wins a prestigious cup at the Windsor show The monarch wrapped up warm  Don't forget the price tag! Kerry Katona makes embarrassing faux pas as she displays toned pins in denim hot pants on Instagram  Showing them how it's done! BNTM judge Abbey Clancy strips down to a bikini as she cavorts with contestants on yacht for swimwear challenge 'She's the apple of our eyes': Poppy Delevingne insists she is not jealous of sister Cara... admitting supermodel was always destined for greatness Pure and simple: Myleene Klass looks effortlessly cool in a plunging floral maxi dress with sexy thigh-split as she heads to radio studios Cheeky! Kylie Jenner wears nothing but a bra and thong as she shows off generous derriere and ample assets in revealing social media snap 'I screamed and cried through the whole first viewing': Heath Ledger's sister Kate talks about seeing her brother's unseen footage in new documentary Sealed with a kiss!  Kate Hudson locks lips with new musician beau Danny Fujikawa as they make red carpet debut at Snatched premiere It's official 'She died with zero in the bank!' Ex-EastEnder John Partridge reveals his beloved mother has passed away... following his decision to do CBB to fund £45k care costs Peter Andre shares his experience with aliens on This Morning... after landing first movie role in Hollywood thriller The Undoing Bagged new movie role Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance QUALCOMM Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for QUALCOMM Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Wells Fargo Income Opportunities Fund (EAD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on June 1st Brookfield Glbl Lstd Infrstr Incm Fd Inc Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.08 (INF) Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc (PCRX) Given “Buy” Rating at Canaccord Genuity Wendys Co (WEN) Announces $0.07 Quarterly Dividend Analysts Issue Forecasts for Prologis Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (PLD) Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Moody's Co. (MCO) $56.92 Million in Sales Expected for Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (ATW) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $124.56 Million Brokerages Set $7.58 Target Price for USA Truck, Inc. (USAK) EnerNOC, Inc. (ENOC) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.44 EPS Insys Therapeutics Inc (INSY) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Core-Mark Holding Company, Inc. (CORE) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.08 EPS Analysts Anticipate UTStarcom Holdings Corp (UTSI) to Announce $0.00 EPS Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Shares Sold by Wells Fargo & Company MN Wells Fargo & Company MN Acquires 81,950 Shares of UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Purchases 258,800 Shares of Knight Transportation (KNX) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Boosts Position in Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK) Fortive Corp (FTV) Shares Bought by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Wells Fargo & Company MN Boosts Position in Innospec Inc. (IOSP) QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Vetr upgraded shares of QUALCOMM, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM) from a buy rating to a strong-buy rating in a report issued on Monday morning. They currently have $61.20 target price on the wireless technology company’s stock. Several other analysts have also commented on the stock. Instinet lowered their price objective on shares of QUALCOMM from $65.00 to $60.00 and set a neutral rating on the stock in a research report on Monday. Sanford C. Bernstein reaffirmed a market perform rating on shares of QUALCOMM in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reaffirmed a positive rating and issued a $61.00 price objective (down previously from $63.00) on shares of QUALCOMM in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Canaccord Genuity lowered their price objective on shares of QUALCOMM from $75.00 to $70.00 and set a buy rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered their price objective on shares of QUALCOMM from $55.00 to $50.00 and set a neutral rating on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have given a hold rating, fourteen have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $63.66. Shares of QUALCOMM (NASDAQ:QCOM) traded down 1.388% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $54.562. 1,565,855 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $80.61 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.181 and a beta of 1.31. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $54.98 and a 200-day moving average of $60.60. QUALCOMM has a 12 month low of $50.84 and a 12 month high of $71.62. QUALCOMM (NASDAQ:QCOM) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 19th. The wireless technology company reported $1.34 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.05 by $0.29. The business had revenue of $5.99 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $5.86 billion. QUALCOMM had a net margin of 20.56% and a return on equity of 20.25%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $1.04 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts forecast that QUALCOMM will post $4.23 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/qualcomm-inc-qcom-lifted-to-strong-buy-at-vetr-inc.html. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, June 21st. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, May 31st will be issued a $0.57 dividend. This represents a $2.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.12%. This is a positive change from QUALCOMM’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.53. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, May 26th. QUALCOMM’s payout ratio is presently 64.63%. In related news, EVP James H. Thompson sold 25,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, April 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $52.53, for a total transaction of $1,313,250.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 76,246 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,005,202.38. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Insiders own 0.24% of the company’s stock. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. FMR LLC raised its stake in QUALCOMM by 3.7% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 68,251,589 shares of the wireless technology company’s stock worth $4,450,003,000 after buying an additional 2,439,365 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its stake in QUALCOMM by 1.6% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 67,531,171 shares of the wireless technology company’s stock worth $4,403,029,000 after buying an additional 1,059,009 shares in the last quarter. Northern Trust Corp raised its stake in QUALCOMM by 2.6% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 20,283,988 shares of the wireless technology company’s stock worth $1,389,454,000 after buying an additional 513,204 shares in the last quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its stake in QUALCOMM by 9.8% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 18,415,572 shares of the wireless technology company’s stock worth $1,261,467,000 after buying an additional 1,647,152 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Loomis Sayles & Co. L P raised its stake in QUALCOMM by 3.3% in the fourth quarter. Loomis Sayles & Co. L P now owns 16,458,657 shares of the wireless technology company’s stock worth $1,073,104,000 after buying an additional 531,407 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 79.28% of the company’s stock. About QUALCOMM QUALCOMM Incorporated is engaged in the development and commercialization of a digital communication technology called code division multiple access (CDMA). The Company is engaged in the development and commercialization of the orthogonal frequency division multiple access (OFDMA) family of technologies, including long-term evolution (LTE), which is an Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (OFDM)-based standard that uses OFDMA and single-carrier Frequency Division Multiple Access (FDMA), for cellular wireless communication applications. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for QUALCOMM Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for QUALCOMM Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Just Eat PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Just Eat PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Wells Fargo Income Opportunities Fund (EAD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on June 1st Brookfield Glbl Lstd Infrstr Incm Fd Inc Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.08 (INF) Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc (PCRX) Given “Buy” Rating at Canaccord Genuity Wendys Co (WEN) Announces $0.07 Quarterly Dividend Analysts Issue Forecasts for Prologis Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (PLD) Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Moody's Co. (MCO) $56.92 Million in Sales Expected for Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (ATW) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $124.56 Million Brokerages Set $7.58 Target Price for USA Truck, Inc. (USAK) EnerNOC, Inc. (ENOC) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.44 EPS Insys Therapeutics Inc (INSY) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Core-Mark Holding Company, Inc. (CORE) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.08 EPS Analysts Anticipate UTStarcom Holdings Corp (UTSI) to Announce $0.00 EPS Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Shares Sold by Wells Fargo & Company MN Wells Fargo & Company MN Acquires 81,950 Shares of UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Purchases 258,800 Shares of Knight Transportation (KNX) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Boosts Position in Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK) Fortive Corp (FTV) Shares Bought by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Wells Fargo & Company MN Boosts Position in Innospec Inc. (IOSP) Just Eat PLC (JE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance Tweet Just Eat PLC (LON:JE)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by research analysts at Deutsche Bank AG in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. They presently have a GBX 725 ($9.38) target price on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG’s price objective indicates a potential upside of 29.00% from the stock’s previous close. Other research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated an “add” rating and issued a GBX 650 ($8.41) price target on shares of Just Eat PLC in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Peel Hunt reiterated an “add” rating on shares of Just Eat PLC in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 680 ($8.79) price target on shares of Just Eat PLC in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Berenberg Bank reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 650 ($8.41) price target on shares of Just Eat PLC in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Citigroup Inc lifted their price target on Just Eat PLC from GBX 745 ($9.64) to GBX 780 ($10.09) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, April 27th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating, eleven have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Just Eat PLC has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of GBX 673.13 ($8.71). Just Eat PLC (LON:JE) traded down 0.53% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching GBX 559.00. The company had a trading volume of 5,319,905 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 569.93 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 557.27. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 3.79 billion. Just Eat PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 385.50 and a 1-year high of GBX 623.50. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Just Eat PLC (JE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/just-eat-plc-je-rating-reiterated-by-deutsche-bank-ag.html. In other Just Eat PLC news, insider Paul Harrison acquired 14,622 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was purchased at an average price of GBX 542 ($7.01) per share, with a total value of £79,251.24 ($102,497.72). About Just Eat PLC Just Eat plc is a United Kingdom-based operator of digital marketplace for takeaway food delivery. The Company’s segments include the UK, Australia & New Zealand, Established Markets and Developing Markets. The Established Markets includes Benelux, Canada, Denmark, France, Ireland, Norway and Switzerland. Receive News & Ratings for Just Eat PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Just Eat PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RCI Hospitality Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RCI Hospitality Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sodastream International Ltd (SODA) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Cohen & Steers Limited Drtn Prfd&Incm Fd (LDP) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.16 on May 31st Traders Buy Large Volume of Put Options on Rite Aid (RAD) SunOpta, Inc. (STKL) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Expectations Mack Cali Realty Corp (CLI) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Cohen & Steers infrastucture Fund Inc (UTF) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.13 on May 31st RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. (RICK) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Rockwell Medical Inc (RMTI) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Expectations Softcat PLC (SCT) Insider Acquires £149.45 in Stock Insider Selling: Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) CEO Sells 1,800 Shares of Stock Mj Gleeson Plc (GLE) Insider Stefan Allanson Acquires 37 Shares THL Credit, Inc. (TCRD) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Sierra Wireless, Inc. (SWIR) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Maxim Group Just Eat PLC (JE) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG America Movil SAB de CV (AMX) Getting Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Anworth Mortgage Asset (ANH) Earning Very Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Cormark Brokers Boost Earnings Estimates for TVA Group Inc (TVA) FY2017 EPS Estimates for DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) Cut by Analyst RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. (RICK) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:RICK) released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday. The restaurant operator reported $0.41 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.38 by $0.03. RCI Hospitality Holdings had a return on equity of 10.09% and a net margin of 8.46%. The company had revenue of $34.52 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $35.26 million. RCI Hospitality Holdings (NASDAQ:RICK) traded down 0.05% on Thursday, hitting $18.75. The stock had a trading volume of 6,809 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $16.89 and a 200-day moving average price of $15.70. The stock has a market capitalization of $182.21 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.33 and a beta of 0.48. RCI Hospitality Holdings has a 1-year low of $9.90 and a 1-year high of $18.97. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Alambic Investment Management L.P. increased its stake in shares of RCI Hospitality Holdings by 2.9% in the first quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. now owns 63,693 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock valued at $1,103,000 after buying an additional 1,800 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of RCI Hospitality Holdings by 5.0% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 40,862 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock valued at $708,000 after buying an additional 1,957 shares during the last quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC increased its stake in shares of RCI Hospitality Holdings by 2.2% in the first quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC now owns 96,508 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock valued at $1,672,000 after buying an additional 2,065 shares during the last quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC increased its stake in shares of RCI Hospitality Holdings by 2.6% in the first quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 244,610 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock valued at $4,233,000 after buying an additional 6,199 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Nordea Investment Management AB bought a new stake in shares of RCI Hospitality Holdings during the first quarter valued at $147,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 32.71% of the company’s stock. Separately, Westpark Capital reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $29.00 price objective on shares of RCI Hospitality Holdings in a research note on Friday, March 24th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This article was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/rci-hospitality-holdings-inc-rick-issues-quarterly-earnings-results.html. RCI Hospitality Holdings Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for RCI Hospitality Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RCI Hospitality Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States US Foods Gears Up for Secondary Offering By Chris Lange May 11, 2017 10:20 am EDT Print Email Tweet US Foods Holding Corp. (NYSE: USFD) has filed an S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for its secondary offering. The selling stockholders plan to offer 35.0 million shares, with an overallotment option for an additional 5.25 million shares. At the most recent closing price of $28.00, the entire offering is valued up to $1.13 billion. Keep in mind that this company has a total market cap of just over $6 billion. The underwriters for the offering are Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan, Merrill Lynch, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Wells Fargo, KKR, BMO Capital Markets, BTIG, Guggenheim, ING, Rabo Securities and Natixis. US Foods is among America’s great food companies and one of only two foodservice distributors with a national footprint in the United States. With net sales of $23 billion in the fiscal year ended in December, this company is the second largest foodservice distributor in the United States with a 2016 market share of roughly 8%. The U.S. foodservice distribution industry is large, fragmented, and growing, with total industry sales of about $280 billion in 2016, according to Technomic (February 2017). The company supplies roughly 250,000 customer locations nationwide. These customer locations include independently owned single and multi-unit restaurants, regional restaurant concepts, national restaurant chains, hospitals, nursing homes, hotels and motels, country clubs, government and military organizations, colleges and universities, and retail locations. In the filing the company described its finances as follows: As a result, from fiscal 2013 through fiscal 2015 our net sales grew at a CAGR of 1.8%. After failing to obtain regulatory approvals, the Acquisition Agreement was terminated on June 26, 2015. Since then, we have refocused on executing our strategy of bringing innovative products to market, expanding our portfolio of business solutions for customers, and driving advancements in technology. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, we generated $22.9 billion in net sales, $210 million in net income, and $972 million in Adjusted EBITDA. The company will not receive any proceeds from the offering, instead the selling stockholders will receive all proceeds. Shares of US Foods traded at $28.48 on Thursday, with a consensus analyst price target of $29.75 and a 52-week trading range of $22.19 to $29.26. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « 4 Stocks to Buy That Are Winning From Massive Cloud Growth Why Sangamo Therapeutics Is Surging » Read more: Services, food, IPOs and Secondaries Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America 10 Disappearing Car Brands 50 Least Powerful People in the World America's Richest (and Poorest) Towns Counties That Voted Most Heavily for Trump in Every State Recent Nordstrom Sinks Despite Beating Earnings Thursday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Macy’s, Penney’s Crash into Thursday’s 52-Week Low Club Microsoft, Home Depot Weigh on DJIA Thursday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Will Increasing Your Credit Limit Hurt Your Credit Score? Facebook Isn't Going to Stop Spending Any Time Soon Will Double-Take Fuel Carbonite Growth? Apple completes $7 billion debt sale CA reports adjusted earnings of 54 cents a share on sales of $1.01 billion, beating estimates Nordstrom Q1 sales $3.3 billion, in line with expectations 5 Top-Rated Stocks to Buy as Oil Prices Post-Record Gains What Lies in Store for SINA Corp (SINA) in Q1 Earnings? Alibaba's Alipay Ventures into U.S., Teams Up with First Data U.S. Candymakers Band Together to Reduce Calories China, US reach agreement on beef, poultry and natural gas Wal-Mart CEO to be Questioned in Lawsuit Over Mexican Bribery GOP Senator's Push To Let Debit-Card Companies Rip People Off Fails Lawmaker Says There’s A ‘Distinction’ Between Being Gay And 'Being A Human Being' Zoe Saldana Gets Real About Having Help With Raising Her Kids Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Joe Abruzzo Announced as HSBC’s Head of Global Private Banking, Americas NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–HSBC Global Private Banking announced that Joe Abruzzo has succeeded Marlon Young as Head of Global Private Banking, Americas. Young stepped down last month after 11 years with HSBC. As HSBC’s chief private banking executive in the region, Abruzzo will oversee efforts to progress client service offerings and achieve sustainable growth for the business. This includes enhancing investment management capabilities, increasing collaboration opportunities with other HSBC businesses, modernizing technology, further solidifying prudent risk management practices, and implementing a refined target market client acquisition strategy. “We thank Marlon for his tremendous leadership and commitment during a transformative time for our private banking business,” said Pat Burke, CEO of HSBC USA. “As we look ahead, I’m confident Joe’s experience and successful background best position us to continue offering exceptional client service and achieve sustainable business growth.” With more than 30 years in banking, Abruzzo previously served as Head of North America for HSBC Global Private Banking. Prior to that, he held various roles in HSBC Commercial Banking including US Head of Large Corporates, Co-Head of US Corporate Banking, and Head of Northeast Corporate Banking. Before joining HSBC in 2014, he spent 26 years with JP Morgan Chase in various senior leadership roles in Commercial Banking and Corporate and Investment Banking. “I’m very grateful for the opportunity to lead a terrific group of people and a business with so much potential. Marlon leaves us with great momentum and I’m appreciative of his mentorship and guidance throughout my tenure,” said Abruzzo. “This is a great time to be part of HSBC Private Banking. Our future is bright, our objectives are clear, and if we all continue to do our part, we can really build something to be proud of.” About HSBC Private Banking As part of the HSBC Group, one of the world’s largest banking and financial services organizations, HSBC Private Banking seeks to be the leading international private bank for business owners and their families. It provides clients with wealth, business and family succession solutions in the largest and fastest growing markets around the world. HSBC Private Banking is the marketing name for the private banking business conducted by the principal private banking subsidiaries of the HSBC Group. For more information, visit www.hsbcprivatebank.com About HSBC Bank USA, N.A. HSBC Bank USA, National Association (HSBC Bank USA, N.A.), with total assets of US $178.7 billion as of 31 December 2016 (US GAAP), serves 2.4 million customers through retail banking and wealth management, commercial banking, private banking, asset management, and global banking and markets segments. It operates more than 230 bank branches throughout the United States. There are over 145 in New York as well as branches in: California; Connecticut; Delaware; Washington, D.C.; Florida; Maryland; New Jersey; Pennsylvania; Virginia; and Washington. HSBC Bank USA, N.A. is the principal subsidiary of HSBC USA Inc., an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of HSBC North America Holdings Inc. HSBC Bank USA, N.A. is a member of the FDIC. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Schneck Medical Center Chooses Change Healthcare as Partner for Enterprise Imaging Next PostNext Vacancy notice – Procurement Officer (deadline: 12/06/2017) Search Recent Posts Lubrizol Announces Participation in Chinaplas 2017 San Jose CA Metal Roofing & Copper Sheet & Gutter Firm Announce Distributorship Gardner Denver Announces Pricing of its Initial Public Offering Intermountain Precision Genomics Announces Cancer Test That Requires Less DNA Digital Fuel Hires Peter Singh to Lead EMEA Sales Efforts RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
You're about to be redirected We notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com. READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com Startup Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow MB Vans Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2017 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Notes to My Younger Self Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Tip Sheet The Playbook Founders Forum Peak Performance Women Who Lead Notes to My Younger Self World's Coolest Offices How I Did It Lift Inc. Tested Drinks With… Origin Stories Inc. Live Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO INC. BUSINESS HUB Inc. Verified Profile Inc. Plus Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. WIRE Elon Musk, Jamie Dimon, and Other Top Leaders Urge Trump to Keep U.S. in the Paris Climate Agreement These top leaders--all at the helm of powerful companies--also sit on Trump's business advisory council. By Emily Canal Emily Canal is a reporter at Inc. Previously, she wrote for Forbes, The New York Times, and The Boston Globe. @emilycanal Reporter, Inc.com@emilycanal WRITE A COMMENT President Donald Trump speaks before signing the Energy Independence Executive Order at the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Headquarters in Washington, DC, March 28, 2017 CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement Top tech leaders from around the world published an open letter to President Donald Trump on Wednesday, urging him not to pull the U.S. out of the Paris Climate Agreement. Thirty executives from influential companies like Tesla, General Electric and Virgin Group expressed "strong support" for keeping America in the climate change accord. "We are committed to working with you to create jobs and boost U.S. competitiveness, and we believe this can be best achieved by remaining in the Paris Agreement," the executives wrote, adding that leaving the accord would create "negative trade implications." In today's @WSJ: 30 CEOs of world's largest, most influential cos pen open letter to #PresidentTrump urging him to stay in #ParisAgreement pic.twitter.com/Mrqw9n7SOg-- Dan Saccardi (@dsaccardi) May 10, 2017 Some of the most prominent names on the letter are Elon Musk, Jamie Dimon and Bob Iger, CEOs of Tesla, JPMorgan Chase and Walt Disney, respectively. These leaders are at the helm of powerful companies but also sit on Trump's business advisory council. The Paris Agreement went into effect November 2016 and is considered the world's most comprehensive plan for fighting climate change. It commits virtually all countries to limiting global warming and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. However, during his campaign, Trump vowed to "cancel" the agreement and expressed skepticism towards climate science. Trump advisors had planned to meet on Tuesday to reach a final decision on the agreement, however a verdict may be announced at the G7 Summit at the end of the month. This isn't the only letter regarding the Paris Agreement that was addressed to Trump this week: 24 companies including Apple, Facebook, and Google wrote that the Paris accord would help the American economy by creating jobs in clean energy technology and reducing business risks related to declining agricultural productivity and water supplies. New full-page @nytimes ad w/ major companies explains how #ParisAgreement expands markets & helps the economy. https://t.co/MXHZxboEz6 pic.twitter.com/zyfSkxGdhc-- C2ES (@C2ES_org) May 9, 2017 "As businesses concerned with the well-being of our customers, our investors, our communities and our suppliers, we are strengthening our climate resilience, and we are investing in innovative technologies that can help achieve a clean energy transition," the companies wrote in the letter that was published in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal and New York Post. "For this transition to succeed, however, governments must lead as well." Published on: May 11, 2017 Advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Shell Midstream Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shell Midstream Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Shell Midstream Partners LP (SHLX) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Rice Energy Inc (RICE) PT Raised to $34.00 at Stifel Nicolaus Spark Energy Inc (SPKE) PT Raised to $34.00 at Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services DDR Corp (DDR) PT Lowered to $13.00 Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Has $980,000 Stake in Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Shares Bought by Vigilant Capital Management LLC Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Stake Reduced by Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc. CT Enterprise Financial Services Corp Sells 1,075 Shares of BP plc (BP) Palisade Asset Management LLC Sells 300 Shares of Novartis AG (NVS) Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Raises Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Enterprise Financial Services Corp Has $564,000 Position in Clorox Co (CLX) Dowling & Yahnke LLC Increases Stake in AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) United Natural Foods, Inc. (UNFI) Stake Maintained by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp American Equity Investment Life Holding (AEL) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.21 Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Agree Realty (ADC) Stock Price Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Likely to Affect American Capital Senior Floating (ACSF) Stock Price Atlantic American (AAME) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Adobe Systems (ADBE) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.25 Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.43 Per Share, Capital One Financial Corp. Forecasts Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) Stock Rating Lowered by Mizuho Shell Midstream Partners LP (SHLX) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Shell Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:SHLX) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report issued on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. engages in owning, operating, developing and acquiring pipelines and other midstream assets. Its initial assets consist of interests in entities that own crude oil and refined products pipelines serving as key infrastructure to transport growing onshore and offshore crude oil production to Gulf Coast refining markets and to deliver refined products from those markets to major demand centers. Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. is based in Houston, Texas. “ Several other research firms have also weighed in on SHLX. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Shell Midstream Partners in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $38.00 price target for the company. Mizuho restated a “buy” rating and set a $36.00 price target on shares of Shell Midstream Partners in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $37.86. Shell Midstream Partners (NYSE:SHLX) opened at 31.68 on Tuesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $32.17 and a 200-day moving average of $30.30. Shell Midstream Partners has a 12 month low of $25.42 and a 12 month high of $37.65. The company has a market cap of $5.62 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.41 and a beta of 1.25. Shell Midstream Partners (NYSE:SHLX) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, May 5th. The pipeline company reported $0.33 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.35 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $70.20 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $77.82 million. Shell Midstream Partners had a net margin of 77.39% and a return on equity of 56.13%. Shell Midstream Partners’s quarterly revenue was down 7.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.36 EPS. Equities research analysts expect that Shell Midstream Partners will post $1.47 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 1st will be given a dividend of $0.291 per share. This represents a $1.16 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.68%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 27th. This is a positive change from Shell Midstream Partners’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.28. Shell Midstream Partners’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 83.46%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Shell Midstream Partners LP (SHLX) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/shell-midstream-partners-lp-shlx-rating-lowered-to-strong-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Blair William & Co. IL raised its position in shares of Shell Midstream Partners by 12.7% in the first quarter. Blair William & Co. IL now owns 151,157 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $4,952,000 after buying an additional 17,077 shares in the last quarter. Stifel Financial Corp raised its position in shares of Shell Midstream Partners by 29.1% in the first quarter. Stifel Financial Corp now owns 27,849 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $897,000 after buying an additional 6,280 shares in the last quarter. Heronetta Management L.P. raised its position in shares of Shell Midstream Partners by 12.9% in the first quarter. Heronetta Management L.P. now owns 48,300 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $1,557,000 after buying an additional 5,500 shares in the last quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Shell Midstream Partners by 1.4% in the first quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 4,626 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $149,000 after buying an additional 63 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Tiedemann Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Shell Midstream Partners during the first quarter worth $3,075,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 81.00% of the company’s stock. Shell Midstream Partners Company Profile Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. is a master limited partnership company, which owns, operates, develops and acquires pipelines and other midstream assets. The Company conducts its operations through its subsidiary, Shell Midstream Operating, LLC. Its assets consist of interests in entities that own crude oil and refined products pipelines serving as key infrastructure to transport onshore and offshore crude oil production to Gulf Coast and Midwest refining markets and to deliver refined products from those markets to demand centers. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Shell Midstream Partners (SHLX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Shell Midstream Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shell Midstream Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cobham plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cobham plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Saga PLC (SAGA) Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Cobham plc (COB) Dan Teodosiu Sells 7,250 Shares of Criteo SA (CRTO) Stock Waste Connections (WCN) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Insider Buying: Jamba, Inc. (JMBA) Director Buys $420,397.45 in Stock Moshe Gavrielov Sells 6,900 Shares of Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Stock Rite Aid Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (RAD) Cohen & Steers REIT/Pfd Inc Fd (RNP) Plans $0.12 Monthly Dividend Apollo Senior Floating Rate Fund Inc (AFT) Announces $0.09 Monthly Dividend Shell Midstream Partners LP (SHLX) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Rice Energy Inc (RICE) PT Raised to $34.00 at Stifel Nicolaus Spark Energy Inc (SPKE) PT Raised to $34.00 at Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services DDR Corp (DDR) PT Lowered to $13.00 Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Has $980,000 Stake in Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Shares Bought by Vigilant Capital Management LLC Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Stake Reduced by Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc. CT Enterprise Financial Services Corp Sells 1,075 Shares of BP plc (BP) Palisade Asset Management LLC Sells 300 Shares of Novartis AG (NVS) Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Raises Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Enterprise Financial Services Corp Has $564,000 Position in Clorox Co (CLX) Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Cobham plc (COB) May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several brokerages have updated their recommendations and price targets on shares of Cobham plc (LON: COB) in the last few weeks: 5/9/2017 – Cobham plc had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a GBX 110 ($1.42) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 76.47 ($0.99). 5/5/2017 – Cobham plc had its price target raised by analysts at Citigroup Inc from GBX 115 ($1.49) to GBX 143 ($1.85). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/27/2017 – Cobham plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 115 ($1.49) price target on the stock. 4/21/2017 – Cobham plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 125 ($1.62) price target on the stock. 4/13/2017 – Cobham plc had its price target raised by analysts at Kepler Capital Markets from GBX 120 ($1.55) to GBX 135 ($1.75). They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 3/28/2017 – Cobham plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 115 ($1.49) price target on the stock. 3/15/2017 – Cobham plc had its price target lowered by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from GBX 180 ($2.33) to GBX 150 ($1.94). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. Shares of Cobham plc (LON:COB) opened at 134.40 on Thursday. Cobham plc has a 12-month low of GBX 89.07 and a 12-month high of GBX 154.51. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 134.30 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 143.85. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 2.28 billion. Cobham plc is a technology and services provider in commercial and defense and security markets. It operates in four segments. The Communications and Connectivity segment provides equipment and solutions to enable connectivity across a range of environments in aerospace, avionics, satellite and radio, wireless and mobile connectivity markets. Receive News & Ratings for Cobham plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cobham plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cadence Bancorp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cadence Bancorp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) Rating Reiterated by Maxim Group Cadence Bancorp (CADE) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at SunTrust Banks, Inc. StoneCastle Financial Corp (BANX) Earns “Buy” Rating from National Securities Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Concert Pharmaceuticals Inc (CNCE) to Sell bluebird bio Inc (BLUE) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Celgene Co. (CELG) Raised to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Columbia Banking System Inc (COLB) American Public Education, Inc. (APEI) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance ScanSource, Inc. (SCSC) Releases Q4 Earnings Guidance Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Issues Q2 Earnings Guidance Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Daqo New Energy Corp (DQ) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results $1.61 Billion in Sales Expected for Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) This Quarter Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Saga PLC (SAGA) Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Cobham plc (COB) Dan Teodosiu Sells 7,250 Shares of Criteo SA (CRTO) Stock Waste Connections (WCN) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Insider Buying: Jamba, Inc. (JMBA) Director Buys $420,397.45 in Stock Moshe Gavrielov Sells 6,900 Shares of Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Stock Cadence Bancorp (CADE) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at SunTrust Banks, Inc. May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet SunTrust Banks, Inc. initiated coverage on shares of Cadence Bancorp (NASDAQ:CADE) in a research report report published on Monday. The brokerage issued a hold rating and a $25.00 target price on the stock. A number of other equities analysts have also commented on CADE. Goldman Sachs Group Inc started coverage on shares of Cadence Bancorp in a research report on Monday. They issued a neutral rating and a $24.00 price target on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Cadence Bancorp in a research report on Monday. They issued an overweight rating and a $26.00 price target on the stock. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $25.40. Shares of Cadence Bancorp (NASDAQ:CADE) remained flat at $22.24 during trading on Monday. The stock had a trading volume of 860 shares. Cadence Bancorp has a one year low of $21.91 and a one year high of $23.20. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $22.49 and a 200 day moving average of $22.49. The firm has a market cap of $1.67 billion and a P/E ratio of 25.56. Cadence Bancorp (NASDAQ:CADE) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The company reported $0.35 EPS for the quarter. The firm had revenue of $98.86 million during the quarter. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Cadence Bancorp (CADE) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at SunTrust Banks, Inc.” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/cadence-bancorp-cade-earns-hold-rating-from-analysts-at-suntrust-banks-inc.html. About Cadence Bancorp Cadence Bancorporation is a bank holding company. The Company is focused on middle-market commercial lending, complemented by retail banking and wealth management services, and provides a broad range of banking services to businesses, individuals and business owners. It operates through three segments: Banking, Financial Services and Corporate. Receive News & Ratings for Cadence Bancorp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cadence Bancorp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,919 -23.69 -0.11% Nasdaq 6,116 -13.18 -0.22% S&P 500 2,394 -5.19 -0.22% 3:05 A.M. ET Updated United evacuates Houston flight after scorpion spotted 3:05 A.M. ET Thyssenkrupp falls 4.6% in early trade 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,727 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,385.13 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens flat at 7,388.43 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 394.74 2:53 A.M. ET AstraZeneca plans Imfinzi submission after trial 2:51 A.M. ET German GDP up 0.6% on buoyant trade, beating U.S. 2:15 A.M. ET Noble shares slide to fresh 15-year low 2:14 A.M. ET Petrobras posts biggest profit in 2 years 2:14 A.M. ET Greece eyes bond sale amid optimism over debt deal 1:58 A.M. ET United Internet to acquire Drillisch for $3.04B 1:15 A.M. ET Updated Oil poised to gain more than 3% this week as hopes grow over OPEC resolve 12:57 A.M. ET Petrobras posts largest profit in two years 12:01 A.M. ET Fraud alerts are on the rise. Here’s why. 12:01 A.M. ET Why credit and debit card fraud alerts have spiked 5/11 Judge deals blows against Uber in legal battle with Alphabet 5/11 White House announces trade deal with China to boost U.S. exports 5/11 Asian markets pull back after weak earnings in U.S. Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Internet/Online Services The Ratings Game Get email alerts Snap shares crater 21% after results, but some analysts say don’t give up yet By Barbara Kollmeyer Published: May 11, 2017 3:21 p.m. ET Share Looks like an early Twitter so far, says RBC Capital Getty Images By BarbaraKollmeyer Markets reporter Analysts were not quite throwing in the towel on messaging app Snap Inc. early Thursday even as shares looked ready to retest levels not seen since the company went public, after the company reported a $2.2 billion loss. Sticking to an overweight rating and a $28 price target, Brian Nowak and the team at Morgan Stanley said they “remain bullish about SNAP’s SNAP, -21.45%   rising engagement and the monetization potential of its user base.” “We are buyers on weakness (approaching IPO levels) and see execution into 2Q:17 as the next critical signpost,” said Nowak. Of course, Morgan Stanley may not have to wait too long for an opportunity to pick up shares as Snap dropped 20% early Thursday to around $18.26 in premarket trade. Check: MarketWatch’s live-blog recap of Snap’s results Snap priced its IPO at $17 in its March 2 debut, with prices surging to up to nearly $30 in the first two trading sessions. In late March, the stock got a boost as a number of banks, mostly underwriters of the company’s offering, initiated coverage with bullish outlooks. Those were generally more upbeat than the banks that weren’t paid to push that IPO. Morgan Stanley MS, -0.53% who urged investors not to give up on the company Thursday, was among the lead underwriters on the offering, along with Goldman Sachs GS, -0.05% J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, -0.31%  and Deutsche DB, -1.05% Snap reported a huge quarterly loss of $2.2 billion late Wednesday, which was more than four times the total revenue the company had brought in before the recent quarter. The bulk of the losses were pinned on a “CEO Award” given to Chief Executive Officer and co-founder Evan Spiegel, which the company said was fully realized in those first-quarter earnings. Read: Why Snap lost $2.2 billion in its first quarter as a public company A bummer: Morgan Stanley’s Nowak said, of course, there was “no denying” the first-quarter results were a letdown, but that they remain positive because Snap’s story remains the same. The company’s “success going forward...will come down to its ability to continue innovating and improving its user offerings, engagement and ad product suite. There are steps in motion and signs of progress,” said the analysts. Breaking that “progress” down, Nowak said Snap is working to fix its problems with Android devices, which is key as around 30% of the new daily active users in the period came from the Alphabet GOOG, +0.20% -owned Google operating system. Second, first-quarter engagement for Snap was strong, rising 11% from the third quarter of 2016. Finally, Morgan Stanley said the latest figures on ad loads shows that it was still less than 1 ad per daily-average user per hour, versus around 50 for Facebook FB, -0.17%  and roughly 7 for Instagram. An early Twitter: Sticking to a $31 price tag and an outperform rating, Mark Mahaney and the team at RBC Capital Markets noted that Twitter TWTR, -0.81%  shares also collapsed — 24% — after its first set of post-IPO results. “We would strongly argue against Q1 results being thesis-changing. Way too early,” said the analyst, who noted that revenue and adjusted earnings came in at 5% and 3%, which was less than Wall Street expected, but then “clearly much lighter than ‘Market expectations.’ Doug Anmuth and the team at J.P. Morgan said it’s “early days,” for Snap, though they cut their price target to $20 a share from $24. But Anmuth said if you look back at what Facebook was doing in the early days, that company always had sequential ad declines in the first quarter, with a 10% year over year decline in that segment for Snapshot. “It’s very early for the business side of Snap. With 166M users spending an average of 30 minutes/day on Snap — and with what’s been a $30B+ market cap — it’s easy to forget that Snap’s been monetizing for just over 2 years,” he said. The company still has much to do, he added, in building out that ad platform. Facebook making life hard: Meanwhile, less sanguine about those results was SIG Susquehanna where Shyam Patil and the team cut their price target down to the sub-IPO level of $15 from $22 a share, with a neutral rating. Clearly, said the analysts, Facebook’s “superior reach, data, targeting and ad tech” is making life tough for Snap’s monetization and user growth. At Stifel, analysts cut their price target to $22 from $24 a share. “We continue to think Snap has the potential to develop into a durable digital media franchise with considerable upside from its current market cap, but investor skepticism and near-term supply/demand dynamics related to the company’s impending lockup expiration could hold Snap’s stock price in check for the time being,” said Scott Devitt and the team. Indeed, J.P. Morgan analysts said investors should watch out for those 150 and 180-day lockup expirations beginning around July 31. “During that time, around 84% of shares would theoretically become available for sale,” they said. Snap shares were up 1.9% in May through Wednesday, while the S&P 500 SPX, -0.22%  has gained 0.7%. More from MarketWatch Before you turn 40, you should have done all these things with your finances Apple issues $7 billion in corporate bonds Model 3: The Key to Tesla’s Future? Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets Investing Quote References SNAP -4.93 -21.45% MS -0.23 -0.53% GS -0.12 -0.05% JPM -0.27 -0.31% DB -0.20 -1.05% GOOG +1.82 +0.20% FB -0.25 -0.17% TWTR -0.15 -0.81% SPX -5.19 -0.22% Show all references Most Popular Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover Nvidia’s $3 billion chip sends stock to yet more records Watch as helicopter warns surfers they’re next to ‘approximately 15 great white sharks’ Morgan Stanley says risk of a recession has decreased to 1-in-4 odds 'Forest Bathers' Seek Therapeutic Effects of Trees Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. MarketWatch Partner Center Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Snap Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SNAP $18.05 -4.93 (-21.45%) Volume 128.2M Open $17.96 High $18.90 Low $17.59 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 26.9B Morgan Stanley U.S.: NYSE: MS $42.87 -0.23 (-0.53%) Volume 6.2M Open $42.98 High $43.20 Low $42.44 P/E Ratio 12.72 Div Yield 1.87 Market Cap 79.7B Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $224.76 -0.12 (-0.05%) Volume 2.3M Open $224.35 High $225.09 Low $222.15 P/E Ratio 11.94 Div Yield 1.33 Market Cap 88.5B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $87.16 -0.27 (-0.31%) Volume 10.2M Open $87.09 High $87.48 Low $86.35 P/E Ratio 13.43 Div Yield 2.29 Market Cap 310.6B Deutsche Bank AG U.S.: NYSE: DB $18.81 -0.20 (-1.05%) Volume 3.0M Open $18.90 High $18.94 Low $18.66 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.08 Market Cap 36.1B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $930.60 +1.82 (+0.20%) Volume 819.5K Open $925.32 High $932.53 Low $923.03 P/E Ratio 31.45 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 648.4B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $150.04 -0.25 (-0.17%) Volume 11.3M Open $150.31 High $150.65 Low $149.41 P/E Ratio 39.69 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 435.5B Twitter Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TWTR $18.39 -0.15 (-0.81%) Volume 12.4M Open $18.63 High $18.75 Low $18.31 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 13.5B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,394.44 -5.19 (-0.22%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,395 High 2,396 Low 2,382 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES COMPANIES May 12, 2017 | Last updated 7 minutes ago usd---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: IPL Business Podcast UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Business Podcast Data Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Why gold fans should brace for higher prices Gold hits biggest fall since March Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Gold Rate Sectors29 Markets15 Automotives2 Banking1 Construction Employment Features2 General Investment1 Media1 Careers2 Energy54 Retail3 Shipping2 Technology10 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Emissions cheating: VW to pay $1.2b New Windows: Pick up where you left off Embed coaching as corporate strategic investment Aviation5 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Emirates profit falls after 'turbulent year’ Air India Express eyes tie-up with flydubai Abu Dhabi Airports signs MoU with Musanada Economy4 Property1 GN Property top stories in Property Union Properties’ reports flat profits MAG gets back into upscale ways Mid-market property in Dubai may feel pressure Money Dirhams and Dollars Visas Analysis3 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Snap shares plummet as investors mark down first earnings report Some investors were hoping Snap would surprise them with big numbers in its first quarterly report Published: 14:06 May 11, 2017 Reuters   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Bengaluru, San Francisco: Snap Inc shares plunged on Wednesday after the owner of Snapchat reported slowing user growth and revenue in its first earnings report as a public company, missing some Wall Street estimates as it competes with copycat messaging apps. Shares tumbled 23 per cent in after-hours trading to wipe some $6 billion (Dh22 billion) from Snap’s market value, a reversal for the company after a red-hot March initial public offering that was the biggest for a US tech company since Facebook Inc’s 2012 debut. The stock fell to $17.66, just above its IPO price of $17. Some investors were hoping Snap would surprise them with big numbers in its first quarterly report, BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield said. “The fact that they failed to live up to expectations, let alone exceed them, disappointed people,” he said. The performance echoed slides in Facebook and Twitter after they posted debut scorecards following their IPOs. Twitter shares cratered 24 per cent the next day, while Facebook’s tumbled 11 per cent, still the biggest-ever one-day losses for both. Jab at Facebook Snap Chief Executive Evan Spiegel sought to reassure investors during an earnings call, fielding a dozen questions that ranged from strategy to how it would deal with competitors. He also did not shy away from one query that allowed him to take a feisty jab at Facebook. “If you want to be a creative company, you’ve got to get comfortable with and enjoy the fact that people are going to copy your product if you make great stuff,” he said. Making a comparison to the search industry, Spiegel added: “Just because Yahoo has a search box doesn’t mean they’re Google.” Snap said its daily active users (DAUs) rose 36.1 per cent to 166 million in the first quarter from a year earlier, marking a slowdown from the 47.7 per cent rise for the fourth quarter and 62.8 per cent jump for the third quarter that the company reported in its IPO filing. The slowing rate of growth was in line with an estimate from JPMorgan, which accurately expected 166 million DAUs for the first quarter. Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co Inc had pegged them even higher at 173 million. Market valuation Snap’s March IPO priced above the company’s target range as investors put aside concerns about a lack of profits and voting rights to get a piece of the action. The IPO raised $3.4 billion and gave the company a market valuation of roughly $24 billion, and shares surged 44 per cent in their first day of trading. Facebook, which made a $3 billion bid for Snapchat in 2013, has upped the ante by offering camera-related features similar to Snap on its platforms, including Instagram and WhatsApp. The company said in April that Instagram Stories alone had reached 200 million daily active users. Snapchat’s growth was faster than Facebook, however, which said its overall daily user base grew 18 per cent year-over-year in the first quarter, as well as Twitter, which reported growth of 14 per cent in DAUs from a year earlier. Revenue disappointment Like many other Silicon Valley businesses, Snap is closely tied to its young founders. Spiegel, who received a stock-based bonus worth nearly $600 million for taking the company public, is 26, and co-founder and Chief Technology Officer Bobby Murphy is 28. The company, though, has brought on others with more experience, including Chairman Michael Lynton, former chief executive of Sony Corp’s movie and music businesses. A lot is riding on Spiegel to build products that delight people, said analyst Greenfield. “The future of Snapchat is on Evan Spiegel and his team to out-innovate everyone else. Time will tell whether that’s possible,” he added. Snap’s revenue jumped nearly fourfold year-over-year to $149.6 million but fell short of the average analyst forecast of $158 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue was also down from the fourth quarter of 2016, a seasonally stronger period for ad sales, when it was $166 million. Revenue was “a relatively disappointing number,” Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser said. “To their credit,” he added, “they did guide towards a number that would be lower, which it was.” Average revenue per user was 90 cents in the first quarter, Snap said, up from 33 cents the same quarter a year earlier but below the $1.05 per user in the fourth quarter of 2016. Snap’s net loss widened to $2.21 billion, or $2.31 per share, in the first quarter, from $104.6 million, or 14 cents per share, due to stock-based compensation related to the IPO. Although the figure of $2 billion in total stock-based compensation was known ahead of time, investors were surprised to see all of it show up in a single quarter rather than spread out over time, said Eric Kim, managing partner at Goodwater Capital. “It is an eye-popping number for sure,” he said. Advertising dollars Snapchat launched in 2012 as a mobile app that allows users to send photos, known as snaps, that vanish within seconds. The company rebranded as Snap Inc last year, and moved into the hardware space with Spectacles, its colourful sunglasses that record short videos to post on Snapchat. Users created more than 3 billion snaps daily on average during the first quarter, up from more than 2.5 billion during the third quarter of 2016, the company said. Snap receives some revenue from branded or sponsored filters and lenses, but depends on advertising dollars for the bulk of its overall revenue. Digital marketing firm eMarketer in March had trimmed its 2017 US advertising revenue forecast for Snap by $30 million to $770 million, citing higher-than-expected revenue sharing with the company’s partners. The total US digital advertising market is meanwhile expected to reach $83 billion, according to eMarketer, up nearly 16 per cent from last year. More from Companies Dana Gas first-quarter profit nearly doubles Al Borg to buy Anglo Arabian’s lab business Marka fails yet again to record quarterly profit UniCredit first quarter profits double Bombardier executive chairman to step down Panasonic net profit hit PwC fined record £5m Uber deemed transport service by EU top court tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNTwitter follow this tag on MGNFacebook follow this tag on MGNGoogle follow this tag on MGNYahoo follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessCompanies tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNTwitter follow this tag on MGN+ MGNFacebook follow this tag on MGN+ MGNGoogle follow this tag on MGN+ MGNYahoo follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In CompaniesDana Gas first-quarter profit nearly doubles Business Gallery China’s home-grown C919 passenger jet takes off In Pictures: Arab Media Forum kicks off in Dubai Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Drake & Scull clarifies on Aramco payments 02Aldar scores high on Q1-17 revenue 03Dubai Investments reports a dip in net profit Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Dubai residents on gas increase Jul 22, 2015 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 2Images China’s home-grown C919 passenger jet takes off May 05, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 8Images Dubai’s next big mall gets into project mode Mar 16, 2017 12Images China-Britain freight train completes round trip Apr 30, 2017 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee World, UAE Markets Data OverviewGccEuropeAsiau.s. Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg 1d1 Wk1Mth1Qtr1Yr5Yr As on 2017-05-11 16:40:43 Currency Updates pair-currency Loading..No value Markets Currencies currenciesAgainst USDAgainst BHD Against EUR Against GBP Against PHILIPINE PESO Against SAR Against OMR Against QAR Against KWD Against AED Value % Change As on Events to watch May  2017 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 13 May10:00 AM Lammeh ExhibitionDubai World Trade Centre (DWTC) 14 May10:00 AM Lammeh ExhibitionDubai World Trade Centre (DWTC) 15 May International Day of Families, May 15 15 May10:00 AM Lammeh ExhibitionDubai World Trade Centre (DWTC) 17 May World Telecommunication and Information Society 21 May World Day for Cultural Diversity 29 Jul02:00 PM Unite with Tomorrowland Live in Dubai Festival City Arena Dubai 30 Jul02:00 PM Unite with Tomorrowland Live in Dubai Festival City Arena Dubai Most Popular on Gulf News Housewife: I was kidnapped and raped How a selfie landed 3 women in trouble Indian stuck in blood money case flies home $1m jackpot leaves ex-teacher in awe Woman in court for 'sex with boyfriend' remark Your guide 2017 UAE holidays Tourist filmed naked at hotel, court hears 20 places to visit for free or less than Dh20 Man finds alphabets in Dubai from space Close Recommended For You The children who are learning codingPUBLISHED ON May 12, 2017 Islamic scholar finally leaves for CanadaPUBLISHED ON May 12, 2017 Watch: Love message gets husband in troublePUBLISHED ON May 12, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2017. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Dougherty & Co Weighs in on Callidus Software Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (CALD) Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (ADMS) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Blueknight Energy Partners L.P. (BKEP) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.02 Per Share Research Analysts Set Expectations for TopBuild Corp’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BLD) CommerceHub Inc (CHUBA) Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.04 Per Share Antares Pharma Inc (ATRS) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Aecom (ACM) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.34 EPS Vishay Precision Group Inc (VPG) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.03 EPS ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €15.50 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Glencore PLC (GLEN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group AG South32 Ltd (S32) Given New GBX 180 Price Target at Citigroup Inc First Quadrant L P CA Has $384,000 Stake in Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) iRobot Co. (IRBT) Stake Maintained by First Quadrant L P CA East West Bancorp, Inc. (EWBC) Shares Bought by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Has $423,000 Stake in Hess Corp. (HES) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Holds Stake in GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Short Interest Update Brink's Company (BCO) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 16th David S. Chernow Sells 116,050 Shares of Select Medical Holdings Co. (SEM) Stock Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (ADMS) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:ADMS) posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday. The specialty pharmaceutical company reported ($0.72) EPS for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of ($0.72). Adamas Pharmaceuticals had a negative return on equity of 38.31% and a negative net margin of 5,267.99%. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted ($0.65) earnings per share. Adamas Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ADMS) opened at 17.09 on Thursday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $16.72 and a 200 day moving average price of $16.38. The firm’s market capitalization is $379.72 million. Adamas Pharmaceuticals has a 1-year low of $12.10 and a 1-year high of $19.50. In other news, CEO Gregory T. Went sold 2,807 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $17.03, for a total transaction of $47,803.21. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 166,526 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,835,937.78. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. In the last three months, insiders have sold 4,256 shares of company stock worth $72,480. 31.79% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. American International Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals by 7.1% in the first quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 10,284 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $180,000 after buying an additional 682 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals by 2.4% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 65,830 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $1,152,000 after buying an additional 1,563 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals by 28.4% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 15,166 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $266,000 after buying an additional 3,358 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals by 4.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 163,450 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $2,683,000 after buying an additional 7,651 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Sio Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals by 17.0% in the third quarter. Sio Capital Management LLC now owns 66,110 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $1,085,000 after buying an additional 9,610 shares in the last quarter. 75.44% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/adamas-pharmaceuticals-inc-adms-issues-quarterly-earnings-results.html. Several research firms have commented on ADMS. Zacks Investment Research cut Adamas Pharmaceuticals from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Mizuho restated a “buy” rating and issued a $26.00 price target on shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $28.33. Adamas Pharmaceuticals Company Profile Adamas Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a pharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in developing medicines to manage the daily lives of those affected by chronic neurologic disorders. It offers a platform based on an understanding of time dependent biologic effects of disease activity and drug response to achieve relief without tolerability issues. Receive News & Ratings for Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hilton Grand Vacations Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hilton Grand Vacations Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (HGV) to Buy Insmed Incorporated (INSM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Everbridge Inc (EVBG) Rating Reiterated by Pacific Crest Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades ING Groep NV (ING) to Hold Inovalon Holdings Inc (INOV) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Century Aluminum (CENX) Given Media Impact Score of 0.44 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Hexcel (HXL) Share Price Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect CIT Group (CIT) Stock Price Very Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Hanover Insurance Group (THG) Stock Price Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Fiserv Inc (FISV) Issued By First Analysis Oppenheimer Holdings Brokers Boost Earnings Estimates for First Data Corp (FDC) National Health Investors Inc (NHI) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance TeleTech Holdings, Inc. (TTEC) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.07 EPS TheStreet, Inc. (TST) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.08 EPS DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance AquaVenture Holdings Ltd (WAAS) Releases Earnings Results, Hits Expectations Dermira Inc (DERM) Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.81) Per Share Zosano Pharma Corp (ZSAN) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.04 EPS Chicago Bridge & Iron Company (CBI) Price Target Cut to $32.00 Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (HGV) to Buy May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (NYSE:HGV) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a $40.00 target price on the stock. Zacks Investment Research‘s target price would suggest a potential upside of 11.45% from the company’s previous close. According to Zacks, “Hilton Grand Vacations Company, LLC, a division of Hilton Worldwide, is engaged in hospitality business. It markets and operates vacation ownership resorts. The company also manages and serves club membership programs which include Hilton Grand Vacations Club(R) and The Hilton Club(R). It operates primarily in USA, Indonesia, Italy, Mexico, New Zealand, Portugal, Scotland and Thailand. Hilton Grand Vacations Company, LLC is headquartered in Orlando, Florida. “ Other analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. Instinet lifted their price objective on shares of Hilton Grand Vacations from $32.00 to $36.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of Hilton Grand Vacations from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $35.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Nomura reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $43.00 price objective on shares of Hilton Grand Vacations in a research note on Friday, May 5th. Janney Montgomery Scott reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $38.00 price objective on shares of Hilton Grand Vacations in a research note on Thursday, April 20th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Hilton Grand Vacations in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $37.00 price objective on the stock. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, Hilton Grand Vacations has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $36.63. Hilton Grand Vacations (NYSE:HGV) opened at 35.89 on Tuesday. Hilton Grand Vacations has a 52 week low of $24.60 and a 52 week high of $37.21. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $31.49 and its 200-day moving average is $29.71. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.55 billion and a P/E ratio of 20.90. Hilton Grand Vacations (NYSE:HGV) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported $0.38 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.40 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $415 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $397.58 million. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.9% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts predict that Hilton Grand Vacations will post $1.92 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (HGV) to Buy” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/zacks-investment-research-upgrades-hilton-grand-vacations-inc-hgv-to-buy.html. About Hilton Grand Vacations Hilton Grand Vacations Inc is a timeshare company that markets and sells vacation ownership intervals (VOIs), manages resorts in leisure and urban destinations, and operates a points-based vacation club. The Company operates its business across two segments: Real Estate Sales and Financing, and Resort Operations and Club Management. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Hilton Grand Vacations (HGV) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Hilton Grand Vacations Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hilton Grand Vacations Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,919 -23.69 -0.11% Nasdaq 6,116 -13.18 -0.22% S&P 500 2,394 -5.19 -0.22% 3:05 A.M. ET Updated United evacuates Houston flight after scorpion spotted 3:05 A.M. ET Thyssenkrupp falls 4.6% in early trade 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,727 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,385.13 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens flat at 7,388.43 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 394.74 2:53 A.M. ET AstraZeneca plans Imfinzi submission after trial 2:51 A.M. ET German GDP up 0.6% on buoyant trade, beating U.S. 2:15 A.M. ET Noble shares slide to fresh 15-year low 2:14 A.M. ET Petrobras posts biggest profit in 2 years 2:14 A.M. ET Greece eyes bond sale amid optimism over debt deal 1:58 A.M. ET United Internet to acquire Drillisch for $3.04B 1:15 A.M. ET Updated Oil poised to gain more than 3% this week as hopes grow over OPEC resolve 12:57 A.M. ET Petrobras posts largest profit in two years 12:01 A.M. ET Fraud alerts are on the rise. Here’s why. 12:01 A.M. ET Why credit and debit card fraud alerts have spiked 5/11 Judge deals blows against Uber in legal battle with Alphabet 5/11 White House announces trade deal with China to boost U.S. exports 5/11 Asian markets pull back after weak earnings in U.S. Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Internet/Online Services The Ratings Game Get email alerts Snap shares crater 21% after results, but some analysts say don’t give up yet By Barbara Kollmeyer Published: May 11, 2017 3:21 p.m. ET Share Looks like an early Twitter so far, says RBC Capital Getty Images By BarbaraKollmeyer Markets reporter Analysts were not quite throwing in the towel on messaging app Snap Inc. early Thursday even as shares looked ready to retest levels not seen since the company went public, after the company reported a $2.2 billion loss. Sticking to an overweight rating and a $28 price target, Brian Nowak and the team at Morgan Stanley said they “remain bullish about SNAP’s SNAP, -21.45%   rising engagement and the monetization potential of its user base.” “We are buyers on weakness (approaching IPO levels) and see execution into 2Q:17 as the next critical signpost,” said Nowak. Of course, Morgan Stanley may not have to wait too long for an opportunity to pick up shares as Snap dropped 20% early Thursday to around $18.26 in premarket trade. Check: MarketWatch’s live-blog recap of Snap’s results Snap priced its IPO at $17 in its March 2 debut, with prices surging to up to nearly $30 in the first two trading sessions. In late March, the stock got a boost as a number of banks, mostly underwriters of the company’s offering, initiated coverage with bullish outlooks. Those were generally more upbeat than the banks that weren’t paid to push that IPO. Morgan Stanley MS, -0.53% who urged investors not to give up on the company Thursday, was among the lead underwriters on the offering, along with Goldman Sachs GS, -0.05% J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, -0.31%  and Deutsche DB, -1.05% Snap reported a huge quarterly loss of $2.2 billion late Wednesday, which was more than four times the total revenue the company had brought in before the recent quarter. The bulk of the losses were pinned on a “CEO Award” given to Chief Executive Officer and co-founder Evan Spiegel, which the company said was fully realized in those first-quarter earnings. Read: Why Snap lost $2.2 billion in its first quarter as a public company A bummer: Morgan Stanley’s Nowak said, of course, there was “no denying” the first-quarter results were a letdown, but that they remain positive because Snap’s story remains the same. The company’s “success going forward...will come down to its ability to continue innovating and improving its user offerings, engagement and ad product suite. There are steps in motion and signs of progress,” said the analysts. Breaking that “progress” down, Nowak said Snap is working to fix its problems with Android devices, which is key as around 30% of the new daily active users in the period came from the Alphabet GOOG, +0.20% -owned Google operating system. Second, first-quarter engagement for Snap was strong, rising 11% from the third quarter of 2016. Finally, Morgan Stanley said the latest figures on ad loads shows that it was still less than 1 ad per daily-average user per hour, versus around 50 for Facebook FB, -0.17%  and roughly 7 for Instagram. An early Twitter: Sticking to a $31 price tag and an outperform rating, Mark Mahaney and the team at RBC Capital Markets noted that Twitter TWTR, -0.81%  shares also collapsed — 24% — after its first set of post-IPO results. “We would strongly argue against Q1 results being thesis-changing. Way too early,” said the analyst, who noted that revenue and adjusted earnings came in at 5% and 3%, which was less than Wall Street expected, but then “clearly much lighter than ‘Market expectations.’ Doug Anmuth and the team at J.P. Morgan said it’s “early days,” for Snap, though they cut their price target to $20 a share from $24. But Anmuth said if you look back at what Facebook was doing in the early days, that company always had sequential ad declines in the first quarter, with a 10% year over year decline in that segment for Snapshot. “It’s very early for the business side of Snap. With 166M users spending an average of 30 minutes/day on Snap — and with what’s been a $30B+ market cap — it’s easy to forget that Snap’s been monetizing for just over 2 years,” he said. The company still has much to do, he added, in building out that ad platform. Facebook making life hard: Meanwhile, less sanguine about those results was SIG Susquehanna where Shyam Patil and the team cut their price target down to the sub-IPO level of $15 from $22 a share, with a neutral rating. Clearly, said the analysts, Facebook’s “superior reach, data, targeting and ad tech” is making life tough for Snap’s monetization and user growth. At Stifel, analysts cut their price target to $22 from $24 a share. “We continue to think Snap has the potential to develop into a durable digital media franchise with considerable upside from its current market cap, but investor skepticism and near-term supply/demand dynamics related to the company’s impending lockup expiration could hold Snap’s stock price in check for the time being,” said Scott Devitt and the team. Indeed, J.P. Morgan analysts said investors should watch out for those 150 and 180-day lockup expirations beginning around July 31. “During that time, around 84% of shares would theoretically become available for sale,” they said. Snap shares were up 1.9% in May through Wednesday, while the S&P 500 SPX, -0.22%  has gained 0.7%. More from MarketWatch Model 3: The Key to Tesla’s Future? Kentucky Derby: Four Roses Bourbon Is the Favorite Why Trump Decided to Fire Comey Now Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets Investing Quote References SNAP -4.93 -21.45% MS -0.23 -0.53% GS -0.12 -0.05% JPM -0.27 -0.31% DB -0.20 -1.05% GOOG +1.82 +0.20% FB -0.25 -0.17% TWTR -0.15 -0.81% SPX -5.19 -0.22% Show all references Most Popular Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover Nvidia’s $3 billion chip sends stock to yet more records Watch as helicopter warns surfers they’re next to ‘approximately 15 great white sharks’ Morgan Stanley says risk of a recession has decreased to 1-in-4 odds 'Forest Bathers' Seek Therapeutic Effects of Trees Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. MarketWatch Partner Center Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Snap Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SNAP $18.05 -4.93 (-21.45%) Volume 128.2M Open $17.96 High $18.90 Low $17.59 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 26.9B Morgan Stanley U.S.: NYSE: MS $42.87 -0.23 (-0.53%) Volume 6.2M Open $42.98 High $43.20 Low $42.44 P/E Ratio 12.72 Div Yield 1.87 Market Cap 79.7B Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $224.76 -0.12 (-0.05%) Volume 2.3M Open $224.35 High $225.09 Low $222.15 P/E Ratio 11.94 Div Yield 1.33 Market Cap 88.5B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $87.16 -0.27 (-0.31%) Volume 10.2M Open $87.09 High $87.48 Low $86.35 P/E Ratio 13.43 Div Yield 2.29 Market Cap 310.6B Deutsche Bank AG U.S.: NYSE: DB $18.81 -0.20 (-1.05%) Volume 3.0M Open $18.90 High $18.94 Low $18.66 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.08 Market Cap 36.1B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $930.60 +1.82 (+0.20%) Volume 819.5K Open $925.32 High $932.53 Low $923.03 P/E Ratio 31.45 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 648.4B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $150.04 -0.25 (-0.17%) Volume 11.3M Open $150.31 High $150.65 Low $149.41 P/E Ratio 39.69 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 435.5B Twitter Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TWTR $18.39 -0.15 (-0.81%) Volume 12.4M Open $18.63 High $18.75 Low $18.31 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 13.5B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,394.44 -5.19 (-0.22%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,395 High 2,396 Low 2,382 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ING Groep NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insmed Incorporated (INSM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Everbridge Inc (EVBG) Rating Reiterated by Pacific Crest Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades ING Groep NV (ING) to Hold Inovalon Holdings Inc (INOV) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Century Aluminum (CENX) Given Media Impact Score of 0.44 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Hexcel (HXL) Share Price Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect CIT Group (CIT) Stock Price Very Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Hanover Insurance Group (THG) Stock Price Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Fiserv Inc (FISV) Issued By First Analysis Oppenheimer Holdings Brokers Boost Earnings Estimates for First Data Corp (FDC) National Health Investors Inc (NHI) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance TeleTech Holdings, Inc. (TTEC) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.07 EPS TheStreet, Inc. (TST) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.08 EPS DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance AquaVenture Holdings Ltd (WAAS) Releases Earnings Results, Hits Expectations Dermira Inc (DERM) Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.81) Per Share Zosano Pharma Corp (ZSAN) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.04 EPS Chicago Bridge & Iron Company (CBI) Price Target Cut to $32.00 Black Knight Financial Services Inc (BKFS) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades ING Groep NV (ING) to Hold May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report issued on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “ING GROEP-ADR is a global financial institution of Dutch origin offering banking, insurance and asset management to over 50 million private, corporate and institutional clients in 65 countries. ING can fully deliver what today’s clients expect: unlimited access, maximum convenience, immediate and accurate execution, personal advice, tailor-made solutions and competitive rates. “ Several other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports on the stock. Societe Generale cut shares of ING Groep NV from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Jefferies Group LLC initiated coverage on shares of ING Groep NV in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of ING Groep NV in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc lowered shares of ING Groep NV from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of ING Groep NV in a report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $17.00. ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) opened at 16.77 on Tuesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $15.55 and its 200-day moving average is $14.55. ING Groep NV has a 52 week low of $9.26 and a 52 week high of $17.35. The stock has a market capitalization of $65.03 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.98 and a beta of 1.38. ING Groep NV also saw unusually large options trading activity on Monday. Stock traders purchased 26,982 call options on the stock. This is an increase of 1,246% compared to the typical daily volume of 2,004 call options. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Zacks Investment Research Upgrades ING Groep NV (ING) to Hold” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/zacks-investment-research-upgrades-ing-groep-nv-ing-to-hold.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. World Asset Management Inc raised its position in shares of ING Groep NV by 8.1% in the third quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 259,126 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $3,198,000 after buying an additional 19,492 shares during the last quarter. Sit Investment Associates Inc. raised its position in shares of ING Groep NV by 14.9% in the third quarter. Sit Investment Associates Inc. now owns 249,815 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $3,083,000 after buying an additional 32,470 shares during the last quarter. Todd Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of ING Groep NV by 9.4% in the third quarter. Todd Asset Management LLC now owns 1,258,976 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $15,536,000 after buying an additional 108,667 shares during the last quarter. OLD National Bancorp IN raised its position in shares of ING Groep NV by 2.2% in the third quarter. OLD National Bancorp IN now owns 50,560 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $624,000 after buying an additional 1,078 shares during the last quarter. Finally, AMG National Trust Bank raised its position in shares of ING Groep NV by 23.7% in the third quarter. AMG National Trust Bank now owns 118,002 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,456,000 after buying an additional 22,571 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 1.82% of the company’s stock. About ING Groep NV ING Groep N.V. (ING) is a financial institution. The Company offers banking services. The Company’s segments include Retail Netherlands, which offers current and savings accounts, business lending, mortgages and other consumer lending in the Netherlands; Retail Belgium, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands; Retail Germany, which offers current and savings accounts, mortgages and other customer lending; Retail Other, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands, and Wholesale Banking, which offers wholesale banking activities (a full range of products from cash management to corporate finance), real estate and lease. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on ING Groep NV (ING) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for ING Groep NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,919 -23.69 -0.11% Nasdaq 6,116 -13.18 -0.22% S&P 500 2,394 -5.19 -0.22% 3:05 A.M. ET Updated United evacuates Houston flight after scorpion spotted 3:05 A.M. ET Thyssenkrupp falls 4.6% in early trade 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,727 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,385.13 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens flat at 7,388.43 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 394.74 2:53 A.M. ET AstraZeneca plans Imfinzi submission after trial 2:51 A.M. ET German GDP up 0.6% on buoyant trade, beating U.S. 2:15 A.M. ET Noble shares slide to fresh 15-year low 2:14 A.M. ET Petrobras posts biggest profit in 2 years 2:14 A.M. ET Greece eyes bond sale amid optimism over debt deal 1:58 A.M. ET United Internet to acquire Drillisch for $3.04B 1:15 A.M. ET Updated Oil poised to gain more than 3% this week as hopes grow over OPEC resolve 12:57 A.M. ET Petrobras posts largest profit in two years 12:01 A.M. ET Fraud alerts are on the rise. Here’s why. 12:01 A.M. ET Why credit and debit card fraud alerts have spiked 5/11 Judge deals blows against Uber in legal battle with Alphabet 5/11 White House announces trade deal with China to boost U.S. exports 5/11 Asian markets pull back after weak earnings in U.S. Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Internet/Online Services The Ratings Game Get email alerts Snap shares crater 21% after results, but some analysts say don’t give up yet By Barbara Kollmeyer Published: May 11, 2017 3:21 p.m. ET Share Looks like an early Twitter so far, says RBC Capital Getty Images By BarbaraKollmeyer Markets reporter Analysts were not quite throwing in the towel on messaging app Snap Inc. early Thursday even as shares looked ready to retest levels not seen since the company went public, after the company reported a $2.2 billion loss. Sticking to an overweight rating and a $28 price target, Brian Nowak and the team at Morgan Stanley said they “remain bullish about SNAP’s SNAP, -21.45%   rising engagement and the monetization potential of its user base.” “We are buyers on weakness (approaching IPO levels) and see execution into 2Q:17 as the next critical signpost,” said Nowak. Of course, Morgan Stanley may not have to wait too long for an opportunity to pick up shares as Snap dropped 20% early Thursday to around $18.26 in premarket trade. Check: MarketWatch’s live-blog recap of Snap’s results Snap priced its IPO at $17 in its March 2 debut, with prices surging to up to nearly $30 in the first two trading sessions. In late March, the stock got a boost as a number of banks, mostly underwriters of the company’s offering, initiated coverage with bullish outlooks. Those were generally more upbeat than the banks that weren’t paid to push that IPO. Morgan Stanley MS, -0.53% who urged investors not to give up on the company Thursday, was among the lead underwriters on the offering, along with Goldman Sachs GS, -0.05% J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, -0.31%  and Deutsche DB, -1.05% Snap reported a huge quarterly loss of $2.2 billion late Wednesday, which was more than four times the total revenue the company had brought in before the recent quarter. The bulk of the losses were pinned on a “CEO Award” given to Chief Executive Officer and co-founder Evan Spiegel, which the company said was fully realized in those first-quarter earnings. Read: Why Snap lost $2.2 billion in its first quarter as a public company A bummer: Morgan Stanley’s Nowak said, of course, there was “no denying” the first-quarter results were a letdown, but that they remain positive because Snap’s story remains the same. The company’s “success going forward...will come down to its ability to continue innovating and improving its user offerings, engagement and ad product suite. There are steps in motion and signs of progress,” said the analysts. Breaking that “progress” down, Nowak said Snap is working to fix its problems with Android devices, which is key as around 30% of the new daily active users in the period came from the Alphabet GOOG, +0.20% -owned Google operating system. Second, first-quarter engagement for Snap was strong, rising 11% from the third quarter of 2016. Finally, Morgan Stanley said the latest figures on ad loads shows that it was still less than 1 ad per daily-average user per hour, versus around 50 for Facebook FB, -0.17%  and roughly 7 for Instagram. An early Twitter: Sticking to a $31 price tag and an outperform rating, Mark Mahaney and the team at RBC Capital Markets noted that Twitter TWTR, -0.81%  shares also collapsed — 24% — after its first set of post-IPO results. “We would strongly argue against Q1 results being thesis-changing. Way too early,” said the analyst, who noted that revenue and adjusted earnings came in at 5% and 3%, which was less than Wall Street expected, but then “clearly much lighter than ‘Market expectations.’ Doug Anmuth and the team at J.P. Morgan said it’s “early days,” for Snap, though they cut their price target to $20 a share from $24. But Anmuth said if you look back at what Facebook was doing in the early days, that company always had sequential ad declines in the first quarter, with a 10% year over year decline in that segment for Snapshot. “It’s very early for the business side of Snap. With 166M users spending an average of 30 minutes/day on Snap — and with what’s been a $30B+ market cap — it’s easy to forget that Snap’s been monetizing for just over 2 years,” he said. The company still has much to do, he added, in building out that ad platform. Facebook making life hard: Meanwhile, less sanguine about those results was SIG Susquehanna where Shyam Patil and the team cut their price target down to the sub-IPO level of $15 from $22 a share, with a neutral rating. Clearly, said the analysts, Facebook’s “superior reach, data, targeting and ad tech” is making life tough for Snap’s monetization and user growth. At Stifel, analysts cut their price target to $22 from $24 a share. “We continue to think Snap has the potential to develop into a durable digital media franchise with considerable upside from its current market cap, but investor skepticism and near-term supply/demand dynamics related to the company’s impending lockup expiration could hold Snap’s stock price in check for the time being,” said Scott Devitt and the team. Indeed, J.P. Morgan analysts said investors should watch out for those 150 and 180-day lockup expirations beginning around July 31. “During that time, around 84% of shares would theoretically become available for sale,” they said. Snap shares were up 1.9% in May through Wednesday, while the S&P 500 SPX, -0.22%  has gained 0.7%. More from MarketWatch This man lives with his five young kids in a 1,050-square-foot apartment Kentucky Derby: Four Roses Bourbon Is the Favorite Before you turn 40, you should have done all these things with your finances Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets Investing Quote References SNAP -4.93 -21.45% MS -0.23 -0.53% GS -0.12 -0.05% JPM -0.27 -0.31% DB -0.20 -1.05% GOOG +1.82 +0.20% FB -0.25 -0.17% TWTR -0.15 -0.81% SPX -5.19 -0.22% Show all references Most Popular Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover Nvidia’s $3 billion chip sends stock to yet more records Watch as helicopter warns surfers they’re next to ‘approximately 15 great white sharks’ Morgan Stanley says risk of a recession has decreased to 1-in-4 odds 'Forest Bathers' Seek Therapeutic Effects of Trees Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. MarketWatch Partner Center Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Snap Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SNAP $18.05 -4.93 (-21.45%) Volume 128.2M Open $17.96 High $18.90 Low $17.59 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 26.9B Morgan Stanley U.S.: NYSE: MS $42.87 -0.23 (-0.53%) Volume 6.2M Open $42.98 High $43.20 Low $42.44 P/E Ratio 12.72 Div Yield 1.87 Market Cap 79.7B Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $224.76 -0.12 (-0.05%) Volume 2.3M Open $224.35 High $225.09 Low $222.15 P/E Ratio 11.94 Div Yield 1.33 Market Cap 88.5B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $87.16 -0.27 (-0.31%) Volume 10.2M Open $87.09 High $87.48 Low $86.35 P/E Ratio 13.43 Div Yield 2.29 Market Cap 310.6B Deutsche Bank AG U.S.: NYSE: DB $18.81 -0.20 (-1.05%) Volume 3.0M Open $18.90 High $18.94 Low $18.66 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.08 Market Cap 36.1B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $930.60 +1.82 (+0.20%) Volume 819.5K Open $925.32 High $932.53 Low $923.03 P/E Ratio 31.45 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 648.4B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $150.04 -0.25 (-0.17%) Volume 11.3M Open $150.31 High $150.65 Low $149.41 P/E Ratio 39.69 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 435.5B Twitter Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TWTR $18.39 -0.15 (-0.81%) Volume 12.4M Open $18.63 High $18.75 Low $18.31 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 13.5B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,394.44 -5.19 (-0.22%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,395 High 2,396 Low 2,382 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Latest News Dow 20,919 -23.69 -0.11% Nasdaq 6,116 -13.18 -0.22% S&P 500 2,394 -5.19 -0.22% 3:05 A.M. ET Updated United evacuates Houston flight after scorpion spotted 3:05 A.M. ET Thyssenkrupp falls 4.6% in early trade 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,727 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,385.13 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens flat at 7,388.43 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 394.74 2:53 A.M. ET AstraZeneca plans Imfinzi submission after trial 2:51 A.M. ET German GDP up 0.6% on buoyant trade, beating U.S. 2:15 A.M. ET Noble shares slide to fresh 15-year low 2:14 A.M. ET Petrobras posts biggest profit in 2 years 2:14 A.M. ET Greece eyes bond sale amid optimism over debt deal 1:58 A.M. ET United Internet to acquire Drillisch for $3.04B 1:15 A.M. ET Updated Oil poised to gain more than 3% this week as hopes grow over OPEC resolve 12:57 A.M. ET Petrobras posts largest profit in two years 12:01 A.M. ET Fraud alerts are on the rise. Here’s why. 12:01 A.M. ET Why credit and debit card fraud alerts have spiked 5/11 Judge deals blows against Uber in legal battle with Alphabet 5/11 White House announces trade deal with China to boost U.S. exports 5/11 Asian markets pull back after weak earnings in U.S. Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Internet/Online Services The Ratings Game Get email alerts Snap shares crater 21% after results, but some analysts say don’t give up yet By Barbara Kollmeyer Published: May 11, 2017 3:21 p.m. ET Share Looks like an early Twitter so far, says RBC Capital Getty Images By BarbaraKollmeyer Markets reporter Analysts were not quite throwing in the towel on messaging app Snap Inc. early Thursday even as shares looked ready to retest levels not seen since the company went public, after the company reported a $2.2 billion loss. Sticking to an overweight rating and a $28 price target, Brian Nowak and the team at Morgan Stanley said they “remain bullish about SNAP’s SNAP, -21.45%   rising engagement and the monetization potential of its user base.” “We are buyers on weakness (approaching IPO levels) and see execution into 2Q:17 as the next critical signpost,” said Nowak. Of course, Morgan Stanley may not have to wait too long for an opportunity to pick up shares as Snap dropped 20% early Thursday to around $18.26 in premarket trade. Check: MarketWatch’s live-blog recap of Snap’s results Snap priced its IPO at $17 in its March 2 debut, with prices surging to up to nearly $30 in the first two trading sessions. In late March, the stock got a boost as a number of banks, mostly underwriters of the company’s offering, initiated coverage with bullish outlooks. Those were generally more upbeat than the banks that weren’t paid to push that IPO. Morgan Stanley MS, -0.53% who urged investors not to give up on the company Thursday, was among the lead underwriters on the offering, along with Goldman Sachs GS, -0.05% J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, -0.31%  and Deutsche DB, -1.05% Snap reported a huge quarterly loss of $2.2 billion late Wednesday, which was more than four times the total revenue the company had brought in before the recent quarter. The bulk of the losses were pinned on a “CEO Award” given to Chief Executive Officer and co-founder Evan Spiegel, which the company said was fully realized in those first-quarter earnings. Read: Why Snap lost $2.2 billion in its first quarter as a public company A bummer: Morgan Stanley’s Nowak said, of course, there was “no denying” the first-quarter results were a letdown, but that they remain positive because Snap’s story remains the same. The company’s “success going forward...will come down to its ability to continue innovating and improving its user offerings, engagement and ad product suite. There are steps in motion and signs of progress,” said the analysts. Breaking that “progress” down, Nowak said Snap is working to fix its problems with Android devices, which is key as around 30% of the new daily active users in the period came from the Alphabet GOOG, +0.20% -owned Google operating system. Second, first-quarter engagement for Snap was strong, rising 11% from the third quarter of 2016. Finally, Morgan Stanley said the latest figures on ad loads shows that it was still less than 1 ad per daily-average user per hour, versus around 50 for Facebook FB, -0.17%  and roughly 7 for Instagram. An early Twitter: Sticking to a $31 price tag and an outperform rating, Mark Mahaney and the team at RBC Capital Markets noted that Twitter TWTR, -0.81%  shares also collapsed — 24% — after its first set of post-IPO results. “We would strongly argue against Q1 results being thesis-changing. Way too early,” said the analyst, who noted that revenue and adjusted earnings came in at 5% and 3%, which was less than Wall Street expected, but then “clearly much lighter than ‘Market expectations.’ Doug Anmuth and the team at J.P. Morgan said it’s “early days,” for Snap, though they cut their price target to $20 a share from $24. But Anmuth said if you look back at what Facebook was doing in the early days, that company always had sequential ad declines in the first quarter, with a 10% year over year decline in that segment for Snapshot. “It’s very early for the business side of Snap. With 166M users spending an average of 30 minutes/day on Snap — and with what’s been a $30B+ market cap — it’s easy to forget that Snap’s been monetizing for just over 2 years,” he said. The company still has much to do, he added, in building out that ad platform. Facebook making life hard: Meanwhile, less sanguine about those results was SIG Susquehanna where Shyam Patil and the team cut their price target down to the sub-IPO level of $15 from $22 a share, with a neutral rating. Clearly, said the analysts, Facebook’s “superior reach, data, targeting and ad tech” is making life tough for Snap’s monetization and user growth. At Stifel, analysts cut their price target to $22 from $24 a share. “We continue to think Snap has the potential to develop into a durable digital media franchise with considerable upside from its current market cap, but investor skepticism and near-term supply/demand dynamics related to the company’s impending lockup expiration could hold Snap’s stock price in check for the time being,” said Scott Devitt and the team. Indeed, J.P. Morgan analysts said investors should watch out for those 150 and 180-day lockup expirations beginning around July 31. “During that time, around 84% of shares would theoretically become available for sale,” they said. Snap shares were up 1.9% in May through Wednesday, while the S&P 500 SPX, -0.22%  has gained 0.7%. More from MarketWatch Model 3: The Key to Tesla’s Future? Kentucky Derby: Four Roses Bourbon Is the Favorite Why Trump Decided to Fire Comey Now Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets Investing Quote References SNAP -4.93 -21.45% MS -0.23 -0.53% GS -0.12 -0.05% JPM -0.27 -0.31% DB -0.20 -1.05% GOOG +1.82 +0.20% FB -0.25 -0.17% TWTR -0.15 -0.81% SPX -5.19 -0.22% Show all references Most Popular Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover Nvidia’s $3 billion chip sends stock to yet more records Watch as helicopter warns surfers they’re next to ‘approximately 15 great white sharks’ Morgan Stanley says risk of a recession has decreased to 1-in-4 odds 'Forest Bathers' Seek Therapeutic Effects of Trees Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. MarketWatch Partner Center Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Snap Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SNAP $18.05 -4.93 (-21.45%) Volume 128.2M Open $17.96 High $18.90 Low $17.59 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 26.9B Morgan Stanley U.S.: NYSE: MS $42.87 -0.23 (-0.53%) Volume 6.2M Open $42.98 High $43.20 Low $42.44 P/E Ratio 12.72 Div Yield 1.87 Market Cap 79.7B Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $224.76 -0.12 (-0.05%) Volume 2.3M Open $224.35 High $225.09 Low $222.15 P/E Ratio 11.94 Div Yield 1.33 Market Cap 88.5B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $87.16 -0.27 (-0.31%) Volume 10.2M Open $87.09 High $87.48 Low $86.35 P/E Ratio 13.43 Div Yield 2.29 Market Cap 310.6B Deutsche Bank AG U.S.: NYSE: DB $18.81 -0.20 (-1.05%) Volume 3.0M Open $18.90 High $18.94 Low $18.66 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.08 Market Cap 36.1B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $930.60 +1.82 (+0.20%) Volume 819.5K Open $925.32 High $932.53 Low $923.03 P/E Ratio 31.45 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 648.4B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $150.04 -0.25 (-0.17%) Volume 11.3M Open $150.31 High $150.65 Low $149.41 P/E Ratio 39.69 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 435.5B Twitter Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TWTR $18.39 -0.15 (-0.81%) Volume 12.4M Open $18.63 High $18.75 Low $18.31 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 13.5B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,394.44 -5.19 (-0.22%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,395 High 2,396 Low 2,382 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Latest News Dow 20,919 -23.69 -0.11% Nasdaq 6,116 -13.18 -0.22% S&P 500 2,394 -5.19 -0.22% 3:05 A.M. ET Updated United evacuates Houston flight after scorpion spotted 3:05 A.M. ET Thyssenkrupp falls 4.6% in early trade 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,727 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,385.13 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens flat at 7,388.43 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 394.74 2:53 A.M. ET AstraZeneca plans Imfinzi submission after trial 2:51 A.M. ET German GDP up 0.6% on buoyant trade, beating U.S. 2:15 A.M. ET Noble shares slide to fresh 15-year low 2:14 A.M. ET Petrobras posts biggest profit in 2 years 2:14 A.M. ET Greece eyes bond sale amid optimism over debt deal 1:58 A.M. ET United Internet to acquire Drillisch for $3.04B 1:15 A.M. ET Updated Oil poised to gain more than 3% this week as hopes grow over OPEC resolve 12:57 A.M. ET Petrobras posts largest profit in two years 12:01 A.M. ET Fraud alerts are on the rise. Here’s why. 12:01 A.M. ET Why credit and debit card fraud alerts have spiked 5/11 Judge deals blows against Uber in legal battle with Alphabet 5/11 White House announces trade deal with China to boost U.S. exports 5/11 Asian markets pull back after weak earnings in U.S. Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Internet/Online Services The Ratings Game Get email alerts Snap shares crater 21% after results, but some analysts say don’t give up yet By Barbara Kollmeyer Published: May 11, 2017 3:21 p.m. ET Share Looks like an early Twitter so far, says RBC Capital Getty Images By BarbaraKollmeyer Markets reporter Analysts were not quite throwing in the towel on messaging app Snap Inc. early Thursday even as shares looked ready to retest levels not seen since the company went public, after the company reported a $2.2 billion loss. Sticking to an overweight rating and a $28 price target, Brian Nowak and the team at Morgan Stanley said they “remain bullish about SNAP’s SNAP, -21.45%   rising engagement and the monetization potential of its user base.” “We are buyers on weakness (approaching IPO levels) and see execution into 2Q:17 as the next critical signpost,” said Nowak. Of course, Morgan Stanley may not have to wait too long for an opportunity to pick up shares as Snap dropped 20% early Thursday to around $18.26 in premarket trade. Check: MarketWatch’s live-blog recap of Snap’s results Snap priced its IPO at $17 in its March 2 debut, with prices surging to up to nearly $30 in the first two trading sessions. In late March, the stock got a boost as a number of banks, mostly underwriters of the company’s offering, initiated coverage with bullish outlooks. Those were generally more upbeat than the banks that weren’t paid to push that IPO. Morgan Stanley MS, -0.53% who urged investors not to give up on the company Thursday, was among the lead underwriters on the offering, along with Goldman Sachs GS, -0.05% J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, -0.31%  and Deutsche DB, -1.05% Snap reported a huge quarterly loss of $2.2 billion late Wednesday, which was more than four times the total revenue the company had brought in before the recent quarter. The bulk of the losses were pinned on a “CEO Award” given to Chief Executive Officer and co-founder Evan Spiegel, which the company said was fully realized in those first-quarter earnings. Read: Why Snap lost $2.2 billion in its first quarter as a public company A bummer: Morgan Stanley’s Nowak said, of course, there was “no denying” the first-quarter results were a letdown, but that they remain positive because Snap’s story remains the same. The company’s “success going forward...will come down to its ability to continue innovating and improving its user offerings, engagement and ad product suite. There are steps in motion and signs of progress,” said the analysts. Breaking that “progress” down, Nowak said Snap is working to fix its problems with Android devices, which is key as around 30% of the new daily active users in the period came from the Alphabet GOOG, +0.20% -owned Google operating system. Second, first-quarter engagement for Snap was strong, rising 11% from the third quarter of 2016. Finally, Morgan Stanley said the latest figures on ad loads shows that it was still less than 1 ad per daily-average user per hour, versus around 50 for Facebook FB, -0.17%  and roughly 7 for Instagram. An early Twitter: Sticking to a $31 price tag and an outperform rating, Mark Mahaney and the team at RBC Capital Markets noted that Twitter TWTR, -0.81%  shares also collapsed — 24% — after its first set of post-IPO results. “We would strongly argue against Q1 results being thesis-changing. Way too early,” said the analyst, who noted that revenue and adjusted earnings came in at 5% and 3%, which was less than Wall Street expected, but then “clearly much lighter than ‘Market expectations.’ Doug Anmuth and the team at J.P. Morgan said it’s “early days,” for Snap, though they cut their price target to $20 a share from $24. But Anmuth said if you look back at what Facebook was doing in the early days, that company always had sequential ad declines in the first quarter, with a 10% year over year decline in that segment for Snapshot. “It’s very early for the business side of Snap. With 166M users spending an average of 30 minutes/day on Snap — and with what’s been a $30B+ market cap — it’s easy to forget that Snap’s been monetizing for just over 2 years,” he said. The company still has much to do, he added, in building out that ad platform. Facebook making life hard: Meanwhile, less sanguine about those results was SIG Susquehanna where Shyam Patil and the team cut their price target down to the sub-IPO level of $15 from $22 a share, with a neutral rating. Clearly, said the analysts, Facebook’s “superior reach, data, targeting and ad tech” is making life tough for Snap’s monetization and user growth. At Stifel, analysts cut their price target to $22 from $24 a share. “We continue to think Snap has the potential to develop into a durable digital media franchise with considerable upside from its current market cap, but investor skepticism and near-term supply/demand dynamics related to the company’s impending lockup expiration could hold Snap’s stock price in check for the time being,” said Scott Devitt and the team. Indeed, J.P. Morgan analysts said investors should watch out for those 150 and 180-day lockup expirations beginning around July 31. “During that time, around 84% of shares would theoretically become available for sale,” they said. Snap shares were up 1.9% in May through Wednesday, while the S&P 500 SPX, -0.22%  has gained 0.7%. More from MarketWatch Film Trailer: 'Baahubali 2: The Conclusion' This man lives with his five young kids in a 1,050-square-foot apartment Morgan Stanley says risk of a recession has decreased to 1-in-4 odds Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets Investing Quote References SNAP -4.93 -21.45% MS -0.23 -0.53% GS -0.12 -0.05% JPM -0.27 -0.31% DB -0.20 -1.05% GOOG +1.82 +0.20% FB -0.25 -0.17% TWTR -0.15 -0.81% SPX -5.19 -0.22% Show all references Most Popular Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover Nvidia’s $3 billion chip sends stock to yet more records Watch as helicopter warns surfers they’re next to ‘approximately 15 great white sharks’ Morgan Stanley says risk of a recession has decreased to 1-in-4 odds 'Forest Bathers' Seek Therapeutic Effects of Trees Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. MarketWatch Partner Center Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Snap Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SNAP $18.05 -4.93 (-21.45%) Volume 128.2M Open $17.96 High $18.90 Low $17.59 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 26.9B Morgan Stanley U.S.: NYSE: MS $42.87 -0.23 (-0.53%) Volume 6.2M Open $42.98 High $43.20 Low $42.44 P/E Ratio 12.72 Div Yield 1.87 Market Cap 79.7B Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $224.76 -0.12 (-0.05%) Volume 2.3M Open $224.35 High $225.09 Low $222.15 P/E Ratio 11.94 Div Yield 1.33 Market Cap 88.5B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $87.16 -0.27 (-0.31%) Volume 10.2M Open $87.09 High $87.48 Low $86.35 P/E Ratio 13.43 Div Yield 2.29 Market Cap 310.6B Deutsche Bank AG U.S.: NYSE: DB $18.81 -0.20 (-1.05%) Volume 3.0M Open $18.90 High $18.94 Low $18.66 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.08 Market Cap 36.1B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $930.60 +1.82 (+0.20%) Volume 819.5K Open $925.32 High $932.53 Low $923.03 P/E Ratio 31.45 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 648.4B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $150.04 -0.25 (-0.17%) Volume 11.3M Open $150.31 High $150.65 Low $149.41 P/E Ratio 39.69 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 435.5B Twitter Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TWTR $18.39 -0.15 (-0.81%) Volume 12.4M Open $18.63 High $18.75 Low $18.31 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 13.5B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,394.44 -5.19 (-0.22%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,395 High 2,396 Low 2,382 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inogen Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Command Security (MOC) Stock Price Inogen Inc to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.26 Per Share, Leerink Swann Forecasts (INGN) ManpowerGroup (MAN) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.35 Pacholder High Yield Fund (PHF) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.34 Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for InnerWorkings, Inc. (INWK) Reduced by William Blair Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Radiant Logistics (RLGT) Stock Price Huron Consulting Group (HURN) Getting Very Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Nam Tai Property (NTP) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Korea Investment CORP Acquires Shares of 27,244 Silver Wheaton Corp. (SLW) United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Shares Bought by UMB Bank N A MO Profund Advisors LLC Takes Position in Momo Inc (MOMO) First Manhattan Co. Maintains Stake in Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN) Aramark (ARMK) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Profund Advisors LLC Boosts Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Zebra Technologies Corp. (ZBRA) Issues Q2 Earnings Guidance 4,818 Shares in TELUS Co. (TU) Acquired by Korea Investment CORP XO Group Inc (XOXO) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Inter Parfums, Inc. Issued By KeyCorp (IPAR) South Jersey Industries Inc (SJI) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.09 EPS Korea Investment CORP Takes Position in Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc – (JAZZ) Inogen Inc to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.26 Per Share, Leerink Swann Forecasts (INGN) May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Inogen Inc (NASDAQ:INGN) – Research analysts at Leerink Swann lowered their Q2 2017 EPS estimates for Inogen in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. Leerink Swann analyst D. Antalffy now forecasts that the medical technology company will post earnings per share of $0.26 for the quarter, down from their previous estimate of $0.36. Leerink Swann also issued estimates for Inogen’s Q3 2017 earnings at $0.28 EPS, Q2 2018 earnings at $0.29 EPS, Q3 2018 earnings at $0.32 EPS, FY2018 earnings at $1.12 EPS and FY2021 earnings at $2.00 EPS. A number of other analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. Sidoti initiated coverage on Inogen in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $79.00 target price for the company. Needham & Company LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $83.00 target price on shares of Inogen in a research report on Wednesday, April 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $78.00 target price on Inogen and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. TheStreet raised Inogen from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut Inogen from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Inogen currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $77.50. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Inogen Inc to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.26 Per Share, Leerink Swann Forecasts (INGN)” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/inogen-inc-to-post-q2-2017-earnings-of-0-26-per-share-leerink-swann-forecasts-ingn.html. Inogen (NASDAQ:INGN) opened at 84.38 on Thursday. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.73 billion, a PE ratio of 86.99 and a beta of 1.07. Inogen has a 52 week low of $43.16 and a 52 week high of $88.61. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $78.82 and a 200 day moving average price of $68.90. Inogen (NASDAQ:INGN) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The medical technology company reported $0.27 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.12 by $0.15. Inogen had a return on equity of 9.59% and a net margin of 7.70%. The firm had revenue of $52.50 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $49.06 million. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.12 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 22.1% compared to the same quarter last year. In other Inogen news, EVP Brenton Taylor sold 3,750 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.07, for a total transaction of $262,762.50. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 31,851 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,231,799.57. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Byron Myers sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $80.00, for a total value of $800,000.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 45,185 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,614,800. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 18,750 shares of company stock valued at $1,435,588. 5.18% of the stock is owned by company insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of INGN. Blair William & Co. IL increased its stake in Inogen by 1.9% in the first quarter. Blair William & Co. IL now owns 921,693 shares of the medical technology company’s stock valued at $63,462,000 after buying an additional 17,377 shares in the last quarter. Arizona State Retirement System increased its stake in Inogen by 2.4% in the first quarter. Arizona State Retirement System now owns 8,400 shares of the medical technology company’s stock valued at $652,000 after buying an additional 200 shares in the last quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in Inogen by 36.1% in the first quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,729 shares of the medical technology company’s stock valued at $134,000 after buying an additional 459 shares in the last quarter. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. increased its stake in Inogen by 85.2% in the first quarter. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. now owns 6,131 shares of the medical technology company’s stock valued at $476,000 after buying an additional 2,821 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. increased its stake in Inogen by 25.6% in the first quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 34,920 shares of the medical technology company’s stock valued at $2,708,000 after buying an additional 7,120 shares in the last quarter. Inogen Company Profile Inogen, Inc is a medical technology company. The Company develops, manufactures and markets portable oxygen concentrators used to deliver supplemental long-term oxygen therapy to patients suffering from chronic respiratory conditions. The Company’s Inogen One systems concentrate the air around the patient to offer a single source of supplemental oxygen anytime, anywhere with a portable device. Receive News & Ratings for Inogen Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Corporate Social Responsibility Related News Releases and Story Ideas for Reporters, Bloggers and Media Outlets Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Corporate Social Responsibility Editors May 11, 2017 07:08 AM Eastern Daylight Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Following are the latest Corporate Social Responsibility news releases and story ideas available from Business Wire. These recaps, curated by Business Wire, provide reporters and bloggers around the globe instant access to the latest news releases, providing relevant and trending content to share with their audiences. Discover more news via Business Wire’s Hot Topic recaps or create a custom news feed specific to your needs here. This service is provided at no charge to members of the media and financial communities. BOSTON -- State Street Achieves Its Environmental Goals Three Years Ahead of Schedule and Details Corporate Responsibility Practices in Annual Report Source: State Street Corporation MINNETONKA, Minn. -- Seniors are Benefiting from Improved Clinical Care, but Face Economic Barriers to Better Health Source: United Health Foundation OAK GROVE, Mo. -- Kansas City Chiefs’ Travis Kelce and UnitedHealthcare Donate $20,000 to Oak Grove School District Source: UnitedHealthcare DANBURY, Conn. -- Praxair Again Named to Forbes 2017 America’s Best Employers List Source: Praxair, Inc. WASHINGTON -- Washington Gas Fleet Facility in Rockville, Maryland is LEED® Gold by Design Source: Washington Gas BANFF, Alberta -- Travelers Institute Hosts Cybersecurity Education Event for Canadian Businesses Source: The Travelers Companies, Inc. DANBURY, Conn. -- Praxair Again Recognized for Diversity & Inclusion Performance by DiversityInc Source: Praxair, Inc. RADNOR, Pa. -- Lincoln Financial Group Employees Rise Against Hunger Source: Lincoln Financial Group PARSIPPANY, N.J. -- Zoetis Strengthens Its Commitment to Develop Sustainable Livestock Production in Sub-Saharan Africa Source: Zoetis Inc. IRVING, Texas -- ExxonMobil and Employees Contribute More Than $50 Million to U.S. Colleges and Universities Source: Exxon Mobil Corporation ALLENTOWN, Pa. -- Computer Aid, Inc. Embraces Role of Title Sponsor for the Pennsylvania Women’s Open Source: Computer Aid, Inc. (CAI) NEW YORK -- JPMorgan Chase Announces $6 Million to Prepare South Bronx Youth for High-Demand Jobs Source: JPMorgan Chase & Co. SALISBURY, N.C. -- Food Lion Hosts Second Annual "The Feedy's" Awards to Honor Local Food Banks and Associates Committed to Hunger Relief Source: Food Lion PHILADELPHIA -- UnitedHealthcare Donates Hasbro’s NERF ENERGY Game Kits to Southwark School Students to Encourage Greater Physical Activity Source: UnitedHealthcare Follow the CSR Circuit newsfeed on www.twitter.com/BWCSRNews. About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 29 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.com and Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire Corporate Social Responsibility. Contacts Business Wire Matt VanTassel, 212-752-9600 Release Summary Recap of CSR stories on Business Wire #Hashtags #CSR Social Media Profiles Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Contacts Business Wire Matt VanTassel, 212-752-9600 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Life Storage Inc Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.36 Per Share (LSI) Sanofi SA (SNY) Downgraded by Berenberg Bank Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND) Research Coverage Started at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mallinckrodt PLC’s Q2 2017 Earnings (MNK) Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) Downgraded by Bank of America Corp Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) Downgraded by Wunderlich Brokers Offer Predictions for Monroe Capital Corp’s Q2 2017 Earnings (MRCC) MRC Global Inc (MRC) Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for NutriSystem Inc. (NTRI) Issued By DA Davidson Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for InVitae Corp (NVTA) Lifted by Analyst Wolverine World Wide, Inc. (WWW) Announces Earnings Results Caesarstone Ltd (CSTE) Announces Earnings Results Dynagas LNG Partners (DLNG) Receiving Critical Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Dynatronics (DYNT) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.31 GasLog (GLOG) Getting Very Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Education Realty Trust (EDR) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Energy XXI Gulf Coast (EXXI) Stock Price Corinthian Colleges (COCO) Given Media Impact Score of 0.09 Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Buy Rating for Amber Road Inc (AMBR) Zions Bancorp (ZION) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 on May 25th Sanofi SA (SNY) Downgraded by Berenberg Bank May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) was downgraded by stock analysts at Berenberg Bank from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report issued on Thursday, The Fly reports. SNY has been the topic of a number of other reports. HSBC Holdings plc downgraded Sanofi SA from a “hold” rating to a “reduce” rating in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Zacks Investment Research raised Sanofi SA from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $46.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Monday, February 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “sell” rating on shares of Sanofi SA in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. Natixis raised Sanofi SA from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Barclays PLC started coverage on Sanofi SA in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. They set an “underweight” rating on the stock. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Sanofi SA presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $64.33. Shares of Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) opened at 48.0929 on Thursday. The company has a market capitalization of $121.46 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.2771 and a beta of 0.98. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $45.89 and a 200 day moving average price of $42.23. Sanofi SA has a one year low of $36.81 and a one year high of $49.73. Sanofi SA also was the target of unusually large options trading on Wednesday. Traders acquired 31,664 call options on the company. This is an increase of 1,030% compared to the typical daily volume of 2,801 call options. Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The company reported $0.76 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.73 by $0.03. Sanofi SA had a return on equity of 26.37% and a net margin of 13.66%. The business had revenue of $8.65 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.40 billion. Sanofi SA’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts predict that Sanofi SA will post $3.02 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed an annual dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, June 7th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 15th will be issued a dividend of $1.5771 per share. This is a positive change from Sanofi SA’s previous annual dividend of $1.10. This represents a yield of 3.65%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. Sanofi SA’s payout ratio is currently 54.90%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/sanofi-sa-sny-downgraded-by-berenberg-bank.html. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of SNY. Dodge & Cox bought a new stake in shares of Sanofi SA during the fourth quarter worth approximately $2,770,485,000. Senzar Asset Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Sanofi SA during the fourth quarter worth approximately $49,911,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of Sanofi SA by 30.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 3,973,784 shares of the company’s stock worth $151,760,000 after buying an additional 938,683 shares in the last quarter. Karp Capital Management Corp bought a new stake in shares of Sanofi SA during the first quarter worth approximately $26,174,000. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. raised its stake in shares of Sanofi SA by 1,298.6% in the first quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. now owns 565,750 shares of the company’s stock worth $25,596,000 after buying an additional 525,300 shares in the last quarter. 9.63% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Sanofi SA Sanofi is a healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. The Company’s segments are Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines), and Other. The Pharmaceuticals segment comprises the commercial operations of various franchises, including Speciality Care (Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis, and Oncology), Diabetes and Cardiovascular, Established Prescription Products, Consumer Healthcare and Generics, and research and development, production and marketing activities for all of the Company’s pharmaceuticals operations. Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BBA Aviation plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BBA Aviation plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 4imprint Group plc (FOUR) PT Raised to GBX 1,840 at Peel Hunt BBA Aviation plc (BBA) Cut to Neutral at Citigroup Inc Cello Group plc (CLL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Inter Pipeline Ltd (IPL) Issued By Cormark Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SNDX) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Sun Life Financial Inc (SLF) Decreased by Analyst Boenning Scattergood Weighs in on Seritage Growth Properties’ Q2 2017 Earnings (SRG) Raging River Exploration Inc to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.07 Per Share, Beacon Securities Forecasts (RRX) Trustmark Corp (TRMK) Shares Sold by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Dillard's, Inc. (DDS) Position Increased by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC SFE Investment Counsel Takes Position in CVS Health Corp (CVS) 3M Co (MMM) Shares Bought by Evanson Asset Management LLC Cim LLC Sells 115 Shares of Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Raises Stake in Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Regent Investment Management LLC Has $217,000 Stake in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Lowers Position in McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Kroger Co (KR) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Eni SpA (E) to “Buy” Gear4music Holdings PLC (G4M) Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital Traders Purchase High Volume of Put Options on International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) BBA Aviation plc (BBA) Cut to Neutral at Citigroup Inc May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Citigroup Inc lowered shares of BBA Aviation plc (LON:BBA) to a neutral rating in a report issued on Monday morning. They currently have GBX 330 ($4.27) target price on the stock. A number of other equities analysts have also weighed in on BBA. Liberum Capital reiterated a sell rating and issued a GBX 205 ($2.65) price target on shares of BBA Aviation plc in a report on Monday, January 30th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their price target on shares of BBA Aviation plc from GBX 300 ($3.88) to GBX 347 ($4.49) and gave the company an overweight rating in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Barclays PLC reiterated an overweight rating and issued a GBX 340 ($4.40) price target on shares of BBA Aviation plc in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price target on shares of BBA Aviation plc from GBX 295 ($3.82) to GBX 340 ($4.40) and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 303 ($3.92). Shares of BBA Aviation plc (LON:BBA) opened at 304.50 on Monday. BBA Aviation plc has a 52-week low of GBX 186.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 317.10. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 307.56 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 286.50. The stock’s market cap is GBX 3.13 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “BBA Aviation plc (BBA) Cut to Neutral at Citigroup Inc” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/bba-aviation-plc-bba-cut-to-neutral-at-citigroup-inc.html. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a €0.09 ($0.10) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 2.42%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. In other news, insider Simon Pryce sold 650,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 310 ($4.01), for a total value of £2,015,000 ($2,606,052.77). About BBA Aviation plc BBA Aviation plc is a provider of global aviation support and aftermarket services primarily focused on servicing the Business and General Aviation (B&GA) market. The Company operates through two divisions: Flight Support and Aftermarket Services. The Flight Support businesses include Signature Flight Support, which is a fixed base operation (FBO) network for B&GA covering destinations in North America, Europe, Caribbean, Africa and Asia. Receive News & Ratings for BBA Aviation plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BBA Aviation plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 11 May 2017 | MYT 3:00 PM Snap shares plummet as investors mark down first earnings report Snap's stock performance echoed slides in Facebook and Twitter after they posted debut scorecards following their IPOs. — Reuters Snap Inc shares plunged after the owner of Snapchat reported slowing user growth and revenue in its first earnings report as a public company, missing some Wall Street estimates as it competes with copycat messaging apps. Shares tumbled 23% in after-hours trading to wipe some US$6bil (RM26.1bil) from Snap's market value, a reversal for the company after a red-hot March initial public offering that was the biggest for a US tech company since Facebook Inc's 2012 debut. The stock fell to US$17.66 (RM76.83) , just above its IPO price of US$17 (RM73.96). Some investors were hoping Snap would surprise them with big numbers in its first quarterly report, BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield said. "The fact that they failed to live up to expectations, let alone exceed them, disappointed people," he said. The performance echoed slides in Facebook and Twitter after they posted debut scorecards following their IPOs. Twitter shares cratered 24% the next day, while Facebook's tumbled 11%, still the biggest-ever one-day losses for both. Snap chief executive Evan Spiegel sought to reassure investors during an earnings call, fielding a dozen questions that ranged from strategy to how it would deal with competitors. He also did not shy away from one query that allowed him to take a feisty jab at Facebook. "If you want to be a creative company, you've got to get comfortable with and enjoy the fact that people are going to copy your product if you make great stuff," he said. Making a comparison to the search industry, Spiegel added: "Just because Yahoo has a search box doesn't mean they're Google." Snap said its daily active users (DAUs) rose 36.1% to  US166mil (RM722.18mil) in the first quarter from a year earlier, marking a slowdown from the 47.7% rise for the fourth quarter and 62.8% jump for the third quarter that the company reported in its IPO filing. The slowing rate of growth was in line with an estimate from JPMorgan, which accurately expected 166 million DAUs for the first quarter. Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co Inc had pegged them even higher at 173 million. Snap's March IPO priced above the company's target range as investors put aside concerns about a lack of profits and voting rights to get a piece of the action. The IPO raised US$3.4bil (RM14.8bil) and gave the company a market valuation of roughly US$24bil (RM104.4bil), and shares surged 44% in their first day of trading. Facebook, which made a US$3bil (RM13.05bil) bid for Snapchat in 2013, has upped the ante by offering camera-related features similar to Snap on its platforms, including Instagram and WhatsApp. The company said in April that Instagram Stories alone had reached 200 million daily active users. Snapchat's growth was faster than Facebook, however, which said its overall daily user base grew 18% year-over-year in the first quarter, as well as Twitter, which reported growth of 14% in DAUs from a year earlier. Revenue disappointment Like many other Silicon Valley businesses, Snap is closely tied to its young founders. Spiegel, who received a stock-based bonus worth nearly US$600mil (RM2.6bil) for taking the company public, is 26, and co-founder and chief technology officer Bobby Murphy is 28. The company, though, has brought on others with more experience, including Chairman Michael Lynton, former chief executive of Sony Corp's movie and music businesses. A lot is riding on Spiegel to build products that delight people, said analyst Greenfield. "The future of Snapchat is on Evan Spiegel and his team to out-innovate everyone else. Time will tell whether that's possible," he added. Snap's revenue jumped nearly four-fold year-over-year to US$149.6mil (RM650.8mil) but fell short of the average analyst forecast of US$158mil (RM687.3mil), according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue was also down from the fourth quarter of 2016, a seasonally stronger period for ad sales, when it was US$166mil (RM722.1mil). Revenue was "a relatively disappointing number," Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser said. "To their credit," he added, "they did guide towards a number that would be lower, which it was." Average revenue per user was US$0.90 in the first quarter, Snap said, up from US$0.33 the same quarter a year earlier but below the US$1.05 per user in the fourth quarter of 2016. Snap's net loss widened to US$2.21bil (RM9.61bil), or US$2.31 per share, in the first quarter, from US$104.6mil (RM455mil), or US$0.14 per share, due to stock-based compensation related to the IPO. Although the figure of US$2bil (RM8.7bil) in total stock-based compensation was known ahead of time, investors were surprised to see all of it show up in a single quarter rather than spread out over time, said Eric Kim, managing partner at Goodwater Capital. "It is an eye-popping number for sure," he said. Snapchat launched in 2012 as a mobile app that allows users to send photos, known as snaps, that vanish within seconds. The company rebranded as Snap Inc last year, and moved into the hardware space with Spectacles, its colorful sunglasses that record short videos to post on Snapchat. Users created more than three billion snaps daily on average during the first quarter, up from more than 2.5 billion during the third quarter of 2016, the company said. Snap receives some revenue from branded or sponsored filters and lenses, but depends on advertising dollars for the bulk of its overall revenue. Digital marketing firm eMarketer in March had trimmed its 2017 US advertising revenue forecast for Snap by US$30mil (RM130.5mil)  to US$770mil (RM3.3bil), citing higher-than-expected revenue sharing with the company's partners. The total US digital advertising market is meanwhile expected to reach US$83bil (RM361bil), according to eMarketer, up nearly 16% from last year. — Reuters Related Stories You May Be Interested Disneyland leads new list of most Instagrammed travel destinations Snap CEO dismisses growth shortfall, scoffs at Facebook instead Amazon leads surging connected speakers market: survey US intelligence chiefs say reviewing use of Kaspersky software Tesla to gather and share drivers' video data Seven reasons to get an iPhone now Others Also Read Beverage firm serves huge helping of healthy fun Police to probe gang robberies in Selangor Swiss league ponders changes as Basel dominance endures advertisement Latest News US judge calls for criminal probe into trade secrets theft raised in Uber case Dodging illicit cash, Pakistan startups hunt for angel funds Commentator who amplified Macron hacks given White House press access US intelligence chiefs say reviewing use of Kaspersky software Trump signs order aimed at upgrading government cyber defences Most Viewed in Tech US intelligence chiefs say reviewing use of Kaspersky software Pay for Lazada purchases at 7-Eleven Nissan is offering a free drone with its latest car Why you might see fewer stories about new iPhone apps, or new apps Robo-taxi rise won’t slow global auto demand, Renault says Commentator who amplified Macron hacks given White House press access US judge calls for criminal probe into trade secrets theft raised in Uber case Dodging illicit cash, Pakistan startups hunt for angel funds Trump signs order aimed at upgrading government cyber defences German cyber agency chides Yahoo for not helping hacking probe Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lancashire Holdings Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms Hold Rating for Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Universal Electronics Inc (UEIC) Downgraded by Lake Street Capital Traders Purchase Large Volume of Syngenta AG Put Options (SYT) Summit Materials Inc (SUM) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Tribune Media Co (TRCO) Stock Rating Lowered by Gabelli TheStreet Downgrades Seattle Genetics, Inc. (SGEN) to Sell PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) is Bridges Investment Counsel Inc.’s 8th Largest Position Chevron Co. (CVX) Shares Bought by F&V Capital Management LLC Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Shares Sold by Park National Corp OH Macquarie Group Ltd. Decreases Stake in Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Macquarie Group Ltd. Boosts Stake in Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) NetGear, Inc. (NTGR) Shares Sold by Teachers Advisors LLC Macquarie Group Ltd. Cuts Stake in W W Grainger Inc (GWW) Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc (AHP) Shares Bought by Macquarie Group Ltd. Macquarie Group Ltd. Maintains Stake in Manulife Financial Co. (MFC) Invivo Therapeutics Holdings Corp’s (NVIV) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Ensign Energy Services Inc (ESI) Price Target Cut to C$10.50 BMO Capital Markets Increases Ensign Energy Services Inc (ESI) Price Target to C$10.00 Finning International Inc. (FTT) Lifted to Outperform Overweight at National Bank Financial Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms Hold Rating for Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Canaccord Genuity reissued their hold rating on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited (LON:LRE) in a research report sent to investors on Friday. They currently have a GBX 630 ($8.15) target price on the stock. Several other research firms also recently issued reports on LRE. Macquarie upped their price objective on Lancashire Holdings Limited from GBX 489 ($6.32) to GBX 530 ($6.85) and gave the stock an underperform rating in a report on Monday, February 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an underweight rating and set a GBX 595 ($7.70) price objective on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Numis Securities Ltd downgraded Lancashire Holdings Limited to a hold rating and upped their price objective for the stock from GBX 720 ($9.31) to GBX 735 ($9.51) in a report on Monday, January 9th. Peel Hunt reaffirmed a hold rating and set a GBX 630 ($8.15) price objective on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, Shore Capital reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 665.18 ($8.60). Shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited (LON:LRE) opened at 674.50 on Friday. Lancashire Holdings Limited has a 52 week low of GBX 467.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 775.00. The company’s market cap is GBX 1.34 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 679.76 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 685.74. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms Hold Rating for Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/canaccord-genuity-reaffirms-hold-rating-for-lancashire-holdings-limited-lre.html. In other Lancashire Holdings Limited news, insider Michael George Dawson bought 7,200 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was bought at an average price of GBX 693 ($8.96) per share, for a total transaction of £49,896 ($64,531.82). Also, insider Elaine Whelan sold 4,723 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 690 ($8.92), for a total transaction of £32,588.70 ($42,147.83). About Lancashire Holdings Limited Lancashire Holdings Limited is a holding company. The Company’s principal activity, through its subsidiaries, is the provision of global specialty insurance and reinsurance products. The Company operates through five segments: Property, Energy, Marine, Aviation and Lloyd’s. It underwrites worldwide, insurance and reinsurance contracts that transfer insurance risk, including risks exposed to both natural and man-made catastrophes. Receive News & Ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Snapchat shares plummet 23% as company loses $2.2bn in first quarter Anya George Tharakan, David Ingram Thursday 11 May 2017 09:07 BST Click to follow Snap Inc shares plunged on Wednesday after the owner of Snapchat reported slowing user growth and revenue in its first earnings report as a public company, missing some Wall Street estimates as it competes with copycat messaging apps. Shares tumbled 23 per cent in after-hours trading to wipe some $6bn (£4.6bn) from Snap's market value, a reversal for the company after a red-hot March initial public offering that was the biggest for a US tech company since Facebook's 2012 debut. The stock fell to $17.66, just above its IPO price of $17. Read more Snapchat IPO makes Californian high school millions Some investors were hoping Snap would surprise them with big numbers in its first quarterly report, BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield said. “The fact that they failed to live up to expectations, let alone exceed them, disappointed people,” he said. The performance echoed slides in Facebook and Twitter after they posted debut scorecards following their IPOs. Twitter shares cratered 24 percent the next day, while Facebook's tumbled 11 per cent, still the biggest-ever one-day losses for both. Snap Chief Executive Evan Spiegel sought to reassure investors during an earnings call, fielding a dozen questions that ranged from strategy to how it would deal with competitors. He also did not shy away from one query that allowed him to take a feisty jab at Facebook. “If you want to be a creative company, you've got to get comfortable with and enjoy the fact that people are going to copy your product if you make great stuff,” he said. Read more 5 big brands that are using Snapchat amazingly well Why Uber and Snapchat can tell us so much about the world economy Snapchat IPO makes Californian high school millions Shares in the owner of Snapchat surge 44% on stock market debut Making a comparison to the search industry, Mr Spiegel added: “Just because Yahoo has a search box doesn't mean they're Google.” Snap said its daily active users (DAUs) rose 36.1 per cent to 166 million in the first quarter from a year earlier, marking a slowdown from the 47.7 per cent rise for the fourth quarter and 62.8 per cent jump for the third quarter that the company reported in its IPO filing. The slowing rate of growth was in line with an estimate from JPMorgan, which accurately expected 166 million DAUs for the first quarter. Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co Inc had pegged them even higher at 173 million. Snap's March IPO priced above the company's target range as investors put aside concerns about a lack of profits and voting rights to get a piece of the action. The IPO raised $3.4 billion and gave the company a market valuation of roughly $24bn, and shares surged 44 per cent in their first day of trading. Facebook, which made a $3bn bid for Snapchat in 2013, has upped the ante by offering camera-related features similar to Snap on its platforms, including Instagram and WhatsApp. The company said in April that Instagram Stories alone had reached 200 million daily active users. Snapchat's growth was faster than Facebook, however, which said its overall daily user base grew 18 percent year-over-year in the first quarter, as well as Twitter, which reported growth of 14 percent in DAUs from a year earlier. Business picture of the day 27 show all Business picture of the day 1/27 Unilever develops technology to prevent billions of plastic sachets from entering into oceans - Thuesday 11 May Unilever, the consumer goods giant behind brands such as Dove, Ben & Jerry’s and Marmite, is making a big push toward more sustainable packaging. The company sells billions of products in single-use sachets each year, including cosmetics and food products, particularly in developing and emerging markets. It says that it has now developed new technology to recycle them, which will prevent packaging from ending up in our oceans or in landfill. Through a system called CreaSolv Process, the plastic from the sachets will be recovered and then used to create new ones for Unilever products – creating a full circular economy approach. Unilever 2/27 Euro hits a six-month high after Emmanuel Macron’s French presidential victory - Monday 8 May The euro hit a six-month high against the dollar on Monday and US stock futures briefly touched a record high after Emmanuel Macron won the French presidential election, easily beating anti-EU rival Marine le Pen. Reuters 3/27 Princess Charlotte's John Lewis cardigan from birthday photo sells out - Tuesday 2 May A knitted yellow John Lewis cardigan adorned with pictures of sheep has sold out after Princess Charlotte was photographed wearing the item, prompting a surge in demand from British parents wanting to dress their offspring like the young royal. John Lewis confirmed that the clothing item sold out online shortly after the photograph was published, although a coordinating prink dress, selling for £10 on the John Lewis’ website, was still available on Tuesday morning. HRH The Duchess of Cambridge via Getty Images 4/27 Dubai becomes first city in world with own Microsoft font - Monday 1 May Dubai has become the first city in the world to get its own front, the government announced on Sunday. The type face, simply called “Dubai Font”, comes in both Arabic and Latin script and will be available in 23 languages. It was created in partnership with Microsoft and is now available to Microsoft Office 365 users around the world. Getty 5/27 Donald Trump administration loses trade battle over tuna as WTO lets Mexico hit US with sanctions - Wednesday April 26 The US has just lost a major trade battle with Mexico and it revolved around tuna. On Tuesday, the World Trade Organisation ruled that Mexico is allowed to impose $163m (£127m) a year in sanctions against the US on trade in tuna, ending a years-long dispute. The clash, which dates back to 2008, centred on the US insisting that any Mexican tuna sold in the US must have a ‘dolphin safe’ guarantee, meaning that no dolphins were killed by fishermen catching the tuna. Reuters 6/27 Luxury brand LVMH to snap up Christian Dior for £10bn - Tuesday 25 April French billionaire Bernard Arnault moved to consolidate control over Christian Dior for about €12.1bn (£10.3bn), folding the fashion house’s operations into the LVMH luxury empire in one of his biggest transactions. Rex 7/27 Euro and shares rally after Emmanuel Macron wins first voting round of French election - Monday 24 April The euro briefly surged to a five-month high against a basket of currencies late Sunday after centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron won the first round of a hotly contested French election vote, an outcome broadly considered the most market-friendly. Immediately after the vote, the euro surged to $1.0940, its highest level against the dollar since November last year, before retreating to around $1.0869. Reuters 8/27 Barbie out of fashion as Mattel slumps - Friday 21 April Mattel shares took a hit after the world’s largest toy company reported a much worse than expected sales slump dragged down by poor demand for key brands such as Barbie and Fisher-Price. Shares in the company dropped 6 per cent to $23.70 (£18.50) in after-hours trading in New York on Thursday after the toymaker reported a loss of $133.2m or 33 cents per share for the three months to 31 March. Barbie sales, which begun to recover last year after the toymaker introduced new dolls with different body types and skin colours, slipped again with gross sales down 13 per cent compared to a year ago - their second consecutive quarter of decline. AFP/Getty 9/27 Government to sell Green Investment Bank to Macquarie in £2.3bn deal - Thursday 20 April The British Government said on Thursday it would sell Green Investment Bank to a consortium led by Macquarie Bank in a deal worth £2.3bn. The British Government set up GIB, which backs green projects with public funds, in 2012 as a commercial venture to spur private investment in green projects. It has invested more than £2bn in projects such as offshore wind farms and waste management. The Government decided to sell a majority stake in 2015, saying it would give the bank more freedom to borrow, remove state aid restrictions and allow it to attract more capital. AFP/ Getty Images 10/27 Snap election threatens Government plan to finally lower energy bills - Wednesday 19 April Energy customers face further delays from government in dealing with with soaring bills, MPs heard on Wednesday. Business secretary Greg Clark accused companies of “flagrant mistreatment” and “milking” their customers in a “broken” market, but insisted the snap general election announced by Theresa May on Tuesday meant he would “have to reflect on the timing” to lay out his long-awaited plans for a crackdown. Getty/iStockphoto 11/27 Pound sterling surges as Theresa May calls for 8 June general election - Tuesday 18 April The pound surged against the dollar on Tuesday to its highest level since last December after Prime Minister Theresa May said she wanted a general election on 8 June. When Ms May announced she wanted a new national poll, at around 11.05am, the pound instantly jumped, climbing to $1.2765 by the end of trading, up 1.62 per cent on the day and the highest since 13 December. It was also sterling's biggest one day jump since March 2016. 12/27 China's first quarter growth beats expectations - Monday 17 April This aerial photo taken on April 12, 2017 shows farmers working in the fields in Yangzhou, in eastern China's Jiangsu province. ina's growth stabilised in the first quarter thanks to rising investments and a recovery in exports. cording to an AFP survey of 16 economic analysts, the gross domestic product expanded 6.8 percent in the first three months of this year Getty Images 13/27 Rome’s Trevi Fountain generates €1.4m for city’s charities in 2016 - Thursday April 13 Rome’s Trevi Fountain was a veritable cash cow for the Eternal city’s charities in 2016, according to new data. The charity Caritas said this week that tourists tossed €1.4m (£1.2m) into the baroque fountain last year, helping to subsidise a supermarket for Rome’s needy Andreas Solaro/AFP/Getty Images 14/27 Pret and Paul offer discount to customers who bring their own coffee cup - Monday April 10 French bakery group Paul and sandwich chain Pret a Manger will begin offering discounts to customers bringing in their own reusable cups, yielding to pressure from environmental groups concerned about the mountains of cardboard waste generated in the UK each year. 15/27 Doritos, Coco Pops, Peperami among latest products to be hit by shrinkflation - Thursday April 6 Bags of Doritos, packets Peperami and boxes Coco Pops have become the latest treats to shrink in size as retailers passed on surging costs from the Brexit-hit pound and rising commodity prices. 16/27 Cuban family making their own wine brand using condoms - Wednesday April 5 family wine business in Cuba is thriving thanks in part to an unconventional item being added into the fermentation process – condoms. As a result of the US trade embargo and other inefficiencies of Cuba's economy, thousands of basic household items are inaccessible to Cubans meaning that sometimes a little creativity is required to get the job done. At El Canal, a winery in Havana, Orestes Estevez and his family fill glass jugs with grapes, ginger and hibiscus, before securing a condom over each glass jug Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. AP 17/27 'Pink Star' diamond sells for world record £57m in Hong Kong auction - Tuesday April 4 A rare pink diamond dubbed the “Pink Star” has become the world's most expensive gemstone to sell at auction, coming under the hammer in Hong Kong on Tuesday for $71.2m (£57.3m). The oval-cut 59.6 carat jewel, discovered in a mine in Africa by De Beers in 1999, is the largest fancy vivid pink diamond, categorised as “flawless” or “internally flawless”, that the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) has ever graded. It sold after a five-minute bidding war, that started at $56m, to Hong Kong jewellery retailer Chow Tai Fook at Sotheby's. AP 18/27 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 19/27 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 20/27 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 21/27 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 22/27 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 23/27 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 24/27 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 25/27 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 26/27 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 27/27 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty Like many other Silicon Valley businesses, Snap is closely tied to its young founders. Mr Spiegel, who received a stock-based bonus worth nearly $600m for taking the company public, is 26, and co-founder and chief technology officer Bobby Murphy is 28. The company, though, has brought on others with more experience, including Chairman Michael Lynton, former chief executive of Sony Corp's movie and music businesses. A lot is riding on Mr Spiegel to build products that delight people, said analyst Greenfield. “The future of Snapchat is on Evan Spiegel and his team to out-innovate everyone else. Time will tell whether that's possible,” he added. Snap's revenue jumped nearly four-fold year-over-year to $149.6m but fell short of the average analyst forecast of $158m, according to Thomson Reuters. Revenue was also down from the fourth quarter of 2016, a seasonally stronger period for ad sales, when it was $166 million. Revenue was “a relatively disappointing number,” Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser said. “To their credit,” he added, “they did guide towards a number that would be lower, which it was.” Average revenue per user was 90 cents in the first quarter, Snap said, up from 33 cents the same quarter a year earlier but below the $1.05 per user in the fourth quarter of 2016. Snap's net loss widened to $2.21bn, or $2.31 per share, in the first quarter, from $104.6 million, or 14 cents per share, due to stock-based compensation related to the IPO. Although the figure of $2bn in total stock-based compensation was known ahead of time, investors were surprised to see all of it show up in a single quarter rather than spread out over time, said Eric Kim, managing partner at Goodwater Capital. “It is an eye-popping number for sure,” he said. Reuters More about: snapchat Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aldermore Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aldermore Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers SSP Group PLC (SSPG) Price Target to GBX 395 Macquarie Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Anglo Pacific Group plc (APF) Aldermore Group PLC’s (ALD) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Liberum Capital Reiterates “Sell” Rating for SIG plc (SHI) ExOne Co (XONE) Short Interest Update Summit Therapeutics PLC (SMMT) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest Concordia International Corp (CXRX) Trading Down 30.3% After Earnings Miss Vulcan Materials Company (VMC) Shares Gap Up on Better-Than-Expected Earnings Analysts Offer Predictions for City Office REIT Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (CIO) RWE AG (RWE) PT Set at €16.50 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Rating Increased to Buy at Citigroup Inc Liberum Capital Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Styles and Wood Group Plc’s (STY) “house stock” Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates €33.20 Price Target for Metro Ag (MEO3) Innogy SE (IGY) PT Set at €37.00 by Deutsche Bank AG adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €200.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Ellington Financial LLC Issued By FBR & Co (EFC) Mimecast Ltd (MIME) Shares Up 5.1% on Analyst Upgrade Solaredge Technologies Inc (SEDG) Trading 11% Higher on Earnings Beat Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for DiamondRock Hospitality Company Cut by Analyst (DRH) Aldermore Group PLC’s (ALD) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Aldermore Group PLC (LON:ALD)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by investment analysts at Shore Capital in a report released on Thursday. A number of other analysts have also commented on ALD. Liberum Capital reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 245 ($3.17) price objective on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 250 ($3.23) price objective on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 210 ($2.72) price objective on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 290 ($3.75) price objective (up from GBX 270 ($3.49)) on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd lowered Aldermore Group PLC to an “add” rating and set a GBX 263 ($3.40) price objective for the company. in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company. Aldermore Group PLC presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of GBX 255.42 ($3.30). Shares of Aldermore Group PLC (LON:ALD) opened at 258.30 on Thursday. Aldermore Group PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 102.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 260.31. The firm’s market cap is GBX 890.46 million. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 235.54 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 221.83. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/aldermore-group-plcs-ald-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-shore-capital.html. About Aldermore Group PLC Receive News & Ratings for Aldermore Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aldermore Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Jobs Cars Homes Directory Place your Ad Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Scotsman Search More Close ] Companies Retail Energy Farming Financial Law Media & Leisure Tech Regions Inverness, Highlands & Islands Aberdeen & North East Dundee & Tayside Glasgow & Strathclyde Edinburgh, Fife & Lothians Dumfries & Borders News Politics Transport Education Environment Health UK World Odd Celebrity Friends of The Scotsman Obituaries Sport Football Rugby Union Tennis Golf Cricket Athletics Boxing Horse Racing Cycling Motorsport Snooker Hockey Business Companies Markets and Economy Management Lifestyle Gadgets & Gaming Culture Travel Health & Wellbeing Family Personal Finance Homes & Gardens Outdoors Cars Heritage People & Places Historic Events More Heritage 200 Voices We Know Scotland Future Scotland Tech Innovators Big Ideas Giving Back Charities Business in Action Heroes Pret A Manger chews over options for £1bn US float Pret's private equity owner is considering a possible flotation in the US. Picture: Pret A Manger/PA Wire Ravender Sembhy 08:32 Thursday 11 May 2017 Share this article 0 Have your say Pret A Manger is gearing up for a potential US stock market listing in a move that would value the sandwich chain at more than £1 billion. Bridgepoint, the company’s private equity owner, has engaged advisers JP Morgan Chase and Jefferies as it considers its options, one of which is a New York initial public offering (IPO). • READ MORE: Pret A Manger hunts for British staff to plug Brexit gap Other advisers working on the process, which was first reported by Bloomberg, include Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse, Barclays and Piper Jaffray. It is thought that Bridgepoint, which bought Pret for €500 million (£420m) in 2008, would sell off only a portion of the company. It is understood that the US is being favoured over Britain because it is a key future growth market for Pret, and listing in the country would raise the chain’s profile. Own an innovative start-up? Find out how to win £5,000 for your business Pret said last month that its US sales broke the $200m mark for the first time last year. A spokesman for Bridgepoint said: “As a committed shareholder in Pret we are always exploring appropriate opportunities to ensure the future growth of the company. If such opportunities materialise, we will update the market.” 200 Voices: find out more about the people who have shaped Scotland Overall, the group posted a record set of results in 2016, with worldwide sales rising 15 per cent to £776.2m, while operating profit grew 11 per cent to £93.2m. Like-for-like sales rose 4.8 per cent. Pret opened 50 new shops during 2016, including 31 in the UK, taking its total to 444, with the 500th set to open over the next 12 months. Click here to ‘Like’ The Scotsman Business on Facebook Back to the top of the page Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with The Scotsman means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to The Scotsman You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to The Scotsman Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Follow Us On Explore News Sport Business Lifestyle Food and Drink 200 Voices Heritage We Know Scotland Future Scotland More from The Scotsman Announcements Buy a Photo Directory Digital Archive Jobs Homes Cars Calendars Conferences Dating Local Guide Public Notices Supplements Useful Links Contact Us Advertise My Business Advertise a Job Advertising Place your Ad Subscribe Edinburgh Evening News © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Construction begins on €500m Limerick Twenty Thirty development Dave, technology and the power of people Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Irish forestry boom sees funding and partnerships emerge Ireland an ‘enthusiastic’ EU state, but Brexit puts pressure on financial sector Google snaps up VR developer behind popular Rick and Morty game Aw Snap: 11 things you need to understand about Snap Inc’s first public quarter Dublin Aerospace to create Irish jobs after pulling out of €40m UK move Apple’s latest acquisition will allow it to gather data on you while you sleep Apple has become the world’s first $800bn company Pandora raises $150m, with selling up still an option German central bank warns people not to buy bitcoin as price skyrockets Russian tech in difficult spotlight thanks to Trump’s dismissal of Comey Open source database MariaDB secures €25m EIB funding Ticketmaster is betting its future on open APIs, says product chief The five-minute CIO: Eileen Burns, Accenture Digital disruption is a real and present danger and opportunity Dundalk innovation hub lands two-year 1GB broadband freebie ‘Culture is key to a high-performance sales organisation’ Servers melt as John Oliver once again challenges FCC over net neutrality SpaceX to send fleet of high-speed internet satellites into orbit by 2019 Enet pens deal with Siro to offer gigabit fibre network to customers Tralee innovation hub first in queue for free broadband deal Irish SME funding post-crash breaks through the €3bn mark Sick of typos? Grammarly’s $110m funding could fix that Ireland creates €100,000 fund to mentor returning emigrant entrepreneurs Rising Sea levels: Singapore firm in $550m funding round Start-up of the week: MyLocalPitch Funding successes for friends of Inspirefest, Sugru and Astia Angels ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One Ghostbusters and baby dragons inspire new dinosaur names Building a global electricity grid, one transatlantic cable at a time Human trials for new kidney disease treatment to begin The Arctic Ocean is a methane sink, but Alaska is now a CO2 red zone 4.4bn years ago, the Earth was a barren, flooded world EPA makes €8.2m available to researchers to solve major climate issues Report claims self-driving cars will totally collapse US car industry by 2030 Ulster University team finishes third in challenge to build a real ‘tricorder’ Opportunity for Ireland to be EU R&D hub for AR and VR Global IoT round-up: Intel reveals its new self-driving car lab ESA has bright idea to 3D print bricks from moon dust using the sun The need for speed: Adidas and Siemens to build future digital factories How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS 15,000 people expected to descend on CoderDojo’s Coolest Projects 2017 Ireland has more women in ICT than the EU average Siemens and Engineers Ireland forge life sciences training pact From pharma to Facebook: Job opportunities on the rise Students want cyber safety added to school curriculum Want to get maximum return from the mobile revolution? What exactly is a UX designer and how can I be one? How to win connections and network with people Who says you need to be a leader to gain leadership skills? What can you do with a career in data science? 10 exciting start-ups changing how people get hired What can I do with a biomedical engineering degree? How to succeed in a tech career: ‘Set your goals high and be persistent’ ‘I knew voice tech was getting big, but no one was looking at kids’ stuff’ Homecoming: A story of acquisitions, adventure and career growth Want to work in digital marketing? Start with your own website A flexible workforce is essential in the fintech industry ‘It’s great to do something at work that can have a real impact’ 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Professional job vacancies surge amid Brexit and GDPR worries Pearson to create 300 new jobs at finance and IT hub in Belfast Millennial training company EngageSmith plans to hire 20 in Dublin German software giant SAP to create 150 jobs in Dublin and Galway CAE Parc Aviation to create 80 jobs across Shannon and Dublin Belfast blockchain boom sees Rakuten create new jobs ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Google Maps might be able to solve a decades-old border dispute in Asia Wikipedia founder introduces site to tackle fake news Can Google’s AutoDraw recognise your doodles? Facebook to hold its first ever Communities Summit in Chicago Twitter Lite is the new 1MB web service for the developing world Humans on the frontline as Facebook attempts to tackle revenge porn Proposed ban on ‘unrestricted’ smartphones for kids discussed Amazon plans to reveal revamped Echo to keep ahead of its rivals Microsoft Windows 10 S will get release on new Surface Laptop What is it actually like to deal with a mobile-only bank? Some Eir and Meteor customers getting free sports TV app Maslow’s hierarchy of needs receives a mobile overhaul Another nail in TV’s coffin: YouTube to produce 7 original series this year YouTube reveals new Material Design desktop site E-sports champions will now get medals at 2022 Asian Games Well, well, well, YouTube finally gets serious about live TV Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Could The Matrix be making a comeback to our screens? ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ is today’s glorious Google Doodle 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas ALL Aon: Where success is built on collaboration and innovation What are the biggest cybersecurity trends right now? ‘We live and die by our client relationships’ Does your hiring pipeline encourage diversity? Dropbox: Seeking those who can embrace ‘We, not I’ Talking design thinking with Lesley Tully, Bank of Ireland ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Dublin Aerospace to create Irish jobs after pulling out of €40m UK move by Colm Gorey 40 minutes ago Image: Bychykhin Olexandr/Shutterstock The Irish aviation industry looks set to take off in the wake of Brexit as Dublin Aerospace reveals new Irish jobs after pulling out of €40m UK investment. The effects of Brexit on Irish business are coming thick and fast, most notably in major financial institutions. For example, JPMorgan Chase recently announced plans to relocate hundreds of staff here – as well as to other EU states – to stay within the single market. Now the aerospace industry can be added to the pot as Dublin Aerospace intends to create 25 jobs by the end of October, on top of the 25 it has just offered positions to. According to the Irish Independent, the company’s founder, Conor McCarthy, said that this will bring its total number of staff to 290 in its Dublin office. Brexit concerns However, McCarthy admitted that the company was on the cusp of giving the green light for a €40m investment and job creation in the UK before the results of the Brexit referendum were announced. “Brexit has caused us to take stock,” McCarthy said. “One of our concerns if we were going to set up a facility in the UK would be … with our reliance on contract workers; would we be restricted in terms of their ability to come in and out of the UK to work? “Our workforce swells in the winter and a lot of those are contract engineers and mechanics, for instance. We have marked seasonality, and we need that ability to be able to control our workforce. If you don’t have flexible labour in our business, you’re dead.” The now cancelled UK deal would have seen Dublin Aerospace invest an initial sum of between €12m and €15m into the economy, including support from the British government. Future of aerospace However, McCarthy did not rule out a future UK investment, saying that its market is still of major importance, particularly following the closure of one of its biggest rivals, ATC Lasham, in 2015. This marks another boost for the Irish aerospace sector, following the news earlier this week that CAE Parc Aviation – with offices in Dublin and Shannon – was to create 80 jobs in Ireland. The sector is estimated to be worth up to €4bn to the Irish economy and employs 40,000 people. Related: UK, aviation, Dublin, Brexit, jobs 66 DAYS 4 HOURS 26 MINUTES Get your early bird tickets now! Colm Gorey is a journalist with Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Reports claim JPMorgan Chase is considering Dublin office for 1,000 staff 31 Mar 201712 Shares Hiring Now Life-changing career opportunities for you 2016 Graduate Employer of the Year Helping the world be well. Work for what matters. Fidelity International: A truly unique proposition Excellence in research for innovation and analytics Jobs Cambridge’s search for new Lego Professor of Play ending soon 17 Jan 201725 Shares Companies Is Facebook plotting a 1,000-job expansion in Dublin’s northside? 22 Feb 2017119 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Jobs AI firm InsideSales to open 120-strong Irish office on back of $50m funding 18 Jan 2017315 Shares Companies Apple users are Brexit’s latest victims amid App Store price hike 18 Jan 20175 Shares Jobs Fidelity International seeking passionate and innovative employees 19 Jan 2017753 Shares Latest News Google snaps up VR developer behind popular Rick and Morty game 35 seconds ago Aw Snap: 11 things you need to understand about Snap Inc’s first public quarter 28 minutes ago Dublin Aerospace to create Irish jobs after pulling out of €40m UK move 40 minutes ago What exactly is a UX designer and how can I be one? 16 hours ago German central bank warns people not to buy bitcoin as price skyrockets 16 hours ago Dundalk innovation hub lands two-year 1GB broadband freebie 17 hours ago Report claims self-driving cars will totally collapse US car industry by 2030 18 hours ago Apple’s latest acquisition will allow it to gather data on you while you sleep 20 hours ago Irish SME funding post-crash breaks through the €3bn mark 21 hours ago Ghostbusters and baby dragons inspire new dinosaur names 21 hours ago Proposed ban on ‘unrestricted’ smartphones for kids discussed 22 hours ago 15,000 people expected to descend on CoderDojo’s Coolest Projects 2017 23 hours ago How to win connections and network with people 23 hours ago Apple has become the world’s first $800bn company 23 hours ago Professional job vacancies surge amid Brexit and GDPR worries 1 day ago Russian tech in difficult spotlight thanks to Trump’s dismissal of Comey 1 day ago Building a global electricity grid, one transatlantic cable at a time 1 day ago Who says you need to be a leader to gain leadership skills? 1 day ago Human trials for new kidney disease treatment to begin 1 day ago The Arctic Ocean is a methane sink, but Alaska is now a CO2 red zone 1 day ago Sick of typos? Grammarly’s $110m funding could fix that 1 day ago What can you do with a career in data science? 1 day ago Pandora raises $150m, with selling up still an option 1 day ago ‘Culture is key to a high-performance sales organisation’ 1 day ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RSA Insurance Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mediclinic International PLC (MDC) Price Target Increased to GBX 790 by Analysts at Macquarie RSA Insurance Group plc (RSA) Given New GBX 478 Price Target at Macquarie Compass Group plc (CPG) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt Mitchells & Butlers plc (MAB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Peel Hunt Peel Hunt Reaffirms Add Rating for Rathbone Brothers plc (RAT) Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for BAE Systems plc (BA) AtriCure Inc. (ATRC) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Bankinter SA (BKNIY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Enerplus Corp (ERF) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research 1-800-Flowers.Com Inc (FLWS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research MFA Financial, Inc. (MFA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell ITT Inc. (ITT) Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.62 Per Share DA Davidson Comments on Louisiana-Pacific Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (LPX) Aegion Corp (AEGN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity Merus NV (MRUS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research LHC Group, Inc. (LHCG) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Quintiles IMS Holdings’ (Q) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Millicom International Cellular SA (MIICF) Downgraded to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc’s (HIK) “Reduce” Rating Reaffirmed at HSBC Holdings plc RSA Insurance Group plc (RSA) Given New GBX 478 Price Target at Macquarie May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet RSA Insurance Group plc (LON:RSA) had its target price lifted by Macquarie from GBX 440 ($5.69) to GBX 478 ($6.18) in a research note released on Friday morning. The firm currently has an underperform rating on the insurance provider’s stock. Several other analysts also recently issued reports on the company. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued an outperform rating and set a GBX 690 ($8.92) target price on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Barclays PLC raised their price target on RSA Insurance Group plc from GBX 633 ($8.19) to GBX 635 ($8.21) and gave the company an overweight rating in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut RSA Insurance Group plc to a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. HSBC Holdings plc raised their price target on RSA Insurance Group plc from GBX 630 ($8.15) to GBX 695 ($8.99) and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Citigroup Inc restated a neutral rating and set a GBX 600 ($7.76) price target (up previously from GBX 570 ($7.37)) on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 614.75 ($7.95). Shares of RSA Insurance Group plc (LON:RSA) opened at 615.76 on Friday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 6.20 billion. RSA Insurance Group plc has a 12 month low of GBX 425.60 and a 12 month high of GBX 621.50. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 594.53 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 574.14. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “RSA Insurance Group plc (RSA) Given New GBX 478 Price Target at Macquarie” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/rsa-insurance-group-plc-rsa-given-new-gbx-478-price-target-at-macquarie.html. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be issued a dividend of GBX 11 ($0.14) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 2nd. This represents a yield of 1.82%. This is a boost from RSA Insurance Group plc’s previous dividend of $5.00. RSA Insurance Group plc Company Profile RSA Insurance Group plc is an international general insurer. The Company provides personal, commercial and specialty insurance products and services direct-to-customers. Its segments include Scandinavia, Canada, UK & Ireland, Central Functions and non-core. Its segments are based on geography and all are engaged in providing personal and commercial general insurance services. Receive News & Ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) PT Set at €22.50 by Deutsche Bank AG Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) PT Set at €20.00 by Baader Bank Citigroup Inc Reiterates €21.50 Price Target for Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €7.50 by Nord/LB Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (FME) a €87.00 Price Target Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €98.00 Price Target by Societe Generale Analysts Barclays PLC Reiterates €75.00 Price Target for Sanofi SA (SAN) HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €89.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Given a €6.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts KeyCorp Weighs in on National Storage Affiliates Trust’s Q2 2017 Earnings (NSA) Cara Operations Ltd (CARA) Price Target Raised to C$34.00 Baytex Energy Corp (BTE) Receives Hold Rating from TD Securities Scotiabank Cuts Arizona Mining Inc (AZ) Price Target to C$4.50 Boralex Inc. (BLX) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. (BIP.UN) Price Target Increased to C$60.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Athabasca Oil Corp (ATH) PT Lowered to C$2.25 Cerecor Inc (CERC) Sees Large Volume Increase After Better-Than-Expected Earnings SPDR S&P Biotech Target of Unusually High Options Trading (XBI) Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (ATW) Shares Gap Up After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) Sets New 52-Week Low on Disappointing Earnings Barclays PLC Reiterates €75.00 Price Target for Sanofi SA (SAN) May 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC set a €75.00 ($81.52) price target on Sanofi SA (EPA:SAN) in a research note published on Monday morning. The brokerage currently has a sell rating on the stock. Other analysts have also issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €87.00 ($94.57) price objective on Sanofi SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Morgan Stanley set a €91.00 ($98.91) price objective on Sanofi SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €96.00 ($104.35) price objective on Sanofi SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €77.00 ($83.70) price objective on Sanofi SA and gave the company a sell rating in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Societe Generale set a €100.00 ($108.70) price objective on Sanofi SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. Sanofi SA has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €86.13 ($93.61). Sanofi SA (EPA:SAN) opened at 90.69 on Monday. Sanofi SA has a one year low of €62.50 and a one year high of €90.93. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is €25.48 and its 200-day moving average price is €25.74. The company has a market capitalization of €114.52 billion and a PE ratio of 24.97. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Barclays PLC Reiterates €75.00 Price Target for Sanofi SA (SAN)” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/10/barclays-plc-reiterates-75-00-price-target-for-sanofi-sa-san.html. About Sanofi SA Sanofi is a healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. The Company’s segments are Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines), and Other. The Pharmaceuticals segment comprises the commercial operations of various franchises, including Speciality Care (Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis, and Oncology), Diabetes and Cardiovascular, Established Prescription Products, Consumer Healthcare and Generics, and research and development, production and marketing activities for all of the Company’s pharmaceuticals operations. Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Infineon Technologies AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Infineon Technologies AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) PT Set at €22.50 by Deutsche Bank AG Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) PT Set at €20.00 by Baader Bank Citigroup Inc Reiterates €21.50 Price Target for Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €7.50 by Nord/LB Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (FME) a €87.00 Price Target Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €98.00 Price Target by Societe Generale Analysts Barclays PLC Reiterates €75.00 Price Target for Sanofi SA (SAN) HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €89.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Given a €6.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts KeyCorp Weighs in on National Storage Affiliates Trust’s Q2 2017 Earnings (NSA) Cara Operations Ltd (CARA) Price Target Raised to C$34.00 Baytex Energy Corp (BTE) Receives Hold Rating from TD Securities Scotiabank Cuts Arizona Mining Inc (AZ) Price Target to C$4.50 Boralex Inc. (BLX) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. (BIP.UN) Price Target Increased to C$60.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Athabasca Oil Corp (ATH) PT Lowered to C$2.25 Cerecor Inc (CERC) Sees Large Volume Increase After Better-Than-Expected Earnings SPDR S&P Biotech Target of Unusually High Options Trading (XBI) Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (ATW) Shares Gap Up After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) Sets New 52-Week Low on Disappointing Earnings Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) PT Set at €22.50 by Deutsche Bank AG May 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG set a €22.50 ($24.46) price objective on Infineon Technologies AG (ETR:IFXA) in a research report released on Friday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the technology company’s stock. Other research analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Commerzbank Ag set a €18.50 ($20.11) price target on Infineon Technologies AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Baader Bank set a €19.00 ($20.65) price objective on Infineon Technologies AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Citigroup Inc set a €18.50 ($20.11) price objective on Infineon Technologies AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €18.00 ($19.57) price objective on Infineon Technologies AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, DZ Bank AG reissued a buy rating on shares of Infineon Technologies AG in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and fourteen have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of €18.60 ($20.22). Shares of Infineon Technologies AG (ETR:IFXA) opened at 18.519 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of €20.89 billion and a PE ratio of 27.395. Infineon Technologies AG has a 12-month low of €11.72 and a 12-month high of €19.28. The company has a 50 day moving average of €18.54 and a 200-day moving average of €17.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/10/infineon-technologies-ag-ifxa-pt-set-at-22-50-by-deutsche-bank-ag.html. Infineon Technologies AG Company Profile Infineon Technologies AG is a Germany-based company developing semiconductors and system solutions for automotive and industrial electronics, and chip card, as well as security applications. It diversifies its operations into four main divisions: Automotive; Industrial Power Control; Chip card & Security, and Power Management and Multimarket. Receive News & Ratings for Infineon Technologies AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Infineon Technologies AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Jernigan Capital Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Jernigan Capital Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jernigan Capital Inc (JCAP) Receives “Buy” Rating from FBR & Co FBR & Co Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for American Superconductor Co. (AMSC) Incyte Co. (INCY) Given Buy Rating at Cowen and Company Imperva Inc (IMPV) Earns “Buy” Rating from Evercore ISI Tactile Systems Technology Inc (TCMD) Trading Up 12% Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Albany Molecular Research, Inc. (AMRI) Trading 12.4% Higher After Earnings Beat Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Hold Rating for Tailored Brands Inc (TLRD) Gener8 Maritime Inc (GNRT) Shares Up 9.4% After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Zumiez Inc. (ZUMZ) Given “Hold” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC TheStreet Upgrades Alpha and Omega Semiconductor Ltd (AOSL) to B- First Data Corp (FDC) Shares Gap Up After Earnings Beat Brink's Company (BCO) Reaches New 1-Year High Following Dividend Announcement Urthecast Corp (UR) Price Target Cut to C$2.75 Seven Generations Energy Ltd (VII) PT Lowered to C$33.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Boosts Stella-Jones Inc (SJ) Price Target to C$45.00 Seven Generations Energy Ltd (VII) Given Action List Buy Rating at TD Securities Taseko Mines’ (TKO) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at TD Securities Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Inc (ARWR) Short Interest Up 13.3% in April Short Interest in Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Increases By 1.3% Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. (TNP) Set to Announce Earnings on Friday Jernigan Capital Inc (JCAP) Receives “Buy” Rating from FBR & Co May 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet FBR & Co reissued their buy rating on shares of Jernigan Capital Inc (NYSE:JCAP) in a research note released on Friday morning. A number of other brokerages have also issued reports on JCAP. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Jernigan Capital from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $24.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Jefferies Group LLC began coverage on Jernigan Capital in a report on Monday, April 24th. They issued a hold rating and a $25.00 price objective on the stock. Jernigan Capital (NYSE:JCAP) opened at 22.24 on Friday. Jernigan Capital has a one year low of $12.02 and a one year high of $24.71. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $22.93 and its 200 day moving average is $21.08. The stock has a market cap of $196.51 million, a P/E ratio of 9.20 and a beta of 0.91. Jernigan Capital (NYSE:JCAP) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.12 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.07 by $0.05. Jernigan Capital had a return on equity of 12.36% and a net margin of 198.76%. The firm had revenue of $2.30 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.26 million. On average, analysts anticipate that Jernigan Capital will post $1.88 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/10/jernigan-capital-inc-jcap-receives-buy-rating-from-fbr-co.html. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 14th. Shareholders of record on Monday, July 3rd will be issued a $0.35 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 29th. This represents a $1.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 6.29%. Jernigan Capital’s payout ratio is currently 79.55%. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Jernigan Capital by 3.5% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 33,448 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $771,000 after buying an additional 1,138 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Jernigan Capital by 17.3% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 43,769 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1,008,000 after buying an additional 6,458 shares during the last quarter. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. raised its position in shares of Jernigan Capital by 28.1% in the fourth quarter. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. now owns 31,423 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $661,000 after buying an additional 6,900 shares during the last quarter. Summit Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of Jernigan Capital by 16.4% in the third quarter. Summit Asset Management LLC now owns 60,900 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1,167,000 after buying an additional 8,600 shares during the last quarter. Finally, First Republic Investment Management Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Jernigan Capital during the fourth quarter worth $308,000. Institutional investors own 42.73% of the company’s stock. Jernigan Capital Company Profile Jernigan Capital, Inc is a commercial real estate finance company. The Company provides capital to private developers, owners and operators of self-storage facilities. It intends to generate long-term returns on development property investments through a fixed rate of interest on its invested capital together with an interest in the positive cash flows of the self-storage development from operations, sales and/or refinancings. Receive News & Ratings for Jernigan Capital Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Jernigan Capital Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance News Snap shares plummet as investors mark down first earnings report Snap shares plummet as investors mark down first earnings report Source : By : Anya George Tharakan and David Ingram Last Updated: Thu, May 11, 2017 09:36 hrs Snap Inc shares plunged on Wednesday after the owner of Snapchat reported slowing user growth and revenue in its first earnings report as a public company, missing Wall Street's estimates as it competes with copycat messaging apps. Its shares tumbled 23 percent in after-hours trading to wipe some $6 billion from Snap's market value, a humbling reversal for the company after its red-hot March initial public offering, which was the biggest for a U.S. tech company since Facebook Inc in 2012. The stock fell to $17.66, only just above its IPO price of $17. Some investors were hoping Snap would surprise them with big numbers in its first quarterly report, BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield said. "The fact that they failed to live up to expectations, let alone exceed them, disappointed people," he said. The performance echoed slides in Facebook and Twitter after they posted debut scorecards following their IPOs. Twitter shares cratered 24 percent the next day, while Facebook's tumbled 11 percent, still the biggest-ever one-day losses for both. Snap said its daily active users (DAUs) rose 36.1 percent to 166 million in the first quarter from a year earlier, marking a slowdown from the 47.7 percent rise for the fourth quarter and 62.8 percent jump for the third quarter that the company reported in its IPO filing. JPMorgan had expected Snap's DAUs to hit 169 million in the first quarter, while Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co Inc pegged them even higher at 173 million. Snap's March IPO priced above the company's target range as investors put aside concerns about a lack of profits and voting rights to get a piece of the action. The IPO raised $3.4 billion and gave the company a market valuation of roughly $24 billion, and shares surged 44 percent in their first day of trading. Facebook, which made a $3 billion bid for Snapchat in 2013, has upped the ante by offering camera-related features similar to Snap on its platforms, including Instagram and WhatsApp. The company said in April that Instagram Stories alone had reached 200 million daily active users. Snap Chief Executive Evan Spiegel, who received a stock-based bonus worth nearly $600 million for taking the company public, shrugged off imitations when asked about Facebook by an analyst on a conference call to discuss earnings. "If you want to be a creative company, you've got to get comfortable with and enjoy the fact that people are going to copy your product if you make great stuff," he said. Making a comparison to the search industry, Spiegel added: "Just because Yahoo has a search box doesn't mean they're Google." Snapchat's growth was faster than Facebook, however, which said its overall daily user base grew 18 percent year-over-year in the first quarter, as well as Twitter, which reported growth of 14 percent in DAUs from a year earlier. REVENUE DISAPPOINTMENT Snap's revenue jumped nearly four-fold year-over-year to $149.6 million but fell short of the average analyst forecast of $158 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue was also down from the fourth quarter of 2016, a seasonally stronger period for ad sales, when it was $166 million. Revenue was "a relatively disappointing number," Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser said. "To their credit," he added, "they did guide towards a number that would be lower, which it was." Average revenue per user was 90 cents in the first quarter, Snap said, up from 33 cents the same quarter a year earlier but below the $1.05 per user in the fourth quarter of 2016. Snap's net loss widened to $2.21 billion, or $2.31 per share, in the first quarter, from $104.6 million, or 14 cents per share, due to stock-based compensation related to the IPO. Although the figure of $2 billion in total stock-based compensation was known ahead of time, investors were surprised to see all of it show up in a single quarter rather than spread out over time, said Eric Kim, managing partner at Goodwater Capital. "It is an eye-popping number for sure," he said. Snapchat launched in 2012 as a mobile app that allows users to send photos, known as snaps, that vanish within seconds. The company rebranded as Snap Inc last year, and moved into the hardware space with Spectacles, its colorful sunglasses that record short videos to post on Snapchat. Users created more than 3 billion snaps daily on average during the first quarter, up from more than 2.5 billion during the third quarter of 2016, the company said. Snap receives some revenue from branded or sponsored filters and lenses, but depends on advertising dollars for the bulk of its overall revenue. Digital marketing firm eMarketer in March had trimmed its 2017 U.S. advertising revenue forecast for Snap by $30 million to $770 million, citing higher-than-expected revenue sharing with the company's partners. The total U.S. digital advertising market is meanwhile expected to reach $83 billion, according to eMarketer, up nearly 16 percent from last year. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28420.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28870.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0.7%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28870.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28420.00 (0%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%) more talking point on sify finance Latest News The murder of Umar Fayaz: When a son dies too young A brief guide to official IAS dinners The cost of India-Pakistan enmity Supreme Court declines to unshackle the security forces How Aadhaar centres are illegally charging you MCD Elections: AAP has lessons to learn following humiliating defeat After ban on red beacons, three ideas to abolish VIP culture Will the AIADMK re-unite? More About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanchez Energy Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanchez Energy Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Christopher Heinson Sells 22,730 Shares of Sanchez Energy Corp (SN) Stock Corning Incorporated (GLW) VP Edward A. Schlesinger Sells 5,422 Shares Insider Selling: UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) Insider Sells 2,800 Shares of Stock Qualys Inc (QLYS) Insider Sumedh S. Thakar Sells 4,119 Shares Insider Selling: GSI Technology, Inc. (GSIT) CFO Sells 20,625 Shares of Stock Biopharmx Corp (BPMX) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $30,000.00 Dominos Pizza UK & IRL Plc (DPUKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Entravision Communication (EVC) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Sawtooth Solutions LLC Purchases New Position in Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. (MPWR) Sawtooth Solutions LLC Acquires 501 Shares of Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Sawtooth Solutions LLC Takes Position in Genpact Limited (G) Sawtooth Solutions LLC Sells 100 Shares of Dorman Products Inc. (DORM) Sawtooth Solutions LLC Buys Shares of 32,000 Republic First Bancorp, Inc. (FRBK) Zions Bancorp (ZION) Position Boosted by Sawtooth Solutions LLC Sawtooth Solutions LLC Buys 114,162 Shares of Ambev SA (ABEV) Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $30.047 Million Position in IDEX Co. (IEX) Scout Investments Inc. Decreases Position in Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Fairbanks Capital Management Inc. Has $788,000 Stake in Verisign, Inc. (VRSN) Toyota Motor Corp (TM) Stake Boosted by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC LeMaitre Vascular Inc (LMAT) CEO George W. Lemaitre Sells 9,102 Shares Christopher Heinson Sells 22,730 Shares of Sanchez Energy Corp (SN) Stock May 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Sanchez Energy Corp (NYSE:SN) VP Christopher Heinson sold 22,730 shares of Sanchez Energy Corp stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $7.68, for a total transaction of $174,566.40. Following the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 598,925 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,599,744. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Christopher Heinson also recently made the following trade(s): On Tuesday, April 18th, Christopher Heinson sold 35,170 shares of Sanchez Energy Corp stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.31, for a total transaction of $292,262.70. Sanchez Energy Corp (NYSE:SN) traded down 2.53% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $7.33. 7,506,027 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm’s market capitalization is $600.33 million. Sanchez Energy Corp has a one year low of $5.64 and a one year high of $14.39. The company’s 50-day moving average is $8.68 and its 200 day moving average is $9.54. Sanchez Energy Corp (NYSE:SN) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The energy producer reported ($1.05) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.21) by $0.84. The firm had revenue of $133.80 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $128.68 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted ($0.30) EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 67.7% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that Sanchez Energy Corp will post $0.51 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Christopher Heinson Sells 22,730 Shares of Sanchez Energy Corp (SN) Stock” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/10/christopher-heinson-sells-22730-shares-of-sanchez-energy-corp-sn-stock.html. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of SN. State Street Corp increased its position in Sanchez Energy Corp by 5.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 3,357,476 shares of the energy producer’s stock valued at $30,321,000 after buying an additional 165,627 shares during the period. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in Sanchez Energy Corp by 64.0% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,312,670 shares of the energy producer’s stock valued at $12,523,000 after buying an additional 512,255 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Sanchez Energy Corp by 3.0% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,092,226 shares of the energy producer’s stock valued at $10,420,000 after buying an additional 32,287 shares during the period. Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. bought a new position in Sanchez Energy Corp during the first quarter valued at about $6,765,000. Finally, Bogle Investment Management L P DE bought a new position in Sanchez Energy Corp during the fourth quarter valued at about $5,248,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 60.56% of the company’s stock. A number of research analysts recently issued reports on SN shares. Stifel Nicolaus reissued a “hold” rating and set a $9.00 price target (down from $11.00) on shares of Sanchez Energy Corp in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. FBR & Co reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $16.00 price target (up from $12.00) on shares of Sanchez Energy Corp in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Sanchez Energy Corp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, April 14th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $16.00 price target (up from $14.00) on shares of Sanchez Energy Corp in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, KLR Group reissued a “buy” rating and set a $18.00 price target (up from $17.00) on shares of Sanchez Energy Corp in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $14.88. About Sanchez Energy Corp Sanchez Energy Corporation is an independent exploration and production company. The Company is focused on the acquisition and development of the United States onshore unconventional oil and natural gas resources. The Company primarily focuses on the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas. The Company also holds an undeveloped acreage position in the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale (TMS) in Mississippi and Louisiana. Receive News & Ratings for Sanchez Energy Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanchez Energy Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Whitbread plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Whitbread plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Chatham Lodging Trust (CLDT) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Brokerages Set Whitbread plc (WTB) PT at $4,191.33 Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Canada Goose Holdings Inc. Subordinate Voting Shares (GOOS) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Given Neutral Rating at Roth Capital SeaWorld Entertainment Inc (SEAS) Earns Neutral Rating from Janney Montgomery Scott Molina Healthcare, Inc. (MOH) Stake Reduced by Scout Investments Inc. 293,861 Shares in Lazard Ltd (LAZ) Acquired by Scout Investments Inc. Take Two Interactive Software Inc (TTWO) Position Increased by Scout Investments Inc. Stag Industrial Inc (STAG) Shares Bought by Eagle Boston Investment Management Inc. Eagle Boston Investment Management Inc. Has $7.011 Million Position in Aspen Technology, Inc. (AZPN) Eagle Asset Management Inc. Purchases 165,998 Shares of HSN, Inc. (HSNI) Eagle Asset Management Inc. Sells 13,211 Shares of Woodward Inc (WWD) HMS Holdings Corp (HMSY) Position Cut by Eagle Asset Management Inc. Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (PBH) Stake Increased by Eagle Boston Investment Management Inc. Eagle Boston Investment Management Inc. Has $8.287 Million Position in Bottomline Technologies (EPAY) TESARO Inc (TSRO) Position Reduced by Eagle Asset Management Inc. New Relic Inc (NEWR) Insider Sells $874,800.00 in Stock AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Insider Matthew H. Birenbaum Sells 2,750 Shares Christine King Sells 7,000 Shares of Cirrus Logic, Inc. (CRUS) Stock Brokerages Set Whitbread plc (WTB) PT at $4,191.33 May 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Whitbread plc (LON:WTB) has earned a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the seventeen research firms that are covering the stock. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 1-year price target among analysts that have covered the stock in the last year is GBX 4,191.33 ($54.21). A number of equities analysts have recently issued reports on WTB shares. Numis Securities Ltd reissued a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 4,200 ($54.32) target price on shares of Whitbread plc in a report on Monday, January 30th. Barclays PLC raised Whitbread plc to an “equal weight” rating and increased their target price for the stock from GBX 3,340 ($43.20) to GBX 4,150 ($53.67) in a report on Friday, January 20th. Credit Suisse Group AG raised Whitbread plc to an “outperform” rating and increased their target price for the stock from GBX 4,030 ($52.12) to GBX 4,550 ($58.85) in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Morgan Stanley reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 4,700 ($60.79) target price on shares of Whitbread plc in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their target price on Whitbread plc from GBX 3,945 ($51.02) to GBX 3,965 ($51.28) and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. In other Whitbread plc news, insider Louise Smalley sold 5,377 shares of Whitbread plc stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 3,814 ($49.33), for a total transaction of £205,078.78 ($265,233.81). ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/10/brokerages-set-whitbread-plc-wtb-pt-at-4191-33.html. Shares of Whitbread plc (LON:WTB) traded up 0.98% during midday trading on Friday, hitting GBX 4114.00. The stock had a trading volume of 424,905 shares. The firm’s market cap is GBX 7.50 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 4,036.26 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 3,830.32. Whitbread plc has a 12-month low of GBX 3,283.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 4,402.00. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 25th will be issued a dividend of GBX 65.90 ($0.85) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 25th. This is a positive change from Whitbread plc’s previous dividend of $29.90. This represents a yield of 1.65%. Whitbread plc Company Profile Whitbread PLC is a hospitality company. The Company operates hotels, coffee shops and restaurants. The Company operates in two segments: Hotels & Restaurants, and Costa. The Hotels & Restaurants segment provides services in relation to accommodation and food. The Costa segment consists of operations of its branded, owned and franchised coffee outlets. Receive News & Ratings for Whitbread plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Whitbread plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi BD Prices Offerings of $2.25 Billion of Common Stock and $2.25 Billion of Depositary Shares Representing Interests in Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock News provided by BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) 10 May, 2017, 22:13 ET Share this article FRANKLIN LAKES, N.J., May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) (NYSE: BDX) announced today that it has priced its previously announced registered offerings of $2.25 billion of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, at a public offering price of $176.50 per share, and $2.25 billion of depositary shares, each representing a 1/20th interest in a share of 6.125% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A, par value $1.00 per share, at a public offering price of $50.00 per share. Pursuant to the offerings, BD has granted the underwriters an option to purchase from BD up to an additional $225 million of common stock and up to an additional $225 million of depositary shares, in each case at the public offering price per share.   BD intends to use the proceeds from the offerings to finance a portion of the cash consideration payable in connection with BD's previously announced acquisition of C. R. Bard, Inc. ("Bard") and to pay related fees and expenses. The acquisition is expected to close in the fall of 2017. The closings of these offerings are not conditioned on each other or on the closing of the acquisition. The offerings are expected to close on or about May 16, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.  Each depositary share entitles the holder of such depositary share to a proportional fractional interest in the rights and preferences of the mandatory convertible preferred stock, including conversion, dividend, liquidation and voting rights, subject to the terms of the deposit agreement. Unless previously converted or redeemed, on or around May 1, 2020, each then outstanding share of mandatory convertible preferred stock will automatically convert into between 4.7214 and 5.6657 shares of BD's common stock (and correspondingly, the conversion rate for each depositary share will be between 0.2361 and 0.2833 shares of BD's common stock), subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, depending on the volume-weighted average price of BD's common stock over a 20 consecutive trading day averaging period prior to that date. Dividends on the mandatory convertible preferred stock will be payable on a cumulative basis when, as and if declared by BD's board of directors, at an annual rate of 6.125% on the initial liquidation preference of $1,000 per share of mandatory convertible preferred stock (equivalent to $61.25 per year per share), on the first business day of each of February, May, August and November of each year, commencing on August 1, 2017 and ending on, and including, May 1, 2020. Currently, no public market exists for the depositary shares. BD applied to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "BDXA."  The joint book-running managers for the offering of common stock are Citigroup; J.P. Morgan; Morgan Stanley; Wells Fargo Securities; BNP PARIBAS; MUFG; and Barclays, and the co-managers are Scotiabank; BTIG; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; ING; Loop Capital Markets; and The Williams Capital Group, L.P.  The joint book-running managers for the offering of depositary shares are Citigroup; J.P. Morgan; Morgan Stanley; MUFG; BNP PARIBAS; Barclays; and Wells Fargo Securities, and the co-managers are Standard Chartered Bank; Scotiabank; US Bancorp; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; ING; Loop Capital Markets; and The Williams Capital Group, L.P.  You may obtain a preliminary prospectus supplement for either offering by contacting Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 (Tel: 800-831-9146); J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, toll-free: (866) 803-9204, email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, United States, Attention: Prospectus Dept.; MUFG Securities Americas Inc. by Toll-free Prospectus Request Hotline: (877) 649-6848, email: Prospectus@us.sc.mufg.jp; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attn: Equity Syndicate, 375 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10152, by telephone (800) 326-5897, or by email at cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or purchase or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sales of securities mentioned in this press release in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. A shelf registration statement relating to the common stock and depositary shares, as amended, became effective on May 8, 2017, and the offering is being made by means of a separate prospectus supplement for each offering.  About BD BD is a global medical technology company that is advancing the world of health by improving medical discovery, diagnostics and the delivery of care. BD leads in patient and health care worker safety and the technologies that enable medical research and clinical laboratories. The company provides innovative solutions that help advance medical research and genomics, enhance the diagnosis of infectious disease and cancer, improve medication management, promote infection prevention, equip surgical and interventional procedures, and support the management of diabetes. The company partners with organizations around the world to address some of the most challenging global health issues. BD has nearly 50,000 associates across 50 countries who work in close collaboration with customers and partners to help enhance outcomes, lower health care delivery costs, increase efficiencies, improve health care safety and expand access to health. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains certain estimates and other "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Forward looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as "will", "expect", "outlook" "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "see," "will," "would," "target," or other similar words, phrases or expressions and variations or negatives of these words.  Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain, such as statements regarding BD's ability to consummate the financings on the terms described in this press release or at all and the consummation of the Bard acquisition and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are based on the current expectations of BD management and are not predictions of actual performance. These statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties regarding BD and Bard's respective businesses and the proposed acquisition, and actual results may differ materially.  These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, (i) the ability of the parties to successfully complete the proposed acquisition on anticipated terms and timing, including obtaining required shareholder and regulatory approvals, anticipated tax treatment, unforeseen liabilities, future capital expenditures, revenues, expenses, earnings, synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition, losses, future prospects, business and management strategies for the management, expansion and growth of the new combined company's operations and other conditions to the completion of the acquisition, (ii) risks relating to the integration of Bard's operations, products and employees into BD and the possibility that the anticipated synergies and other benefits of the proposed acquisition will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected timeframe, (iii) the outcome of any legal proceedings related to the proposed acquisition, (iv) access to available financing including for the refinancing of BD's or Bard's debt on a timely basis and reasonable terms, (v) the ability to market and sell Bard's products in new markets, including the ability to obtain necessary regulatory product registrations and clearances, (vi) the loss of key senior management or other associates; the anticipated demand for BD's and Bard's products, including the risk of future reductions in government healthcare funding, changes in reimbursement rates or changes in healthcare practices that could result in lower utilization rates or pricing pressures, (vii) the impact of competition in the medical device industry, (viii) the risks of fluctuations in interest or foreign currency exchange rates, (ix) product liability claims, (x) difficulties inherent in product development, including the timing or outcome of product development efforts, the ability to obtain regulatory approvals and clearances and the timing and market success of product launches, (xi) risks relating to fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and other sourced products and the ability to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relationships, (xii) successful compliance with governmental regulations applicable to BD, Bard and the combined company, (xiii) changes in regional, national or foreign economic conditions, (xiv) uncertainties of litigation, and (xv) other factors discussed in BD's and Bard's respective filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The forward-looking statements in this press release speak only as of date of this announcement.  BD and Bard undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, except as required by applicable laws or regulations. BD Monique Dolecki, Investor Relations – (201) 847-5378 Kristen Cardillo, Corporate Communications – (201) 847-5657 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bd-prices-offerings-of-225-billion-of-common-stock-and-225-billion-of-depositary-shares-representing-interests-in-mandatory-convertible-preferred-stock-300455751.html SOURCE BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) Related Links http://www.bd.com 09 May, 2017, 06:59 ET Preview: BD and UniteOR Join Forces to Deliver an Integrated Tracking Solution for the Operating Room Setting My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 07 May, 2017, 18:58 ET BD and UniteOR Join Forces to Deliver an Integrated Tracking... 07 May, 2017, 18:58 ET BD Announces Offerings of $2.25 Billion of Common Stock and $2.25... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Stock Offering You just read: BD Prices Offerings of $2.25 Billion of Common Stock and $2.25 Billion of Depositary Shares Representing Interests in Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock News provided by BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) 10 May, 2017, 22:13 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio How-To Social Media Computers & Laptops Mobiles & Tablets Other Gadgets Snap shares plummet as investors mark down first earnings report Reuters comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Some investors were hoping Snap would surprise them with big numbers in its first quarterly report. The stock fell to $17.66, only just above its IPO price of $17. May 10:   Snap Inc shares plunged on Wednesday after the owner of Snapchat reported slowing user growth and revenue in its first earnings report as a public company, missing some of Wall Street's estimates as it competes with copycat messaging apps. Its shares tumbled 23 per cent in after-hours trading to wipe some $6 billion from Snap's market value, a humbling reversal for the company after its red-hot March initial public offering, which was the biggest for a US tech company since Facebook Inc in 2012. The stock fell to $17.66, only just above its IPO price of $17. Some investors were hoping Snap would surprise them with big numbers in its first quarterly report, BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield said. “The fact that they failed to live up to expectations, let alone exceed them, disappointed people,” he said. The performance echoed slides in Facebook and Twitter after they posted debut scorecards following their IPOs. Twitter shares cratered 24 per cent the next day, while Facebook's tumbled 11 per cent, still the biggest-ever one-day losses for both. Snap said its daily active users (DAUs) rose 36.1 per cent to 166 million in the first quarter from a year earlier, marking a slowdown from the 47.7 per cent rise for the fourth quarter and 62.8 per cent jump for the third quarter that the company reported in its IPO filing. The slowing rate of growth was in line with an estimate from JPMorgan, which accurately expected 166 million DAUs for the first quarter. Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co Inc had pegged them even higher at 173 million. Snap's March IPO priced above the company's target range as investors put aside concerns about a lack of profits and voting rights to get a piece of the action. The IPO raised $3.4 billion and gave the company a market valuation of roughly $24 billion, and shares surged 44 per cent in their first day of trading. Facebook, which made a $3 billion bid for Snapchat in 2013, has upped the ante by offering camera-related features similar to Snap on its platforms, including Instagram and WhatsApp. The company said in April that Instagram Stories alone had reached 200 million daily active users. Snap Chief Executive Evan Spiegel, who received a stock-based bonus worth nearly $600 million for taking the company public, shrugged off imitations when asked about Facebook by an analyst on a conference call to discuss earnings. “If you want to be a creative company, you've got to get comfortable with and enjoy the fact that people are going to copy your product if you make great stuff,” he said. Making a comparison to the search industry, Spiegel added: "Just because Yahoo has a search box doesn't mean they're Google.” Snapchat's growth was faster than Facebook, however, which said its overall daily user base grew 18 per cent year-over-year in the first quarter, as well as Twitter, which reported growth of 14 per cent in DAUs from a year earlier. Revenue disappointment Snap's revenue jumped nearly four-fold year-over-year to $149.6 million but fell short of the average analyst forecast of $158 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue was also down from the fourth quarter of 2016, a seasonally stronger period for ad sales, when it was $166 million. Revenue was “a relatively disappointing number,” Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser said. “To their credit,” he added, "they did guide towards a number that would be lower, which it was.” Average revenue per user was 90 cents in the first quarter, Snap said, up from 33 cents the same quarter a year earlier but below the $1.05 per user in the fourth quarter of 2016. Snap's net loss widened to $2.21 billion, or $2.31 per share, in the first quarter, from $104.6 million, or 14 cents per share, due to stock-based compensation related to the IPO. Although the figure of $2 billion in total stock-based compensation was known ahead of time, investors were surprised to see all of it show up in a single quarter rather than spread out over time, said Eric Kim, managing partner at Goodwater Capital. “It is an eye-popping number for sure,” he said. Snapchat launched in 2012 as a mobile app that allows users to send photos, known as snaps, that vanish within seconds. The company rebranded as Snap Inc last year, and moved into the hardware space with Spectacles, its colorful sunglasses that record short videos to post on Snapchat. Users created more than 3 billion snaps daily on average during the first quarter, up from more than 2.5 billion during the third quarter of 2016, the company said. Snap receives some revenue from branded or sponsored filters and lenses, but depends on advertising dollars for the bulk of its overall revenue. Digital marketing firm eMarketer in March had trimmed its 2017 US advertising revenue forecast for Snap by $30 million to $770 million, citing higher-than-expected revenue sharing with the company's partners. The total US digital advertising market is meanwhile expected to reach $83 billion, according to eMarketer, up nearly 16 per cent from last year. (This article was published on May 11, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS economy, business and finance | stocks and shares | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO ACT Fibernet CEO Bala Malladi on ACT's initiatives more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Nightmare on IT St: thousands to be sacked HCL Q4 profit rises 27% to ₹2,475 cr Micromax, Airtel tie up to offer bundled services at affordable price Happiest Minds acquires IoT start-up Cupola Technology Shopping for clothes? Augmented reality could make multiple trials a thing of the past Oracle to offer plug-and-play AI solution to marketers CCI orders probe of telcos on RJio’s complaint Oracle launches cloud computing service for India LTI to hire 1,500 engineers Nocme Tech to merge with SCSOFT of Singapore; eyes Smart City, Metro projects LATEST NEWS Nikkei eases off 17-month high as firmer yen triggers futures selling 6 min. ago Solar tariffs fall further to Rs 2.44 per unit 19 min. ago Sensex down 61 points; healthcare, bank stocks fall 21 min. ago SBI setting up separate Amaravati circle for AP 26 min. ago Nifty call: Go short with a stop-loss at 9,435 32 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Info-tech US intel chiefs express doubts over Kaspersky security software US officials have expressed doubts because of its recruitment of some staff with alleged links to Russian defense and intelligence bodies. » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Oil jumps, stocks and dollar steady with low volatility Business Standard Snap shares plummet as investors mark down first earnings report Reuters  May 11, 2017 Last Updated at 06:23 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVhESa ALSO READ Snap pops in Wall Street debut for messaging app Amazon revenue soars as cloud, retail businesses dominate Microsoft Surface sales sink, shares dip Starbucks profit meets Wall Street view, shares fall EXCLUSIVE - Facebook eases past Wall Street estimates, sees spending up in 2017 By Anya George Tharakan and David Ingram (Reuters) - Snap Inc shares plunged on Wednesday after the owner of Snapchat reported slowing user growth and revenue in its first earnings report as a public company, missing Wall Street's estimates as it competes with copycat messaging apps. Its shares tumbled 23 percent in after-hours trading to wipe some $6 billion from Snap's market value, a humbling reversal for the company after its red-hot March initial public offering, which was the biggest for a U.S. tech company since Facebook Inc in 2012. The stock fell to $17.66, only just above its IPO price of $17. Some investors were hoping Snap would surprise them with big numbers in its first quarterly report, BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield said. "The fact that they failed to live up to expectations, let alone exceed them, disappointed people," he said. The performance echoed slides in Facebook and Twitter after they posted debut scorecards following their IPOs. Twitter shares cratered 24 percent the next day, while Facebook's tumbled 11 percent, still the biggest-ever one-day losses for both. Snap said its daily active users (DAUs) rose 36.1 percent to 166 million in the first quarter from a year earlier, marking a slowdown from the 47.7 percent rise for the fourth quarter and 62.8 percent jump for the third quarter that the company reported in its IPO filing. JPMorgan had expected Snap's DAUs to hit 169 million in the first quarter, while Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co Inc pegged them even higher at 173 million. Snap's March IPO priced above the company's target range as investors put aside concerns about a lack of profits and voting rights to get a piece of the action. The IPO raised $3.4 billion and gave the company a market valuation of roughly $24 billion, and shares surged 44 percent in their first day of trading. Facebook, which made a $3 billion bid for Snapchat in 2013, has upped the ante by offering camera-related features similar to Snap on its platforms, including Instagram and WhatsApp. The company said in April that Instagram Stories alone had reached 200 million daily active users. Snap Chief Executive Evan Spiegel, who received a stock-based bonus worth nearly $600 million for taking the company public, shrugged off imitations when asked about Facebook by an analyst on a conference call to discuss earnings. "If you want to be a creative company, you've got to get comfortable with and enjoy the fact that people are going to copy your product if you make great stuff," he said. Making a comparison to the search industry, Spiegel added: "Just because Yahoo has a search box doesn't mean they're Google." Snapchat's growth was faster than Facebook, however, which said its overall daily user base grew 18 percent year-over-year in the first quarter, as well as Twitter, which reported growth of 14 percent in DAUs from a year earlier. REVENUE DISAPPOINTMENT Snap's revenue jumped nearly four-fold year-over-year to $149.6 million but fell short of the average analyst forecast of $158 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue was also down from the fourth quarter of 2016, a seasonally stronger period for ad sales, when it was $166 million. Revenue was "a relatively disappointing number," Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser said. "To their credit," he added, "they did guide towards a number that would be lower, which it was." Average revenue per user was 90 cents in the first quarter, Snap said, up from 33 cents the same quarter a year earlier but below the $1.05 per user in the fourth quarter of 2016. Snap's net loss widened to $2.21 billion, or $2.31 per share, in the first quarter, from $104.6 million, or 14 cents per share, due to stock-based compensation related to the IPO. Although the figure of $2 billion in total stock-based compensation was known ahead of time, investors were surprised to see all of it show up in a single quarter rather than spread out over time, said Eric Kim, managing partner at Goodwater Capital. "It is an eye-popping number for sure," he said. Snapchat launched in 2012 as a mobile app that allows users to send photos, known as snaps, that vanish within seconds. The company rebranded as Snap Inc last year, and moved into the hardware space with Spectacles, its colorful sunglasses that record short videos to post on Snapchat. Users created more than 3 billion snaps daily on average during the first quarter, up from more than 2.5 billion during the third quarter of 2016, the company said. Snap receives some revenue from branded or sponsored filters and lenses, but depends on advertising dollars for the bulk of its overall revenue. Digital marketing firm eMarketer in March had trimmed its 2017 U.S. advertising revenue forecast for Snap by $30 million to $770 million, citing higher-than-expected revenue sharing with the company's partners. The total U.S. digital advertising market is meanwhile expected to reach $83 billion, according to eMarketer, up nearly 16 percent from last year. (Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru and David Ingram in San Francisco; Additional reporting by Angela Moon in New York; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Bill Rigby) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Snap | Results | Wall Street | Shares | Revenue | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Snap shares plummet as investors mark down first earnings report (Reuters) - Snap Inc shares plunged on Wednesday after the owner of Snapchat reported slowing user growth and revenue in its first earnings report as a public company, missing Wall Street's estimates as it competes with copycat messaging apps. By Anya George Tharakan and David Ingram (Reuters) - Snap Inc shares plunged on Wednesday after the owner of Snapchat reported slowing user growth and revenue in its first earnings report as a public company, missing Wall Street's estimates as it competes with copycat messaging apps. Its shares tumbled 23 percent in after-hours trading to wipe some $6 billion from Snap's market value, a humbling reversal for the company after its red-hot March initial public offering, which was the biggest for a U.S. tech company since Facebook Inc in 2012. The stock fell to $17.66, only just above its IPO price of $17. Some investors were hoping Snap would surprise them with big numbers in its first quarterly report, BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield said. "The fact that they failed to live up to expectations, let alone exceed them, disappointed people," he said. The performance echoed slides in Facebook and Twitter after they posted debut scorecards following their IPOs. Twitter shares cratered 24 percent the next day, while Facebook's tumbled 11 percent, still the biggest-ever one-day losses for both. Snap said its daily active users (DAUs) rose 36.1 percent to 166 million in the first quarter from a year earlier, marking a slowdown from the 47.7 percent rise for the fourth quarter and 62.8 percent jump for the third quarter that the company reported in its IPO filing. JPMorgan had expected Snap's DAUs to hit 169 million in the first quarter, while Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co Inc pegged them even higher at 173 million. Snap's March IPO priced above the company's target range as investors put aside concerns about a lack of profits and voting rights to get a piece of the action. The IPO raised $3.4 billion and gave the company a market valuation of roughly $24 billion, and shares surged 44 percent in their first day of trading. Facebook, which made a $3 billion bid for Snapchat in 2013, has upped the ante by offering camera-related features similar to Snap on its platforms, including Instagram and WhatsApp. The company said in April that Instagram Stories alone had reached 200 million daily active users. Snap Chief Executive Evan Spiegel, who received a stock-based bonus worth nearly $600 million for taking the company public, shrugged off imitations when asked about Facebook by an analyst on a conference call to discuss earnings. "If you want to be a creative company, you've got to get comfortable with and enjoy the fact that people are going to copy your product if you make great stuff," he said. Making a comparison to the search industry, Spiegel added: "Just because Yahoo has a search box doesn't mean they're Google." Snapchat's growth was faster than Facebook, however, which said its overall daily user base grew 18 percent year-over-year in the first quarter, as well as Twitter, which reported growth of 14 percent in DAUs from a year earlier. REVENUE DISAPPOINTMENT Snap's revenue jumped nearly four-fold year-over-year to $149.6 million but fell short of the average analyst forecast of $158 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue was also down from the fourth quarter of 2016, a seasonally stronger period for ad sales, when it was $166 million. Revenue was "a relatively disappointing number," Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser said. "To their credit," he added, "they did guide towards a number that would be lower, which it was." Average revenue per user was 90 cents in the first quarter, Snap said, up from 33 cents the same quarter a year earlier but below the $1.05 per user in the fourth quarter of 2016. Snap's net loss widened to $2.21 billion, or $2.31 per share, in the first quarter, from $104.6 million, or 14 cents per share, due to stock-based compensation related to the IPO. Although the figure of $2 billion in total stock-based compensation was known ahead of time, investors were surprised to see all of it show up in a single quarter rather than spread out over time, said Eric Kim, managing partner at Goodwater Capital. "It is an eye-popping number for sure," he said. Snapchat launched in 2012 as a mobile app that allows users to send photos, known as snaps, that vanish within seconds. The company rebranded as Snap Inc last year, and moved into the hardware space with Spectacles, its colorful sunglasses that record short videos to post on Snapchat. Users created more than 3 billion snaps daily on average during the first quarter, up from more than 2.5 billion during the third quarter of 2016, the company said. Snap receives some revenue from branded or sponsored filters and lenses, but depends on advertising dollars for the bulk of its overall revenue. Digital marketing firm eMarketer in March had trimmed its 2017 U.S. advertising revenue forecast for Snap by $30 million to $770 million, citing higher-than-expected revenue sharing with the company's partners. The total U.S. digital advertising market is meanwhile expected to reach $83 billion, according to eMarketer, up nearly 16 percent from last year. (Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru and David Ingram in San Francisco; Additional reporting by Angela Moon in New York; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Bill Rigby) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Snap shares plummet as investors mark down first earnings report By Anya George Tharakan and David Ingram (Reuters) - Snap Inc shares plunged on Wednesday after the owner of Snapchat reported slowing user growth and revenue in its first earnings report as a public company, missing Wall Street's estimates as it competes with copycat messaging apps. Its shares tumbled 23 percent in after-hours trading to wipe some $6 billion from Snap's market value, a humbling reversal for the company after its red-hot March initial public offering, which was the biggest for a U.S. tech company since Facebook Inc in 2012. The stock fell to $17.66, only just above its IPO price of $17. Some investors were hoping Snap would surprise them with big numbers in its first quarterly report, BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield said. "The fact that they failed to live up to expectations, let alone exceed them, disappointed people," he said. The performance echoed slides in Facebook and Twitter after they posted debut scorecards following their IPOs. Twitter shares cratered 24 percent the next day, while Facebook's tumbled 11 percent, still the biggest-ever one-day losses for both. Snap said its daily active users (DAUs) rose 36.1 percent to 166 million in the first quarter from a year earlier, marking a slowdown from the 47.7 percent rise for the fourth quarter and 62.8 percent jump for the third quarter that the company reported in its IPO filing. JPMorgan had expected Snap's DAUs to hit 169 million in the first quarter, while Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co Inc pegged them even higher at 173 million. Snap's March IPO priced above the company's target range as investors put aside concerns about a lack of profits and voting rights to get a piece of the action. The IPO raised $3.4 billion and gave the company a market valuation of roughly $24 billion, and shares surged 44 percent in their first day of trading. Facebook, which made a $3 billion bid for Snapchat in 2013, has upped the ante by offering camera-related features similar to Snap on its platforms, including Instagram and WhatsApp. The company said in April that Instagram Stories alone had reached 200 million daily active users. Snap Chief Executive Evan Spiegel, who received a stock-based bonus worth nearly $600 million for taking the company public, shrugged off imitations when asked about Facebook by an analyst on a conference call to discuss earnings. "If you want to be a creative company, you've got to get comfortable with and enjoy the fact that people are going to copy your product if you make great stuff," he said. Making a comparison to the search industry, Spiegel added: "Just because Yahoo has a search box doesn't mean they're Google." Snapchat's growth was faster than Facebook, however, which said its overall daily user base grew 18 percent year-over-year in the first quarter, as well as Twitter, which reported growth of 14 percent in DAUs from a year earlier. REVENUE DISAPPOINTMENT Snap's revenue jumped nearly four-fold year-over-year to $149.6 million but fell short of the average analyst forecast of $158 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue was also down from the fourth quarter of 2016, a seasonally stronger period for ad sales, when it was $166 million. Revenue was "a relatively disappointing number," Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser said. "To their credit," he added, "they did guide towards a number that would be lower, which it was." Average revenue per user was 90 cents in the first quarter, Snap said, up from 33 cents the same quarter a year earlier but below the $1.05 per user in the fourth quarter of 2016. Snap's net loss widened to $2.21 billion, or $2.31 per share, in the first quarter, from $104.6 million, or 14 cents per share, due to stock-based compensation related to the IPO. Although the figure of $2 billion in total stock-based compensation was known ahead of time, investors were surprised to see all of it show up in a single quarter rather than spread out over time, said Eric Kim, managing partner at Goodwater Capital. "It is an eye-popping number for sure," he said. Snapchat launched in 2012 as a mobile app that allows users to send photos, known as snaps, that vanish within seconds. The company rebranded as Snap Inc last year, and moved into the hardware space with Spectacles, its colorful sunglasses that record short videos to post on Snapchat. Users created more than 3 billion snaps daily on average during the first quarter, up from more than 2.5 billion during the third quarter of 2016, the company said. Snap receives some revenue from branded or sponsored filters and lenses, but depends on advertising dollars for the bulk of its overall revenue. Digital marketing firm eMarketer in March had trimmed its 2017 U.S. advertising revenue forecast for Snap by $30 million to $770 million, citing higher-than-expected revenue sharing with the company's partners. The total U.S. digital advertising market is meanwhile expected to reach $83 billion, according to eMarketer, up nearly 16 percent from last year. (Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru and David Ingram in San Francisco; Additional reporting by Angela Moon in New York; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Bill Rigby) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Latest News Dow 20,919 -23.69 -0.11% Nasdaq 6,116 -13.18 -0.22% S&P 500 2,394 -5.19 -0.22% 3:05 A.M. ET Updated United evacuates Houston flight after scorpion spotted 3:05 A.M. ET Thyssenkrupp falls 4.6% in early trade 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,727 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,385.13 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens flat at 7,388.43 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 394.74 2:53 A.M. ET AstraZeneca plans Imfinzi submission after trial 2:51 A.M. ET German GDP up 0.6% on buoyant trade, beating U.S. 2:15 A.M. ET Noble shares slide to fresh 15-year low 2:14 A.M. ET Petrobras posts biggest profit in 2 years 2:14 A.M. ET Greece eyes bond sale amid optimism over debt deal 1:58 A.M. ET United Internet to acquire Drillisch for $3.04B 1:15 A.M. ET Updated Oil poised to gain more than 3% this week as hopes grow over OPEC resolve 12:57 A.M. ET Petrobras posts largest profit in two years 12:01 A.M. ET Fraud alerts are on the rise. Here’s why. 12:01 A.M. ET Why credit and debit card fraud alerts have spiked 5/11 Judge deals blows against Uber in legal battle with Alphabet 5/11 White House announces trade deal with China to boost U.S. exports 5/11 Asian markets pull back after weak earnings in U.S. Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release BD Prices Offerings of $2.25 Billion of Common Stock and $2.25 Billion of Depositary Shares Representing Interests in Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock By Published: May 10, 2017 10:13 p.m. ET Share FRANKLIN LAKES, N.J., May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) BDX, +2.84% announced today that it has priced its previously announced registered offerings of $2.25 billion of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, at a public offering price of $176.50 per share, and $2.25 billion of depositary shares, each representing a 1/20th interest in a share of 6.125% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A, par value $1.00 per share, at a public offering price of $50.00 per share. Pursuant to the offerings, BD has granted the underwriters an option to purchase from BD up to an additional $225 million of common stock and up to an additional $225 million of depositary shares, in each case at the public offering price per share.   BD intends to use the proceeds from the offerings to finance a portion of the cash consideration payable in connection with BD's previously announced acquisition of C. R. Bard, Inc. ("Bard") and to pay related fees and expenses. The acquisition is expected to close in the fall of 2017. The closings of these offerings are not conditioned on each other or on the closing of the acquisition. The offerings are expected to close on or about May 16, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.  Each depositary share entitles the holder of such depositary share to a proportional fractional interest in the rights and preferences of the mandatory convertible preferred stock, including conversion, dividend, liquidation and voting rights, subject to the terms of the deposit agreement. Unless previously converted or redeemed, on or around May 1, 2020, each then outstanding share of mandatory convertible preferred stock will automatically convert into between 4.7214 and 5.6657 shares of BD's common stock (and correspondingly, the conversion rate for each depositary share will be between 0.2361 and 0.2833 shares of BD's common stock), subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, depending on the volume-weighted average price of BD's common stock over a 20 consecutive trading day averaging period prior to that date. Dividends on the mandatory convertible preferred stock will be payable on a cumulative basis when, as and if declared by BD's board of directors, at an annual rate of 6.125% on the initial liquidation preference of $1,000 per share of mandatory convertible preferred stock (equivalent to $61.25 per year per share), on the first business day of each of February, May, August and November of each year, commencing on August 1, 2017 and ending on, and including, May 1, 2020. Currently, no public market exists for the depositary shares. BD applied to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "BDXA."  The joint book-running managers for the offering of common stock are Citigroup; J.P. Morgan; Morgan Stanley; Wells Fargo Securities; BNP PARIBAS; MUFG; and Barclays, and the co-managers are Scotiabank; BTIG; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; ING; Loop Capital Markets; and The Williams Capital Group, L.P.  The joint book-running managers for the offering of depositary shares are Citigroup; J.P. Morgan; Morgan Stanley; MUFG; BNP PARIBAS; Barclays; and Wells Fargo Securities, and the co-managers are Standard Chartered Bank; Scotiabank; US Bancorp; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; ING; Loop Capital Markets; and The Williams Capital Group, L.P.  You may obtain a preliminary prospectus supplement for either offering by contacting Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 (tel:800-831-9146); J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, toll-free: (866) 803-9204, email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, United States, Attention: Prospectus Dept.; MUFG Securities Americas Inc. by Toll-free Prospectus Request Hotline: (877) 649-6848, email: Prospectus@us.sc.mufg.jp; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attn: Equity Syndicate, 375 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10152, by telephone (800) 326-5897, or by email at cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or purchase or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sales of securities mentioned in this press release in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. A shelf registration statement relating to the common stock and depositary shares, as amended, became effective on May 8, 2017, and the offering is being made by means of a separate prospectus supplement for each offering.  About BD BD is a global medical technology company that is advancing the world of health by improving medical discovery, diagnostics and the delivery of care. BD leads in patient and health care worker safety and the technologies that enable medical research and clinical laboratories. The company provides innovative solutions that help advance medical research and genomics, enhance the diagnosis of infectious disease and cancer, improve medication management, promote infection prevention, equip surgical and interventional procedures, and support the management of diabetes. The company partners with organizations around the world to address some of the most challenging global health issues. BD has nearly 50,000 associates across 50 countries who work in close collaboration with customers and partners to help enhance outcomes, lower health care delivery costs, increase efficiencies, improve health care safety and expand access to health. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains certain estimates and other "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Forward looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as "will", "expect", "outlook" "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "see," "will," "would," "target," or other similar words, phrases or expressions and variations or negatives of these words.  Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain, such as statements regarding BD's ability to consummate the financings on the terms described in this press release or at all and the consummation of the Bard acquisition and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are based on the current expectations of BD management and are not predictions of actual performance. These statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties regarding BD and Bard's respective businesses and the proposed acquisition, and actual results may differ materially.  These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, (i) the ability of the parties to successfully complete the proposed acquisition on anticipated terms and timing, including obtaining required shareholder and regulatory approvals, anticipated tax treatment, unforeseen liabilities, future capital expenditures, revenues, expenses, earnings, synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition, losses, future prospects, business and management strategies for the management, expansion and growth of the new combined company's operations and other conditions to the completion of the acquisition, (ii) risks relating to the integration of Bard's operations, products and employees into BD and the possibility that the anticipated synergies and other benefits of the proposed acquisition will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected timeframe, (iii) the outcome of any legal proceedings related to the proposed acquisition, (iv) access to available financing including for the refinancing of BD's or Bard's debt on a timely basis and reasonable terms, (v) the ability to market and sell Bard's products in new markets, including the ability to obtain necessary regulatory product registrations and clearances, (vi) the loss of key senior management or other associates; the anticipated demand for BD's and Bard's products, including the risk of future reductions in government healthcare funding, changes in reimbursement rates or changes in healthcare practices that could result in lower utilization rates or pricing pressures, (vii) the impact of competition in the medical device industry, (viii) the risks of fluctuations in interest or foreign currency exchange rates, (ix) product liability claims, (x) difficulties inherent in product development, including the timing or outcome of product development efforts, the ability to obtain regulatory approvals and clearances and the timing and market success of product launches, (xi) risks relating to fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and other sourced products and the ability to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relationships, (xii) successful compliance with governmental regulations applicable to BD, Bard and the combined company, (xiii) changes in regional, national or foreign economic conditions, (xiv) uncertainties of litigation, and (xv) other factors discussed in BD's and Bard's respective filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The forward-looking statements in this press release speak only as of date of this announcement.  BD and Bard undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, except as required by applicable laws or regulations. BD Monique Dolecki, Investor Relations – (201) 847-5378 Kristen Cardillo, Corporate Communications – (201) 847-5657 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bd-prices-offerings-of-225-billion-of-common-stock-and-225-billion-of-depositary-shares-representing-interests-in-mandatory-convertible-preferred-stock-300455751.html SOURCE BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References BDX +5.10 +2.84% Most Popular Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover Nvidia’s $3 billion chip sends stock to yet more records Watch as helicopter warns surfers they’re next to ‘approximately 15 great white sharks’ Morgan Stanley says risk of a recession has decreased to 1-in-4 odds 'Forest Bathers' Seek Therapeutic Effects of Trees MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Becton Dickinson & Co. U.S.: NYSE: BDX $184.86 +5.10 (+2.84%) Volume 10.7M Open $181.70 High $184.95 Low $181.56 P/E Ratio 30.58 Div Yield 1.58 Market Cap 38.3B
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FCB Financial Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FCB Financial Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Lincoln National Co. (LNC) Director Michael F. Mee Sells 13,574 Shares Insider Selling: FCB Financial Holdings Inc (FCB) CEO Sells 20,513 Shares of Stock Wayfair Inc (W) CEO Niraj Shah Sells 16,000 Shares M John Jordan Sells 56,289 Shares of Bojangles Inc (BOJA) Stock Charter Communications, Inc. (CHTR) EVP Jonathan Hargis Sells 6,000 Shares Mark E. Speese Purchases 100,000 Shares of Rent-A-Center Inc (RCII) Stock CPS Technologies Co. (CPSH) Announces Earnings Results Gastar Exploration Inc (GST) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS TFS Capital LLC Invests $1.24 Million in Gray Television, Inc. (GTN) Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) Bonds Trading 1.6% Higher West Corp (WSTC) Bond Prices Rise 2.3% California Resources Corp (CRC) Debt Trading 1.7% Higher Gerber Kawasaki Wealth & Investment Management Acquires New Stake in Colony NorthStar Inc (CLNS) First Midwest Bancorp Inc (FMBI) Shares Sold by Pzena Investment Management LLC Wesco Aircraft Holdings Inc (WAIR) Shares Bought by Pzena Investment Management LLC Ameriprise Financial Inc. Purchases 3,481,430 Shares of Oclaro, Inc. (OCLR) Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Shares Bought by Pzena Investment Management LLC Ameriprise Financial Inc. Has $72.332 Million Stake in FactSet Research Systems Inc. (FDS) Pzena Investment Management LLC Has $48.499 Million Position in Cubic Co. (CUB) Legg Mason Inc (LM) Stake Maintained by Pzena Investment Management LLC Insider Selling: FCB Financial Holdings Inc (FCB) CEO Sells 20,513 Shares of Stock May 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet FCB Financial Holdings Inc (NYSE:FCB) CEO Kent S. Ellert sold 20,513 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $47.76, for a total transaction of $979,700.88. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 142,368 shares in the company, valued at approximately $6,799,495.68. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. FCB Financial Holdings Inc (NYSE:FCB) traded up 0.11% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $47.60. 185,198 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $2.03 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.90 and a beta of 1.38. FCB Financial Holdings Inc has a 1-year low of $31.98 and a 1-year high of $50.33. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $47.94 and its 200-day moving average price is $45.89. FCB Financial Holdings (NYSE:FCB) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 20th. The bank reported $0.64 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.63 by $0.01. FCB Financial Holdings had a return on equity of 10.77% and a net margin of 28.63%. The business had revenue of $81.10 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $80.44 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.53 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 16.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that FCB Financial Holdings Inc will post $2.66 EPS for the current year. WARNING: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/10/insider-selling-fcb-financial-holdings-inc-fcb-ceo-sells-20513-shares-of-stock.html. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Oak Hill Advisors LP boosted its stake in FCB Financial Holdings by 152.2% in the third quarter. Oak Hill Advisors LP now owns 2,744,824 shares of the bank’s stock worth $105,483,000 after buying an additional 1,656,423 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in FCB Financial Holdings by 2.5% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,836,037 shares of the bank’s stock worth $90,975,000 after buying an additional 44,901 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in FCB Financial Holdings by 34.1% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,672,170 shares of the bank’s stock worth $82,857,000 after buying an additional 425,549 shares during the period. Silvercrest Asset Management Group LLC acquired a new stake in FCB Financial Holdings during the fourth quarter worth $71,361,000. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in FCB Financial Holdings by 21.7% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 984,917 shares of the bank’s stock worth $46,981,000 after buying an additional 175,646 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 95.97% of the company’s stock. Several equities analysts recently weighed in on FCB shares. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $52.00 price objective on shares of FCB Financial Holdings in a research report on Wednesday, April 5th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of FCB Financial Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $57.00 price objective (up previously from $56.00) on shares of FCB Financial Holdings in a research report on Sunday, April 23rd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $50.75. About FCB Financial Holdings FCB Financial Holdings, Inc is a bank holding company with a national bank subsidiary, Florida Community Bank, National Association (the Bank). The Company operates in the Community Banking segment. Through the Bank, the Company provides a range of retail and commercial banking services. As of December 31, 2016, the Company provided a range of financial products and services to individuals, small and medium-sized businesses, some large businesses, and other local organizations and entities through 46 branches in south and central Florida. Receive News & Ratings for FCB Financial Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FCB Financial Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Is triple talaq religious practice? If out, how will Muslim men divorce, asks SC Ummer’s killers led by local Hizbul man wanted for 2 earlier murders, say police Tapping 5 states in south is key to BJP’s expansion blueprint Naseemuddin Siddiqui vs Mayawati: Tapes, CDs, Rs 50 crore, blackmail charge In 2007 hate speech case, Yogi govt denies sanction to prosecute Yogi Home Technology Tech News Snapchat shares plummet as investors mark down first earnings report Snapchat shares plummet as investors mark down first earnings report Snapchat's March IPO priced above the company's target range as investors put aside concerns about a lack of profits and voting rights to get a piece of the action. By: Reuters | New York | Updated: May 11, 2017 8:08 am Some investors were hoping Snap would surprise them with big numbers in its first quarterly report, BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield said. (File photo) Snap Inc shares plunged on Wednesday after the owner of Snapchat reported slowing user growth and revenue in its first earnings report as a public company, missing some of Wall Street’s estimates as it competes with copycat messaging apps. Its shares tumbled 23 per cent in after-hours trading to wipe some $6 billion from Snap’s market value, a humbling reversal for the company after its red-hot March initial public offering, which was the biggest for a US tech company since Facebook Inc in 2012. The stock fell to $17.66, only just above its IPO price of $17. Some investors were hoping Snap would surprise them with big numbers in its first quarterly report, BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield said. “The fact that they failed to live up to expectations, let alone exceed them, disappointed people,” he said. The performance echoed slides in Facebook and Twitter after they posted debut scorecards following their IPOs. Twitter shares cratered 24 percent the next day, while Facebook’s tumbled 11 percent, still the biggest-ever one-day losses for both. Snap said its daily active users (DAUs) rose 36.1 percent to 166 million in the first quarter from a year earlier, marking a slowdown from the 47.7 percent rise for the fourth quarter and 62.8 percent jump for the third quarter that the company reported in its IPO filing. The slowing rate of growth was in line with an estimate from JPMorgan, which accurately expected 166 million DAUs for the first quarter. Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co Inc had pegged them even higher at 173 million. Snap’s March IPO priced above the company’s target range as investors put aside concerns about a lack of profits and voting rights to get a piece of the action. The IPO raised $3.4 billion and gave the company a market valuation of roughly $24 billion, and shares surged 44 percent in their first day of trading. Facebook, which made a $3 billion bid for Snapchat in 2013, has upped the ante by offering camera-related features similar to Snap on its platforms, including Instagram and WhatsApp. The company said in April that Instagram Stories alone had reached 200 million daily active users. Snap Chief Executive Evan Spiegel, who received a stock-based bonus worth nearly $600 million for taking the company public, shrugged off imitations when asked about Facebook by an analyst on a conference call to discuss earnings. “If you want to be a creative company, you’ve got to get comfortable with and enjoy the fact that people are going to copy your product if you make great stuff,” he said. Making a comparison to the search industry, Spiegel added: “Just because Yahoo has a search box doesn’t mean they’re Google.” Snapchat’s growth was faster than Facebook, however, which said its overall daily user base grew 18 percent year-over-year in the first quarter, as well as Twitter, which reported growth of 14 percent in DAUs from a year earlier. Revenue disappointment Snap’s revenue jumped nearly four-fold year-over-year to $149.6 million but fell short of the average analyst forecast of $158 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue was also down from the fourth quarter of 2016, a seasonally stronger period for ad sales, when it was $166 million. Revenue was “a relatively disappointing number,” Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser said. “To their credit,” he added, “they did guide towards a number that would be lower, which it was.” Average revenue per user was 90 cents in the first quarter, Snap said, up from 33 cents the same quarter a year earlier but below the $1.05 per user in the fourth quarter of 2016. Snap’s net loss widened to $2.21 billion, or $2.31 per share, in the first quarter, from $104.6 million, or 14 cents per share, due to stock-based compensation related to the IPO. Although the figure of $2 billion in total stock-based compensation was known ahead of time, investors were surprised to see all of it show up in a single quarter rather than spread out over time, said Eric Kim, managing partner at Goodwater Capital. “It is an eye-popping number for sure,” he said. Snapchat launched in 2012 as a mobile app that allows users to send photos, known as snaps, that vanish within seconds. The company rebranded as Snap Inc last year, and moved into the hardware space with Spectacles, its colorful sunglasses that record short videos to post on Snapchat. Users created more than 3 billion snaps daily on average during the first quarter, up from more than 2.5 billion during the third quarter of 2016, the company said. Snap receives some revenue from branded or sponsored filters and lenses, but depends on advertising dollars for the bulk of its overall revenue. Digital marketing firm eMarketer in March had trimmed its 2017 US advertising revenue forecast for Snap by $30 million to $770 million, citing higher-than-expected revenue sharing with the company’s partners. The total US digital advertising market is meanwhile expected to reach $83 billion, according to eMarketer, up nearly 16 percent from last year. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: Snapchat Snapchat stock No Comments. Best of Express Narendra Modi announces direct Varanasi-Colombo flight from August EntertainmentSarkar 3 movie review: Despite Amitabh Bachchan trying his best, where's the novelty? EntertainmentBaahubali 2: Not Prabhas, this man was the highest paid. Here's a break-up of the fees of its cast and it will shock you EntertainmentBaahubali 2's 'Sivagami' Ramya Krishnan reveals the scene that made her cry EntertainmentDid Justin Bieber leave India in a huff due to the heat? His shirtless photos at the airport prove this Must Read SportsRPS look to cement spot in top two against DD SportsSakshi enters Asian Wrestling Championship final SportsMan U stumble into Europa League final TechnologyReliance JioFiber Preview Offer launched in Mumbai, Delhi-NCR, Ahmedabad and more TechnologyHP Omen 17w102 review: Great for gaming, but very expensive TechnologyMicrosoft Build 2017 Day 2 highlights: Windows 10 Fall Creators Update, Story Remix, and more LifestyleNot just Justin Bieber, these international bands rocked Mumbai too (see videos) May 12: Latest News Kapil Mishra’s mother accuses Arvind Kejriwal of spreading lies WATCH: ‘Abhi tak Baahubali nahi dekhi?’ gets a hilarious reply in this video Jet Airways flight, bound for Bangkok, returns to Mumbai after ‘suspected tail strike’ Haryana to issue I-cards to ‘genuine’ gau Haryana: Kuldeep Bishnoi looks for key role in Congress Top News MP Board Class 10th result 2017 declared at mpresults.nic.in, mpbse.nic.in MP Board: MPBSE declares Class 12th results, know how to check results here Karnataka II PUC exams 2017: Results declared, supply exam on June 28 Baahubali 2: Not Prabhas, this man was the highest paid. Here's a break-up of the fees of its cast and it will shock you MP Board Class 10, Class 12 exams 2017: Results released, check here Karnataka II PUC exams 2017: Results declared, know how to check results Tamil Nadu HSC results announced at tnresults.nic.in, girls outperform boys by scoring 92.1%                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessWire News May 11, 2017 07:55 AM IST | Snap shares plummet as investors mark down first earnings report Its shares tumbled 23 percent in after-hours trading to wipe some $6 billion from Snap's market value, a humbling reversal for the company after its red-hot March initial public offering, which was the biggest for a U.S. tech company since Facebook Inc in 2012. Snap Inc shares plunged on Wednesday after the owner of Snapchat reported slowing user growth and revenue in its first earnings report as a public company, missing some of Wall Street's estimates as it competes with copycat messaging apps. Its shares tumbled 23 percent in after-hours trading to wipe some $6 billion from Snap's market value, a humbling reversal for the company after its red-hot March initial public offering, which was the biggest for a U.S. tech company since Facebook Inc in 2012. The stock fell to $17.66, only just above its IPO price of $17. Some investors were hoping Snap would surprise them with big numbers in its first quarterly report, BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield said. "The fact that they failed to live up to expectations, let alone exceed them, disappointed people," he said. The performance echoed slides in Facebook and Twitter after they posted debut scorecards following their IPOs. Twitter shares cratered 24 percent the next day, while Facebook's tumbled 11 percent, still the biggest-ever one-day losses for both. Snap said its daily active users (DAUs) rose 36.1 percent to 166 million in the first quarter from a year earlier, marking a slowdown from the 47.7 percent rise for the fourth quarter and 62.8 percent jump for the third quarter that the company reported in its IPO filing. The slowing rate of growth was in line with an estimate from JPMorgan, which accurately expected 166 million DAUs for the first quarter. Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co Inc had pegged them even higher at 173 million. Snap's March IPO priced above the company's target range as investors put aside concerns about a lack of profits and voting rights to get a piece of the action. The IPO raised $3.4 billion and gave the company a market valuation of roughly $24 billion, and shares surged 44 percent in their first day of trading. Facebook, which made a $3 billion bid for Snapchat in 2013, has upped the ante by offering camera-related features similar to Snap on its platforms, including Instagram and WhatsApp. The company said in April that Instagram Stories alone had reached 200 million daily active users. Snap Chief Executive Evan Spiegel, who received a stock-based bonus worth nearly $600 million for taking the company public, shrugged off imitations when asked about Facebook by an analyst on a conference call to discuss earnings. "If you want to be a creative company, you've got to get comfortable with and enjoy the fact that people are going to copy your product if you make great stuff," he said. Making a comparison to the search industry, Spiegel added: "Just because Yahoo has a search box doesn't mean they're Google." Snapchat's growth was faster than Facebook, however, which said its overall daily user base grew 18 percent year-over-year in the first quarter, as well as Twitter, which reported growth of 14 percent in DAUs from a year earlier. REVENUE DISAPPOINTMENT Snap's revenue jumped nearly four-fold year-over-year to $149.6 million but fell short of the average analyst forecast of $158 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue was also down from the fourth quarter of 2016, a seasonally stronger period for ad sales, when it was $166 million. Revenue was "a relatively disappointing number," Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser said. "To their credit," he added, "they did guide towards a number that would be lower, which it was." Average revenue per user was 90 cents in the first quarter, Snap said, up from 33 cents the same quarter a year earlier but below the $1.05 per user in the fourth quarter of 2016. Snap's net loss widened to $2.21 billion, or $2.31 per share, in the first quarter, from $104.6 million, or 14 cents per share, due to stock-based compensation related to the IPO. Although the figure of $2 billion in total stock-based compensation was known ahead of time, investors were surprised to see all of it show up in a single quarter rather than spread out over time, said Eric Kim, managing partner at Goodwater Capital. "It is an eye-popping number for sure," he said. Snapchat launched in 2012 as a mobile app that allows users to send photos, known as snaps, that vanish within seconds. The company rebranded as Snap Inc last year, and moved into the hardware space with Spectacles, its colourful sunglasses that record short videos to post on Snapchat. Users created more than 3 billion snaps daily on average during the first quarter, up from more than 2.5 billion during the third quarter of 2016, the company said. Snap receives some revenue from branded or sponsored filters and lenses, but depends on advertising dollars for the bulk of its overall revenue. Digital marketing firm eMarketer in March had trimmed its 2017 U.S. advertising revenue forecast for Snap by $30 million to $770 million, citing higher-than-expected revenue sharing with the company's partners.The total U.S. digital advertising market is meanwhile expected to reach $83 billion, according to eMarketer, up nearly 16 percent from last year. tags #Snap Inc #Snapchat #World News Related news Business China central bank shuffles market funding, injects medium term cash May 12, 2017 10:46 AM Business Fed to be cautious in balance-sheet normalisation: NY Fed chief May 12, 2017 09:52 AM Business Boeing begins construction of first overseas plant in China May 12, 2017 09:45 AM Business US approves sale of $2 billion in missiles to UAE: Pentagon May 12, 2017 08:10 AM Business Donald Trump says he might release his tax returns once his term ends May 12, 2017 07:50 AM Business Boeing must clear 737 MAX engines with US regulator to fly again May 12, 2017 07:50 AM Business Not against legal immigration: Donald Trump May 12, 2017 07:45 AM Business Donald Trump will not rush US climate policy review: Rex Tillerson May 12, 2017 07:35 AM Business I was going to fire Comey regardless of recommendation: Donald Trump May 12, 2017 07:30 AM News Most Popular Top News Sensex @ 39K in bull scenario; top 9 potential winning stocks on Morgan Stanley list Missed Sensex rally to 30,000? Some stocks are cheaper than when market was at 15,000 Strong support available at 9,250 for Nifty; 5 stocks to buy which could give up to 12% upside Nifty rallies 30% in 3 years of Modi govt; 10 stocks that doubled investors' wealth Sensex may bolt to 39K in bull scenario: 9 stocks on Morgan Stanley's winners list Missed Sensex rally to 30K? Some stocks are cheaper than when market was at 15K Market Live: Nifty breaks 9400, Sensex lower on profit booking; Asian Paints loses 3 Years of Modi: RERA a game-changer which builds on other housing initiatives see more Video of the day Market not in a bubble zone, best is yet to come; ignore IT, pharma for now: JM Fin Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Reuters
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman BD Prices Offerings of $2.25 Billion of Common Stock and $2.25 Billion of Depositary Shares Representing Interests in Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock FRANKLIN LAKES, N.J., May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) (NYSE: BDX) announced today that it has priced its previously announced registered offerings of $2.25 billion of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, at a public offering price of $176.50 per share, and $2.25 billion of depositary shares, each representing a 1/20th interest in a share of 6.125% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A, par value $1.00 per share, at a public offering price of $50.00 per share. Pursuant to the offerings, BD has granted the underwriters an option to purchase from BD up to an additional $225 million of common stock and up to an additional $225 million of depositary shares, in each case at the public offering price per share.   BD intends to use the proceeds from the offerings to finance a portion of the cash consideration payable in connection with BD's previously announced acquisition of C. R. Bard, Inc. ("Bard") and to pay related fees and expenses. The acquisition is expected to close in the fall of 2017. The closings of these offerings are not conditioned on each other or on the closing of the acquisition. The offerings are expected to close on or about May 16, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.  Each depositary share entitles the holder of such depositary share to a proportional fractional interest in the rights and preferences of the mandatory convertible preferred stock, including conversion, dividend, liquidation and voting rights, subject to the terms of the deposit agreement. Unless previously converted or redeemed, on or around May 1, 2020, each then outstanding share of mandatory convertible preferred stock will automatically convert into between 4.7214 and 5.6657 shares of BD's common stock (and correspondingly, the conversion rate for each depositary share will be between 0.2361 and 0.2833 shares of BD's common stock), subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, depending on the volume-weighted average price of BD's common stock over a 20 consecutive trading day averaging period prior to that date. Dividends on the mandatory convertible preferred stock will be payable on a cumulative basis when, as and if declared by BD's board of directors, at an annual rate of 6.125% on the initial liquidation preference of $1,000 per share of mandatory convertible preferred stock (equivalent to $61.25 per year per share), on the first business day of each of February, May, August and November of each year, commencing on August 1, 2017 and ending on, and including, May 1, 2020. Currently, no public market exists for the depositary shares. BD applied to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "BDXA."  The joint book-running managers for the offering of common stock are Citigroup; J.P. Morgan; Morgan Stanley; Wells Fargo Securities; BNP PARIBAS; MUFG; and Barclays, and the co-managers are Scotiabank; BTIG; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; ING; Loop Capital Markets; and The Williams Capital Group, L.P.  The joint book-running managers for the offering of depositary shares are Citigroup; J.P. Morgan; Morgan Stanley; MUFG; BNP PARIBAS; Barclays; and Wells Fargo Securities, and the co-managers are Standard Chartered Bank; Scotiabank; US Bancorp; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; ING; Loop Capital Markets; and The Williams Capital Group, L.P.  You may obtain a preliminary prospectus supplement for either offering by contacting Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 (Tel: 800-831-9146); J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, toll-free: (866) 803-9204, email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, United States, Attention: Prospectus Dept.; MUFG Securities Americas Inc. by Toll-free Prospectus Request Hotline: (877) 649-6848, email: Prospectus@us.sc.mufg.jp; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attn: Equity Syndicate, 375 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10152, by telephone (800) 326-5897, or by email at cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or purchase or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sales of securities mentioned in this press release in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. A shelf registration statement relating to the common stock and depositary shares, as amended, became effective on May 8, 2017, and the offering is being made by means of a separate prospectus supplement for each offering.  About BD BD is a global medical technology company that is advancing the world of health by improving medical discovery, diagnostics and the delivery of care. BD leads in patient and health care worker safety and the technologies that enable medical research and clinical laboratories. The company provides innovative solutions that help advance medical research and genomics, enhance the diagnosis of infectious disease and cancer, improve medication management, promote infection prevention, equip surgical and interventional procedures, and support the management of diabetes. The company partners with organizations around the world to address some of the most challenging global health issues. BD has nearly 50,000 associates across 50 countries who work in close collaboration with customers and partners to help enhance outcomes, lower health care delivery costs, increase efficiencies, improve health care safety and expand access to health. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains certain estimates and other "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Forward looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as "will", "expect", "outlook" "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "see," "will," "would," "target," or other similar words, phrases or expressions and variations or negatives of these words.  Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain, such as statements regarding BD's ability to consummate the financings on the terms described in this press release or at all and the consummation of the Bard acquisition and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are based on the current expectations of BD management and are not predictions of actual performance. These statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties regarding BD and Bard's respective businesses and the proposed acquisition, and actual results may differ materially.  These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, (i) the ability of the parties to successfully complete the proposed acquisition on anticipated terms and timing, including obtaining required shareholder and regulatory approvals, anticipated tax treatment, unforeseen liabilities, future capital expenditures, revenues, expenses, earnings, synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition, losses, future prospects, business and management strategies for the management, expansion and growth of the new combined company's operations and other conditions to the completion of the acquisition, (ii) risks relating to the integration of Bard's operations, products and employees into BD and the possibility that the anticipated synergies and other benefits of the proposed acquisition will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected timeframe, (iii) the outcome of any legal proceedings related to the proposed acquisition, (iv) access to available financing including for the refinancing of BD's or Bard's debt on a timely basis and reasonable terms, (v) the ability to market and sell Bard's products in new markets, including the ability to obtain necessary regulatory product registrations and clearances, (vi) the loss of key senior management or other associates; the anticipated demand for BD's and Bard's products, including the risk of future reductions in government healthcare funding, changes in reimbursement rates or changes in healthcare practices that could result in lower utilization rates or pricing pressures, (vii) the impact of competition in the medical device industry, (viii) the risks of fluctuations in interest or foreign currency exchange rates, (ix) product liability claims, (x) difficulties inherent in product development, including the timing or outcome of product development efforts, the ability to obtain regulatory approvals and clearances and the timing and market success of product launches, (xi) risks relating to fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and other sourced products and the ability to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relationships, (xii) successful compliance with governmental regulations applicable to BD, Bard and the combined company, (xiii) changes in regional, national or foreign economic conditions, (xiv) uncertainties of litigation, and (xv) other factors discussed in BD's and Bard's respective filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The forward-looking statements in this press release speak only as of date of this announcement.  BD and Bard undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, except as required by applicable laws or regulations. BD Monique Dolecki, Investor Relations – (201) 847-5378 Kristen Cardillo, Corporate Communications – (201) 847-5657 SOURCE BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth Care/Hospitals, Medical Equipment, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, Offerings Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Distribution Software Market 2017-2021 – Presents Key Companies ( SAP, Oracle, Sage Group, Infor, JDA Software Group ) Next PostNext Global Network Analytics Market Share Will Expand Till 2016-2024 Search Recent Posts TeamTalk puts off CityLink fibre capex in deals TeamTalk puts off CityLink fibre capex in deals NZ median house price eases in April, number of sales tumble NZ median house price eases in April, number of sales tumble Readout of Meeting Between U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Israeli Justice Minister Shaked RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. Announces Public Offering of Common Stock UNIONDALE, N.Y., May 10, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (the “Company”) (NYSE:ABR) announced today that it plans to make a public offering of 9,500,000 shares of its common stock.  In connection with the offering, the Company intends to grant the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,425,000 shares of its common stock. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to make investments relating to its business, purchase the existing management agreement from its external manager and for general corporate purposes. J.P. Morgan, Deutsche Bank Securities and JMP Securities are joint book-running managers for the offering. The offering will be made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement,  previously filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).  The offering of these securities will be made only by means of a prospectus.  Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus related to the offering may be obtained, when available, by contacting J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (866) 803-9204, or by email at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; or Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Attn: Prospectus Group, 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005-2836; Email: prospectus.CPDG@db.com; Telephone: (800) 503-4611; or JMP Securities LLC, 600 Montgomery Street, 10th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111, Attention: Prospectus Department, or by calling (415) 835-3959. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities nor will there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. About Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) is a real estate investment trust and national direct lender specializing in loan origination and servicing for multifamily, seniors housing, healthcare and other diverse commercial real estate assets. The Company is a Top 10 Fannie Mae DUS® Multifamily Lender by volume and a Top Fannie Mae Small Loan lender, a Freddie Mac Program Plus® Seller/Servicer and the Top Freddie Mac Small Balance Loan Lender, a Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac Seniors Housing Lender, an FHA Multifamily Accelerated Processing (MAP)/LEAN Lender, a HUD-approved LIHTC Lender as well as a CMBS, bridge, mezzanine and preferred equity lender, consistently building on its reputation for service, quality and flexibility. With a fee-based servicing portfolio of over $14 billion, the Company is a primary commercial loan servicer and special servicer rated by Standard & Poor’s with an Above Average rating. The Company is also on the Standard & Poor’s Select Servicer List and is a primary commercial loan servicer and loan level special servicer rated by Fitch Ratings. The Company is externally managed and advised by Arbor Commercial Mortgage, LLC. Safe Harbor Statement Certain items in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, statements relating to the Company’s expectations regarding the anticipated use of the net proceeds from the offering. These statements are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of trends and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. The Company can give no assurance that its expectations will be attained.  Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company’s expectations include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties related to the completion of the public offering on the anticipated terms or at all, market conditions, the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the public offering, and other risks detailed in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and its other reports filed with the SEC. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Company’s expectations with regard thereto or change in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 
Contacts:
                    Arbor Realty Trust, Inc.
                    Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer 
                    516-506-4422
                    pelenio@arbor.com
                    
                    Investors:
                    The Ruth Group
                    Lee Roth
                    646-536-7012
                    lroth@theruthgroup.com
                    
                    Media:
                    Bonnie Habyan, EVP of Marketing
                    516-506-4615
                    bhabyan@arbor.com
                    
 /EIN News/ — CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious AGTC Announces Financial Results and Business Update for the Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 Next PostNext Pittsburgh International becomes first airport to partner with tech innovator Plug and Play to drive innovation Search Recent Posts Konstituering av Aktia Bank Abp:s förvaltningsråd 2017 Aktia Pankki Oyj:n hallintoneuvoston järjestäytyminen 2017 Global and Chinese Motherwort Herb Extract Industry 2017 to 2022 Organising of Aktia Bank plc’s Board of Supervisors 2017 Whitestone, NY Author Publishes Book on Lost Love RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman BD Prices Offerings of $2.25 Billion of Common Stock and $2.25 Billion of Depositary Shares Representing Interests in Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock FRANKLIN LAKES, N.J., May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) (NYSE: BDX) announced today that it has priced its previously announced registered offerings of $2.25 billion of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, at a public offering price of $176.50 per share, and $2.25 billion of depositary shares, each representing a 1/20th interest in a share of 6.125% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A, par value $1.00 per share, at a public offering price of $50.00 per share. Pursuant to the offerings, BD has granted the underwriters an option to purchase from BD up to an additional $225 million of common stock and up to an additional $225 million of depositary shares, in each case at the public offering price per share.   BD intends to use the proceeds from the offerings to finance a portion of the cash consideration payable in connection with BD’s previously announced acquisition of C. R. Bard, Inc. („Bard”) and to pay related fees and expenses. The acquisition is expected to close in the fall of 2017. The closings of these offerings are not conditioned on each other or on the closing of the acquisition. The offerings are expected to close on or about May 16, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.  Each depositary share entitles the holder of such depositary share to a proportional fractional interest in the rights and preferences of the mandatory convertible preferred stock, including conversion, dividend, liquidation and voting rights, subject to the terms of the deposit agreement. Unless previously converted or redeemed, on or around May 1, 2020, each then outstanding share of mandatory convertible preferred stock will automatically convert into between 4.7214 and 5.6657 shares of BD’s common stock (and correspondingly, the conversion rate for each depositary share will be between 0.2361 and 0.2833 shares of BD’s common stock), subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, depending on the volume-weighted average price of BD’s common stock over a 20 consecutive trading day averaging period prior to that date. Dividends on the mandatory convertible preferred stock will be payable on a cumulative basis when, as and if declared by BD’s board of directors, at an annual rate of 6.125% on the initial liquidation preference of $1,000 per share of mandatory convertible preferred stock (equivalent to $61.25 per year per share), on the first business day of each of February, May, August and November of each year, commencing on August 1, 2017 and ending on, and including, May 1, 2020. Currently, no public market exists for the depositary shares. BD applied to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol „BDXA.”  The joint book-running managers for the offering of common stock are Citigroup; J.P. Morgan; Morgan Stanley; Wells Fargo Securities; BNP PARIBAS; MUFG; and Barclays, and the co-managers are Scotiabank; BTIG; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; ING; Loop Capital Markets; and The Williams Capital Group, L.P.  The joint book-running managers for the offering of depositary shares are Citigroup; J.P. Morgan; Morgan Stanley; MUFG; BNP PARIBAS; Barclays; and Wells Fargo Securities, and the co-managers are Standard Chartered Bank; Scotiabank; US Bancorp; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; ING; Loop Capital Markets; and The Williams Capital Group, L.P.  You may obtain a preliminary prospectus supplement for either offering by contacting Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 (Tel: 800-831-9146); J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, toll-free: (866) 803-9204, email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, United States, Attention: Prospectus Dept.; MUFG Securities Americas Inc. by Toll-free Prospectus Request Hotline: (877) 649-6848, email: Prospectus@us.sc.mufg.jp; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attn: Equity Syndicate, 375 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10152, by telephone (800) 326-5897, or by email at cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or purchase or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sales of securities mentioned in this press release in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. A shelf registration statement relating to the common stock and depositary shares, as amended, became effective on May 8, 2017, and the offering is being made by means of a separate prospectus supplement for each offering.  About BD BD is a global medical technology company that is advancing the world of health by improving medical discovery, diagnostics and the delivery of care. BD leads in patient and health care worker safety and the technologies that enable medical research and clinical laboratories. The company provides innovative solutions that help advance medical research and genomics, enhance the diagnosis of infectious disease and cancer, improve medication management, promote infection prevention, equip surgical and interventional procedures, and support the management of diabetes. The company partners with organizations around the world to address some of the most challenging global health issues. BD has nearly 50,000 associates across 50 countries who work in close collaboration with customers and partners to help enhance outcomes, lower health care delivery costs, increase efficiencies, improve health care safety and expand access to health. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains certain estimates and other „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Forward looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as „will”, „expect”, „outlook” „anticipate,” „intend,” „plan,” „believe,” „seek,” „see,” „will,” „would,” „target,” or other similar words, phrases or expressions and variations or negatives of these words.  Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain, such as statements regarding BD’s ability to consummate the financings on the terms described in this press release or at all and the consummation of the Bard acquisition and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are based on the current expectations of BD management and are not predictions of actual performance. These statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties regarding BD and Bard’s respective businesses and the proposed acquisition, and actual results may differ materially.  These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, (i) the ability of the parties to successfully complete the proposed acquisition on anticipated terms and timing, including obtaining required shareholder and regulatory approvals, anticipated tax treatment, unforeseen liabilities, future capital expenditures, revenues, expenses, earnings, synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition, losses, future prospects, business and management strategies for the management, expansion and growth of the new combined company’s operations and other conditions to the completion of the acquisition, (ii) risks relating to the integration of Bard’s operations, products and employees into BD and the possibility that the anticipated synergies and other benefits of the proposed acquisition will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected timeframe, (iii) the outcome of any legal proceedings related to the proposed acquisition, (iv) access to available financing including for the refinancing of BD’s or Bard’s debt on a timely basis and reasonable terms, (v) the ability to market and sell Bard’s products in new markets, including the ability to obtain necessary regulatory product registrations and clearances, (vi) the loss of key senior management or other associates; the anticipated demand for BD’s and Bard’s products, including the risk of future reductions in government healthcare funding, changes in reimbursement rates or changes in healthcare practices that could result in lower utilization rates or pricing pressures, (vii) the impact of competition in the medical device industry, (viii) the risks of fluctuations in interest or foreign currency exchange rates, (ix) product liability claims, (x) difficulties inherent in product development, including the timing or outcome of product development efforts, the ability to obtain regulatory approvals and clearances and the timing and market success of product launches, (xi) risks relating to fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and other sourced products and the ability to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relationships, (xii) successful compliance with governmental regulations applicable to BD, Bard and the combined company, (xiii) changes in regional, national or foreign economic conditions, (xiv) uncertainties of litigation, and (xv) other factors discussed in BD’s and Bard’s respective filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The forward-looking statements in this press release speak only as of date of this announcement.  BD and Bard undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, except as required by applicable laws or regulations. BD Monique Dolecki, Investor Relations – (201) 847-5378 Kristen Cardillo, Corporate Communications – (201) 847-5657 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bd-prices-offerings-of-225-billion-of-common-stock-and-225-billion-of-depositary-shares-representing-interests-in-mandatory-convertible-preferred-stock-300455751.html SOURCE BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) Related Links http://www.bd.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsStock Offering Post navigation Previous PostPrevious BEENIUS AND INFOMIR DEFINING SOLUTION FOR ANDROID STB Next PostNext NY State Personal Injury Lawyer Discusses What Not To Do After A Head Injury Search Recent Posts TeamTalk puts off CityLink fibre capex in deals TeamTalk puts off CityLink fibre capex in deals NZ median house price eases in April, number of sales tumble NZ median house price eases in April, number of sales tumble Readout of Meeting Between U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Israeli Justice Minister Shaked RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Technology News Snap shares plummet as investors mark down first earnings report Snap shares plummet as investors mark down first earnings report Source : Last Updated: Thu, May 11, 2017 06:41 hrs By Anya George Tharakan and David Ingram (Reuters) - Snap Inc shares plunged on Wednesday after the owner of Snapchat reported slowing user growth and revenue in its first earnings report as a public company, missing Wall Street's estimates as it competes with copycat messaging apps. Its shares tumbled 23 percent in after-hours trading to wipe some $6 billion from Snap's market value, a humbling reversal for the company after its red-hot March initial public offering, which was the biggest for a U.S. tech company since Facebook Inc in 2012. The stock fell to $17.66, only just above its IPO price of $17. Some investors were hoping Snap would surprise them with big numbers in its first quarterly report, BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield said. "The fact that they failed to live up to expectations, let alone exceed them, disappointed people," he said. The performance echoed slides in Facebook and Twitter after they posted debut scorecards following their IPOs. Twitter shares cratered 24 percent the next day, while Facebook's tumbled 11 percent, still the biggest-ever one-day losses for both. Snap said its daily active users (DAUs) rose 36.1 percent to 166 million in the first quarter from a year earlier, marking a slowdown from the 47.7 percent rise for the fourth quarter and 62.8 percent jump for the third quarter that the company reported in its IPO filing. JPMorgan had expected Snap's DAUs to hit 169 million in the first quarter, while Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co Inc pegged them even higher at 173 million. Snap's March IPO priced above the company's target range as investors put aside concerns about a lack of profits and voting rights to get a piece of the action. The IPO raised $3.4 billion and gave the company a market valuation of roughly $24 billion, and shares surged 44 percent in their first day of trading. Facebook, which made a $3 billion bid for Snapchat in 2013, has upped the ante by offering camera-related features similar to Snap on its platforms, including Instagram and WhatsApp. The company said in April that Instagram Stories alone had reached 200 million daily active users. Snap Chief Executive Evan Spiegel, who received a stock-based bonus worth nearly $600 million for taking the company public, shrugged off imitations when asked about Facebook by an analyst on a conference call to discuss earnings. "If you want to be a creative company, you've got to get comfortable with and enjoy the fact that people are going to copy your product if you make great stuff," he said. Making a comparison to the search industry, Spiegel added: "Just because Yahoo has a search box doesn't mean they're Google." Snapchat's growth was faster than Facebook, however, which said its overall daily user base grew 18 percent year-over-year in the first quarter, as well as Twitter, which reported growth of 14 percent in DAUs from a year earlier. REVENUE DISAPPOINTMENT Snap's revenue jumped nearly four-fold year-over-year to $149.6 million but fell short of the average analyst forecast of $158 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue was also down from the fourth quarter of 2016, a seasonally stronger period for ad sales, when it was $166 million. Revenue was "a relatively disappointing number," Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser said. "To their credit," he added, "they did guide towards a number that would be lower, which it was." Average revenue per user was 90 cents in the first quarter, Snap said, up from 33 cents the same quarter a year earlier but below the $1.05 per user in the fourth quarter of 2016. Snap's net loss widened to $2.21 billion, or $2.31 per share, in the first quarter, from $104.6 million, or 14 cents per share, due to stock-based compensation related to the IPO. Although the figure of $2 billion in total stock-based compensation was known ahead of time, investors were surprised to see all of it show up in a single quarter rather than spread out over time, said Eric Kim, managing partner at Goodwater Capital. "It is an eye-popping number for sure," he said. Snapchat launched in 2012 as a mobile app that allows users to send photos, known as snaps, that vanish within seconds. The company rebranded as Snap Inc last year, and moved into the hardware space with Spectacles, its colorful sunglasses that record short videos to post on Snapchat. Users created more than 3 billion snaps daily on average during the first quarter, up from more than 2.5 billion during the third quarter of 2016, the company said. Snap receives some revenue from branded or sponsored filters and lenses, but depends on advertising dollars for the bulk of its overall revenue. Digital marketing firm eMarketer in March had trimmed its 2017 U.S. advertising revenue forecast for Snap by $30 million to $770 million, citing higher-than-expected revenue sharing with the company's partners. The total U.S. digital advertising market is meanwhile expected to reach $83 billion, according to eMarketer, up nearly 16 percent from last year. (Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru and David Ingram in San Francisco; Additional reporting by Angela Moon in New York; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Bill Rigby) SEARCH More from Sify: most popular on facebook talking point on sify techtalk most read on sify techtalk Latest News The murder of Umar Fayaz: When a son dies too young A brief guide to official IAS dinners The cost of India-Pakistan enmity Supreme Court declines to unshackle the security forces How Aadhaar centres are illegally charging you MCD Elections: AAP has lessons to learn following humiliating defeat After ban on red beacons, three ideas to abolish VIP culture Will the AIADMK re-unite? More About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MINDBODY Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MINDBODY Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News VMware, Inc. (VMW) Director Egon Durban Sells 666,354 Shares of Stock Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Insider Rakesh Kapoor Sells 58,094 Shares of Stock Match Group Inc (MTCH) Insider Amarnath Thombre Sells 300,000 Shares of Stock MINDBODY Inc (MB) Major Shareholder Luxor Capital Group, Lp Acquires 469,973 Shares of Stock Pax World Management LLC Has $2,243,000 Stake in Lamb Weston Holdings Inc (LW) 13,600 Shares in Sun Communities Inc (SUI) Acquired by Neuburgh Advisers LLC Neuburgh Advisers LLC Decreases Stake in Murphy Oil Co. (MUR) Civitas Solutions Inc (CIVI) Releases Earnings Results 15,444 Shares in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Acquired by Neuburgh Advisers LLC Old Republic International Co. (ORI) Shares Sold by Wedbush Securities Inc. Wade G W & Inc. Acquires Shares of 8,865 XL Group Ltd. (XL) e.l.f. Beauty Inc (ELF) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS Neuburgh Advisers LLC Buys 10,890 Shares of Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Grp, Inc. (SMFG) Position Held by Neuburgh Advisers LLC Analysts Set Monogram Residential Trust Inc (MORE) Target Price at $11.33 Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Global Blood Therapeutics Inc (GBT) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set Copart, Inc. (CPRT) Target Price at $46.00 YorkBridge Wealth Partners LLC Has $357,000 Stake in SAP SE (SAP) Parkwood LLC Acquires 16,225 Shares of Flotek Industries Inc (FTK) MINDBODY Inc (MB) Major Shareholder Luxor Capital Group, Lp Acquires 469,973 Shares of Stock May 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet MINDBODY Inc (NASDAQ:MB) major shareholder Luxor Capital Group, Lp bought 469,973 shares of MINDBODY stock in a transaction on Friday, May 5th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $25.46 per share, for a total transaction of $11,965,512.58. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Major shareholders that own at least 10% of a company’s stock are required to disclose their sales and purchases with the SEC. MINDBODY Inc (NASDAQ:MB) traded up 0.20% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $25.40. The company had a trading volume of 488,311 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $27.38 and a 200 day moving average price of $24.22. MINDBODY Inc has a 12-month low of $12.99 and a 12-month high of $29.75. The stock’s market cap is $1.04 billion. MINDBODY (NASDAQ:MB) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The technology company reported ($0.03) EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.05) by $0.02. MINDBODY had a negative net margin of 16.53% and a negative return on equity of 22.49%. The business had revenue of $42.20 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $42.09 million. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned ($0.12) earnings per share. MINDBODY’s revenue was up 31.9% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that MINDBODY Inc will post ($0.13) EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “MINDBODY Inc (MB) Major Shareholder Luxor Capital Group, Lp Acquires 469,973 Shares of Stock” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/10/mindbody-inc-mb-major-shareholder-luxor-capital-group-lp-acquires-469973-shares-of-stock.html. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Luxor Capital Group LP boosted its stake in MINDBODY by 1,168.8% in the fourth quarter. Luxor Capital Group LP now owns 4,167,998 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $88,778,000 after buying an additional 3,839,489 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of MINDBODY by 439.4% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,225,145 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $33,630,000 after buying an additional 998,004 shares during the last quarter. Capital World Investors boosted its position in shares of MINDBODY by 573.1% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 1,001,276 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $19,685,000 after buying an additional 852,515 shares during the last quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its position in shares of MINDBODY by 10.9% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 636,800 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $13,564,000 after buying an additional 62,600 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Columbus Circle Investors boosted its position in shares of MINDBODY by 7.0% in the first quarter. Columbus Circle Investors now owns 544,814 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $14,955,000 after buying an additional 35,691 shares during the last quarter. 81.13% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. A number of analysts have recently issued reports on MB shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered MINDBODY from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday. Credit Suisse Group AG lifted their target price on MINDBODY from $27.00 to $31.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Morgan Stanley lifted their target price on MINDBODY from $27.00 to $29.00 and gave the stock an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Pacific Crest lowered MINDBODY from an “overweight” rating to a “sector weight” rating in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Finally, JMP Securities reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $32.00 target price on shares of MINDBODY in a research report on Monday, April 17th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $27.44. MINDBODY Company Profile MINDBODY, Inc is a provider of cloud-based business management software for the wellness services industry and operates as a consumer marketplace with local business subscribers on its platform. The Company’s subscribers provide a range of wellness services to active consumers. Its integrated software and payments platform helps business owners in the wellness services industry run, market and build their businesses. Receive News & Ratings for MINDBODY Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MINDBODY Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Snap shares plummet as investors mark down first earnings report Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Snap shares plummet as investors mark down first earnings report Advertisement Business Snap shares plummet as investors mark down first earnings report Snap Inc shares plunged on Wednesday after the owner of Snapchat reported slowing user growth and revenue in its first earnings report as a public company, missing some Wall Street estimates as it competes with copycat messaging apps. Traders gather at the post where Snap Inc. is traded on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 6, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid 2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery. 11 May 2017 08:20AM (Updated: 11 May 2017 11:45AM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail REUTERS: Snap Inc shares plunged on Wednesday after the owner of Snapchat reported slowing user growth and revenue in its first earnings report as a public company, missing some Wall Street estimates as it competes with copycat messaging apps. Shares tumbled 23 percent in after-hours trading to wipe some US$6 billion from Snap's market value, a reversal for the company after a red-hot March initial public offering that was the biggest for a U.S. tech company since Facebook Inc's 2012 debut. The stock fell to US$17.66, just above its IPO price of US$17. Some investors were hoping Snap would surprise them with big numbers in its first quarterly report, BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield said. "The fact that they failed to live up to expectations, let alone exceed them, disappointed people," he said. Advertisement Advertisement The performance echoed slides in Facebook and Twitter after they posted debut scorecards following their IPOs. Twitter shares cratered 24 percent the next day, while Facebook's tumbled 11 percent, still the biggest-ever one-day losses for both. Snap Chief Executive Evan Spiegel sought to reassure investors during an earnings call, fielding a dozen questions that ranged from strategy to how it would deal with competitors. He also did not shy away from one query that allowed him to take a feisty jab at Facebook. "If you want to be a creative company, you've got to get comfortable with and enjoy the fact that people are going to copy your product if you make great stuff," he said. Making a comparison to the search industry, Spiegel added: "Just because Yahoo has a search box doesn't mean they're Google." Snap said its daily active users (DAUs) rose 36.1 percent to 166 million in the first quarter from a year earlier, marking a slowdown from the 47.7 percent rise for the fourth quarter and 62.8 percent jump for the third quarter that the company reported in its IPO filing. The slowing rate of growth was in line with an estimate from JPMorgan, which accurately expected 166 million DAUs for the first quarter. Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co Inc had pegged them even higher at 173 million. Snap's March IPO priced above the company's target range as investors put aside concerns about a lack of profits and voting rights to get a piece of the action. The IPO raised US$3.4 billion and gave the company a market valuation of roughly US$24 billion, and shares surged 44 percent in their first day of trading. Facebook, which made a US$3 billion bid for Snapchat in 2013, has upped the ante by offering camera-related features similar to Snap on its platforms, including Instagram and WhatsApp. The company said in April that Instagram Stories alone had reached 200 million daily active users. Snapchat's growth was faster than Facebook, however, which said its overall daily user base grew 18 percent year-over-year in the first quarter, as well as Twitter, which reported growth of 14 percent in DAUs from a year earlier. REVENUE DISAPPOINTMENT Like many other Silicon Valley businesses, Snap is closely tied to its young founders. Spiegel, who received a stock-based bonus worth nearly US$600 million for taking the company public, is 26, and co-founder and Chief Technology Officer Bobby Murphy is 28. The company, though, has brought on others with more experience, including Chairman Michael Lynton, former chief executive of Sony Corp's movie and music businesses. A lot is riding on Spiegel to build products that delight people, said analyst Greenfield. "The future of Snapchat is on Evan Spiegel and his team to out-innovate everyone else. Time will tell whether that's possible," he added. Snap's revenue jumped nearly four-fold year-over-year to US$149.6 million but fell short of the average analyst forecast of US$158 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue was also down from the fourth quarter of 2016, a seasonally stronger period for ad sales, when it was US$166 million. Revenue was "a relatively disappointing number," Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser said. "To their credit," he added, "they did guide towards a number that would be lower, which it was." Average revenue per user was 90 cents in the first quarter, Snap said, up from 33 cents the same quarter a year earlier but below the US$1.05 per user in the fourth quarter of 2016. Snap's net loss widened to US$2.21 billion, or US$2.31 per share, in the first quarter, from US$104.6 million, or 14 cents per share, due to stock-based compensation related to the IPO. Although the figure of US$2 billion in total stock-based compensation was known ahead of time, investors were surprised to see all of it show up in a single quarter rather than spread out over time, said Eric Kim, managing partner at Goodwater Capital. "It is an eye-popping number for sure," he said. Snapchat launched in 2012 as a mobile app that allows users to send photos, known as snaps, that vanish within seconds. The company rebranded as Snap Inc last year, and moved into the hardware space with Spectacles, its colorful sunglasses that record short videos to post on Snapchat. Users created more than 3 billion snaps daily on average during the first quarter, up from more than 2.5 billion during the third quarter of 2016, the company said. Snap receives some revenue from branded or sponsored filters and lenses, but depends on advertising dollars for the bulk of its overall revenue. Digital marketing firm eMarketer in March had trimmed its 2017 U.S. advertising revenue forecast for Snap by US$30 million to US$770 million, citing higher-than-expected revenue sharing with the company's partners. The total U.S. digital advertising market is meanwhile expected to reach US$83 billion, according to eMarketer, up nearly 16 percent from last year. (Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru and David Ingram in San Francisco; Additional reporting by Angela Moon in New York; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Bill Rigby and Miral Fahmy) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Business Home LBoard COMMENT Is Malaysia going upside-down? Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Snap shares plummet as investors mark down first earnings report Reuters | May 11, 2017 The performance echoed slides in Facebook and Twitter after they posted debut scorecards following their IPOs. NEW YORK: Snap Inc shares plunged on Wednesday after the owner of Snapchat reported slowing user growth and revenue in its first earnings report as a public company, missing Wall Street’s estimates as it competes with copycat messaging apps. Its shares tumbled 23% in after-hours trading to wipe some US$6 billion from Snap’s market value, a humbling reversal for the company after its red-hot March initial public offering, which was the biggest for a US tech company since Facebook Inc in 2012. The stock fell to US$17.66, only just above its IPO price of US$17. Some investors were hoping Snap would surprise them with big numbers in its first quarterly report, BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield said. “The fact that they failed to live up to expectations, let alone exceed them, disappointed people,” he said. The performance echoed slides in Facebook and Twitter after they posted debut scorecards following their IPOs. Twitter shares cratered 24% the next day, while Facebook’s tumbled 11%, still the biggest-ever one-day losses for both. Snap said its daily active users (DAUs) rose 36.1% to 166 million in the first quarter from a year earlier, marking a slowdown from the 47.7% rise for the fourth quarter and 62.8% jump for the third quarter that the company reported in its IPO filing. JPMorgan had expected Snap’s DAUs to hit 169 million in the first quarter, while Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co Inc pegged them even higher at 173 million. Snap’s March IPO priced above the company’s target range as investors put aside concerns about a lack of profits and voting rights to get a piece of the action. The IPO raised US$3.4 billion and gave the company a market valuation of roughly US$24 billion, and shares surged 44% in their first day of trading. Facebook, which made a US$3 billion bid for Snapchat in 2013, has upped the ante by offering camera-related features similar to Snap on its platforms, including Instagram and WhatsApp. The company said in April that Instagram Stories alone had reached 200 million daily active users. Snap Chief Executive Evan Spiegel, who received a stock-based bonus worth nearly US$600 million for taking the company public, shrugged off imitations when asked about Facebook by an analyst on a conference call to discuss earnings. “If you want to be a creative company, you’ve got to get comfortable with and enjoy the fact that people are going to copy your product if you make great stuff,” he said. Making a comparison to the search industry, Spiegel added: “Just because Yahoo has a search box doesn’t mean they’re Google.” Snapchat’s growth was faster than Facebook, however, which said its overall daily user base grew 18% year-over-year in the first quarter, as well as Twitter, which reported growth of 14 percent in DAUs from a year earlier. Revenue disappointment Snap’s revenue jumped nearly four-fold year-over-year to US$149.6 million but fell short of the average analyst forecast of US$158 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue was also down from the fourth quarter of 2016, a seasonally stronger period for ad sales, when it was US$166 million. Revenue was “a relatively disappointing number,” Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser said. “To their credit,” he added, “they did guide towards a number that would be lower, which it was.” Average revenue per user was 90 cents in the first quarter, Snap said, up from 33 cents the same quarter a year earlier but below the US$1.05 per user in the fourth quarter of 2016. Snap’s net loss widened to US$2.21 billion, or US$2.31 per share, in the first quarter, from US$104.6 million, or 14 cents per share, due to stock-based compensation related to the IPO. Although the figure of US$2 billion in total stock-based compensation was known ahead of time, investors were surprised to see all of it show up in a single quarter rather than spread out over time, said Eric Kim, managing partner at Goodwater Capital. “It is an eye-popping number for sure,” he said. Snapchat launched in 2012 as a mobile app that allows users to send photos, known as snaps, that vanish within seconds. The company rebranded as Snap Inc last year, and moved into the hardware space with Spectacles, its colorful sunglasses that record short videos to post on Snapchat. Users created more than 3 billion snaps daily on average during the first quarter, up from more than 2.5 billion during the third quarter of 2016, the company said. Snap receives some revenue from branded or sponsored filters and lenses, but depends on advertising dollars for the bulk of its overall revenue. Digital marketing firm eMarketer in March had trimmed its 2017 US advertising revenue forecast for Snap by US$30 million to US$770 million, citing higher-than-expected revenue sharing with the company’s partners. The total US digital advertising market is meanwhile expected to reach US$83 billion, according to eMarketer, up nearly 16% from last year. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Hatchlings raise hope for Cambodia’s endangered ‘Royal Turtle’ Sanchez keeps Arsenal in top-four hunt ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News India asks Interpol to issue red corner notice against Zakir Amanah: More to Bandar Malaysia deal collapse than meets the ‘Wrong way’ teen driver acquitted of drug charge The 10% Bandar Malaysia refund to save 1MDB Sarawak state assemblyman disqualified over Aussie… Umno to get new HQ in 70-storey tower A Bible and a cell: A new life for Jakarta’s… Kit Siang: DAP ‘anti-Malay’? Seriously? 1MDB critics freed of sabotaging nation’s banking… Najib, Hadi bertemu di KL sebelum PAS putus hubungan PKR? ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Is Malaysia going upside-down? The 10% Bandar Malaysia refund to save 1MDB It’s clear that deportation of three Turks is to please Turkey’s president It’s doubtful that Umno can master social media Tragedi sebenar Wanddy Are the Chinese steering clear of Malaysia? More... FMT Bahasa Pihak berkuasa serbu pejabat JJPTR di Pulau Pinang ‘Sekolah Dalam Hospital’ elak pelajar sakit tercicir pelajaran Exco PAS, MB Selangor masih ‘mesra’ selepas putus hubungan Pengkritik 1MDB bebas dakwaan sabotaj sistem perbankan negara Bagi rasuah RM101, penganggur dipenjara 6 bulan, denda RM10,000 Video rakam detik warga Turki ditahan di Malaysia More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alkermes Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alkermes Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Douglas A. Michels Sells 209,800 Shares of OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Stock Alkermes Plc (ALKS) Director Richard F. Pops Sells 25,000 Shares Lantheus Holdings Inc (LNTH) Major Shareholder Sells $40,200,000.00 in Stock Jean-Baptiste Rudelle Sells 57,845 Shares of Criteo SA (CRTO) Stock Royal Gold, Inc (RGLD) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.02 EPS Brokerages Set Potlatch Co. (PCH) Target Price at $45.00 Analysts Set Amerisur Resources plc (AMER) PT at $32.40 Alcentra Capital Corp (ABDC) Receives $13.67 Average Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Amdocs Limited (DOX) Target Price at $64.20 Analysts Set Mimecast Ltd (MIME) Target Price at $27.78 SkyWest, Inc. Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 (SKYW) TCP Capital Corp Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 (TCPC) New Mountain Finance Corp. to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.34 (NMFC) RNC Capital Management LLC Has $245,000 Stake in Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) CSRA Inc (CSRA) Shares Bought by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC WESCO International, Inc. (WCC) Shares Bought by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Gabelli Funds LLC Lowers Position in Franklin Electric Co. (FELE) Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Cuts Position in Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Gabelli Funds LLC Maintains Position in Quidel Co. (QDEL) Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOX) Shares Bought by Gabelli Funds LLC Alkermes Plc (ALKS) Director Richard F. Pops Sells 25,000 Shares May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Alkermes Plc (NASDAQ:ALKS) Director Richard F. Pops sold 25,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $57.29, for a total transaction of $1,432,250.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 655,406 shares in the company, valued at approximately $37,548,209.74. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Shares of Alkermes Plc (NASDAQ:ALKS) traded down 0.59% on Thursday, hitting $57.38. Alkermes Plc has a 1-year low of $36.71 and a 1-year high of $62.50. The firm’s market capitalization is $8.79 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $57.97 and its 200-day moving average is $56.64. Alkermes Plc (NASDAQ:ALKS) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The company reported ($0.31) EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.24) by $0.07. Alkermes Plc had a negative return on equity of 12.75% and a negative net margin of 36.92%. The company had revenue of $191.80 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $195.79 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned ($0.16) earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 22.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that Alkermes Plc will post ($0.03) earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “Alkermes Plc (ALKS) Director Richard F. Pops Sells 25,000 Shares” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/alkermes-plc-alks-director-richard-f-pops-sells-25000-shares.html. Several equities research analysts have commented on the company. Cowen and Company restated a “positive” rating and issued a $65.00 price objective on shares of Alkermes Plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Cantor Fitzgerald restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $51.00 price objective on shares of Alkermes Plc in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. TheStreet upgraded Alkermes Plc from a “d+” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $78.00 price objective on Alkermes Plc and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $70.00 price objective on shares of Alkermes Plc in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $63.55. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Turner Investments LLC increased its position in Alkermes Plc by 13.6% in the first quarter. Turner Investments LLC now owns 25,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,463,000 after buying an additional 3,000 shares during the last quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC increased its position in Alkermes Plc by 11.8% in the first quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 155,311 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,086,000 after buying an additional 16,354 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its position in Alkermes Plc by 0.4% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 22,882,118 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,338,604,000 after buying an additional 86,546 shares during the last quarter. United Services Automobile Association increased its position in Alkermes Plc by 1.7% in the first quarter. United Services Automobile Association now owns 185,800 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,869,000 after buying an additional 3,106 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Van ECK Associates Corp increased its position in Alkermes Plc by 6.2% in the first quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp now owns 194,592 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,384,000 after buying an additional 11,353 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 95.52% of the company’s stock. About Alkermes Plc Alkermes plc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in the researching, developing and commercializing pharmaceutical products that are designed to address medical needs of patients in therapeutic areas. The Company has a portfolio of marketed drug products and a clinical pipeline of products that address central nervous system (CNS) disorders, such as schizophrenia, depression, addiction and multiple sclerosis (MS). Receive News & Ratings for Alkermes Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alkermes Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results MADISON HEIGHTS, Mich., May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. (NYSE MKT: INFU) („InfuSystem” or the „Company”), a leading national provider of infusion pumps and related services for the healthcare industry in the United States and Canada, today reported financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. First Quarter 2017 Overview: Net revenues totaled $17.7 million, a decrease of 3.5%, compared to the first quarter 2016 net revenues of $18.3 million; Product sales increased $0.7 million, or 39.4%, to $2.5 million, compared to the first quarter of 2016; Gross profit was $10.6 million, a decrease of $1.9 million, or 15.2%, compared to the first quarter of 2016; Gross margin was 60.3%, compared to 68.6% for the first quarter of 2016; General and administrative („G&A”) expenses decreased $0.2 million, or 3.1%, to $6.5 million, compared to the first quarter of 2016; Provision for doubtful accounts („Bad Debt”) increased $0.1 million, to $1.8 million, compared to the first quarter of 2016, including $0.3 million in additional reserves related to delayed collections due to changed billing practices following SE1609 announced last year by Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services („CMS”); Net loss was $1.5 million, or $0.07 per diluted share, compared to the first quarter of 2016 net income of $0.0 million, or $0.00 per diluted share; Net collected revenues (a non-GAAP financial measure) decreased 4.5%, to $15.8 million, compared to the first quarter of 2016; Adjusted EBITDA (a non-GAAP financial measure) decreased 56.5% to $1.4 million, compared the first quarter of 2016; and The reengineering of our billing and collections process led to a record level of pump billings in the first quarter of 2017 despite having 25% less staff in the billing and collections group. Management Discussion Eric K. Steen, chief executive officer of InfuSystem, said, „While the first quarter is historically our slowest period, the financial performance in the first quarter of 2017 was a disappointment due to the continued effects of the CMS issued ruling SE1609. The first quarter saw the impact of amortizing our Electronic Connectivity software solutions, including EMR integration, Infu EXPRESS, Infu-Track, Pump Portal and Block Pain Dashboard. In February, we leveraged our Infu EXPRESS system with a reorganization and reduction in force in our billing and collection area. We completed the quarterly close with 25% less staff and expect to see the cost savings from this total reduction in force of approximately $1.0 million, on an annual basis, beginning in the second quarter of 2017. Net revenues decreased 3.5% to $17.7 million, partially due to the continued impact of SE1609, and we reported a net loss of $1.5 million, or $0.07 per diluted share, for the first quarter of 2017, which included additional amortization for completed IT developments.” Mr. Steen continued, „With the Infu EXPRESS rollout completed, we are increasing our focus on cash collections. We are incenting our sales force to assist in contracting and collecting from our clinic customers with our new direct billing model, shifting resources to denial analysis, denial management, and contract compliance for our commercial insurance payors, and outsourcing collection efforts for our aged receivables for all insurance carriers and patients.” Mr. Steen concluded, „We will continue to focus on leveraging the investments made in our information technology („IT”) systems to drive cash collections and operational efficiencies. We are also committed to limiting our capital expenditures, selling expenses, and paying down debt to strengthen our balance sheet.” First Quarter Results Net revenues in the first quarter of 2017 were $17.7 million, a decrease of $0.6 million, or 3.5%, compared to $18.3 million in the first quarter of 2016. During the first quarter of 2017, net revenues from rentals decreased $1.4 million, or 8.2%, compared to the same prior year period.  Comparisons to prior year must take into account: (i) changed practices and reduced billing rates due to the CMS SE1609 regulatory change; (ii) continuing adjustments relating to implementation of our new IT platform Infu EXPRESS, which was implemented coincident to the SE1609 changes in the middle of last year; and (iii) the one-time effects of the restructuring of our billing and collection function in the first quarter of 2017. Net revenues from product sales for the first quarter of 2017 were $2.5 million, an increase of $0.7 million, or 39.4%, compared to the same period of 2016. The Company is focused on net collected rental revenues, or net revenues from rentals less provision for doubtful accounts (a non-GAAP financial measure), which was $13.3 million in the first quarter of 2017, a decrease of 9.9%, compared to $14.7 million in the first quarter of 2016. Bad Debt for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was $1.8 million, an increase of $0.1 million, or 6.2%, compared to $1.7 million for the first quarter of 2016. Bad Debt was 10.5% of revenues for the first quarter of 2017, compared to 9.5% for the same prior year period. This change is largely due to increased reserves for amounts uncollected following the Company’s implementation, on July 1, 2016, of revised billing practices required by SE1609. The Company now directly bills providers and not third-party payors for SE1609 related services. Because this is a dramatic change from prior practices, we have experienced a delay in providers acknowledging and paying under the new model. The Company has adopted the practice of reserving for all accounts receivable aged more than 90 days, but nonetheless expects to eventually collect substantially all the amounts billed under the post-SE1609 policies. Gross profit for the first quarter of 2017 was $10.6 million, a decrease of 15.2%, compared to $12.6 million for the same prior year period. As a percentage of net revenues, gross profit equaled 60.3% of total net revenues in the first quarter of 2017 compared to 68.6% in the prior year’s comparable quarter. The decrease in gross profit for the first quarter of 2017 was mainly due to the decrease in net revenues for the period plus an increase of $0.6 million in product and supply costs, $0.3 million in disposables sold, $0.2 million in service costs and $0.2 million in the costs of pumps sold. For the first of quarter of 2017, G&A expenses were $6.5 million, a decrease of $0.2 million, or 3.1%, compared to $6.7 million for the same prior year period. The decrease in G&A expenses for the first quarter of 2017 versus the same prior year period was mainly attributable to decreases in services expense of $0.3 million, salaries of $0.2 million and $0.1 million each for stock compensation expense and other expenses, offset mainly by an increase in spending on IT of $0.5 million. Other expenses for the first quarter of 2017 were $0.4 million compared to $0.3 million for the same period in 2016. Selling and marketing expenses for the 2017 first quarter were $2.9 million compared to $2.8 million for the first quarter of 2016. This increase was largely attributable to an increase in sales commissions of $0.4 million, which was partially offset by decreases in advertising & promotions of $0.2 million and travel expenses of $0.1 million. The net loss in the first quarter of 2017 was $1.5 million, or $0.07 per diluted share, compared to net income of $0.0 million, or income of $0.00 per diluted share, in the same prior year period. Adjusted net loss, excluding non-recurring items (a non-GAAP financial measure), was $1.4 million, or $0.06 per diluted share, compared to adjusted net income of $0.1 million, or $0.00 per diluted share, for the same prior year period. For the first quarter of 2017, adjusted EBITDA (a non-GAAP financial measure) was $1.4 million, a decrease of 56.5%, compared to $3.3 million for the same period in 2016. The Company utilizes adjusted net (loss) income and adjusted EBITDA as a means to measure its operating performance. A reconciliation from GAAP operating measures to adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA, both non-GAAP measures, can be found in the appendix attached to this press release. Adjustments during the first quarter of 2017 included, among other adjustments, expenses for severance related to the restructuring of our billings/collections function, costs associated with shareholder litigation and costs associated with our financial restatements in 2016. Financial Condition Net cash used in operations for the first quarter of 2017, was $1.4 million compared to net cash provided by operations of $0.3 million for the same prior year period. This increase is due to higher amounts of non-cash expenses (such as deferred income taxes) in the current period, as well as an increase in accounts payable and other liabilities. The Company reduced its investment in medical equipment during the quarter to zero in anticipation of increasing utilization on available assets. As of March 31, 2017, the Company maintained cash and cash equivalents of $0.2 million and had $8.3 million of net availability under its revolving credit facility compared to $3.4 million of cash and cash equivalents and $9.9 million of net availability, respectively, at December 31, 2016. As of March 31, 2017, the Company did not meet one of its debt covenants on its $32 million Term Loan A with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the „Lender”). The Company has obtained a waiver of this violation, which will be filed on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Conference Call The Company will conduct a conference call for investors on Friday, May 12, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time to discuss first quarter results. The balance sheet presentation is preliminary and will not be final until the Company’s Form 10-Q is filed for the first quarter of 2017. Eric K. Steen, chief executive officer, Jan Skonieczny, chief operating officer, Christopher Downs, interim chief financial officer, and Trent Smith, chief accounting officer will discuss the Company’s financial performance and answer questions from the financial community. The conference call may also include discussion of Company developments, forward-looking statements and other material information about business and financial matters. To participate in this call, please dial in toll-free (800) 446-2782 and use the confirmation number 44914783. Additionally, a Web replay will be available on the Company’s website for 90 days. Non-GAAP Measures This press release contains information prepared in conformity with GAAP as well as non-GAAP financial information. The Company believes that the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this press release provide useful information to the Company’s management, investors, and other interested parties about the Company’s operating performance because they allow them to understand and compare the Company’s operating results during the current periods to the prior year periods in a more consistent manner. It is management’s intent to provide non-GAAP financial information in order to enhance readers’ understanding of its consolidated financial information as prepared in accordance with GAAP. This non-GAAP information should be considered by the reader in addition to, but not instead of, the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Each non-GAAP financial measure and the corresponding GAAP financial measures are presented so as to not imply that more emphasis should be placed on the non-GAAP measure. The non-GAAP financial information presented may be determined or calculated differently by other companies. Additional information about non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included later in this release. About InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. is a leading provider of infusion pumps and related services to hospitals, oncology practices and other alternate site healthcare providers. Headquartered in Madison Heights, Michigan, the Company delivers local, field-based customer support and also operates Centers of Excellence in Michigan, Kansas, California, Texas, Georgia and Ontario, Canada. The Company’s stock is traded on the NYSE MKT under the symbol INFU. Forward-Looking Statements The financial results in this press release reflect preliminary results, which are not final until the Company’s Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2017 is filed. In addition, certain statements contained in this press release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the „Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the „Exchange Act”). The words „believe,” „may,” „will,” „estimate,” „continue,” „anticipate,” „intend,” „should,” „plan,” „expect,” „strategy,” „future,” „likely,” variations of such words, and other similar expressions, as they relate to the Company, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. However, the absence of these words or similar expressions does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to future actions, business plans, objectives and prospects, future operating or financial performance, including the preliminary financial results contained in this press release and the Company’s ability to obtain an amendment to its Term Loan A. In connection with the „safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Company is identifying certain factors that could cause actual results to differ, perhaps materially, from those indicated by these forward-looking statements. Those factors, risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the Company’s ability to obtain an amendment to its Term Loan A, the classification of outstanding debt under the Term Loan A, potential changes in overall healthcare reimbursement, including CMS competitive bidding, sequestration, concentration of customers, increased focus on early detection of cancer, competitive treatments, dependency on Medicare Supplier Number, availability of chemotherapy drugs, global financial conditions, changes and enforcement of state and federal laws, natural forces, competition, dependency on suppliers, risks in acquisitions & joint ventures, U.S. Healthcare Reform, relationships with healthcare professionals and organizations, technological changes related to infusion therapy, dependency on websites and intellectual property, the ability of the Company to successfully integrate acquired businesses, dependency on key personnel, dependency on banking relations and covenants, and other risks associated with our common stock, as well as any litigation to which the Company may be involved in from time to time; and other risk factors as discussed in the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and in other filings made by the Company from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Our annual report on Form 10-K is available on the SEC’s EDGAR website at www.sec.gov, and a copy may also be obtained by contacting the Company. All forward-looking statements made in this press release speak only as of the date hereof. We do not intend, and do not undertake any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances after the date of such statements, except as required by law. Additional information about InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. is available at www.infusystem.com. CONTACT: Joe Dorame, Joe Diaz & Robert Blum Lytham Partners, LLC 602-889-9700 FINANCIAL TABLES FOLLOW  INFUSYSTEM HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SELECTED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET STATISTICS March 31, December 31, (in thousands) 2017 2016 (Unaudited) Balance Sheet Data:            Cash and Cash equivalents $             194 $             3,398            Accounts Receivable, net 12,079 11,581            Total Assets 91,893 96,344            Total Debt (including capital leases) 35,206 37,402            Total Stockholders’ Equity $        49,634 $           50,689 INFUSYSTEM HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) Three Months Ended (in thousands, except share and per share data) March 31 2017 2016 Net revenues:  Rentals $     15,137 $     16,488 Product Sales 2,517 1,806 Net revenues 17,654 18,294 Cost of revenues: Cost of revenues — Product, service and supply costs  4,536 3,506 Cost of revenues — Pump depreciation and disposals  2,469 2,231 Gross profit  10,649 12,557 Selling, general and administrative expenses: Provision for doubtful accounts  1,856 1,747 Amortization of intangibles  1,411 912 Selling and marketing  2,886 2,815 General and administrative  6,465 6,669 Total selling, general and administrative 12,618 12,143 Operating (loss) income (1,969) 414 Other (expense) income: Interest expense  (328) (305) Other (expense) income (37) 20 Total other expense (365) (285) (Loss) income before income taxes  (2,334) 129 Income tax benefit (expense) 856 (88) Net (loss) income $      (1,478) $            41 Net (loss) income  per share: Basic  $        (0.07) $         0.00 Diluted  $        (0.07) $         0.00 Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic  22,680,562 22,548,538 Diluted  22,680,562 23,039,256 INFUSYSTEM HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) Three Months Ended March 31 (in thousands) 2017 2016   NET CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES  $  (1,442) $      337   INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchase of medical equipment and property (1,015) (3,274) Proceeds from sale of medical equipment and property 1,525 884   NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES  510 (2,390)   FINANCING ACTIVITIES Principal payments on revolving credit facility, term loans and capital lease obligations (6,413) (15,369) Cash proceeds from revolving credit facility 4,099 17,081 Debt issuance costs (25) – Common stock repurchased to satisfy statutory withholding on employee stock based compensation plans (20) (33) Cash proceeds from stock plans 87 125   NET CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES  (2,272) 1,804 Net change in cash and cash equivalents  (3,204) (249) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period  3,398 818 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period  $      194 $      569 INFUSYSTEM HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES GAAP TO NON-GAAP RECONCILIATION (UNAUDITED) NET (LOSS) INCOME TO ADJUSTED EBITDA: Three Months Ended March 31, (in thousands) 2017 2016 GAAP net (loss) income $ (1,478) $      41 Adjustments:   Interest expense 328 305   Income tax (benefit) expense (856) 88   Depreciation 1,707 1,643   Amortization 1,411 912 GAAP EBITDA $  1,112 $ 2,989 Stock compensation 140 213 Restatement costs 28 – Shareholder legal costs 24 – Management reorganization/transition costs 134 100 Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA $  1,438 $ 3,302 INFUSYSTEM HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES GAAP TO NON-GAAP RECONCILIATION (CONTINUED) (UNAUDITED) NET (LOSS) INCOME TO ADJUSTED NET (LOSS) INCOME: Three Months Ended March 31, (in thousands) 2017 2016 GAAP net (loss) income $      (1,478) $             41 Adjustments:   Restatement costs 28 –   Shareholder legal costs 24 –   Management reorganization/transition costs 134 100   Income tax (benefit) expense (856) 88 (Loss) income before income taxes – adjusted $      (2,148) $           229 Income tax benefit (expense) relating to adjustments (1) 788 (156) Non-GAAP adjusted net (loss) income  $      (1,360) $             73 RECONCILIATION OF GAAP NET (LOSS) INCOME PER DILUTED COMMON SHARE TO NON-GAAP ADJUSTED NET (LOSS) INCOME PER DILUTED COMMON SHARE GAAP net (loss) income per diluted common share: $        (0.07) $          0.00 Adjustments:   Restatement costs 0.00 –   Shareholder legal costs 0.00 –   Management reorganization/transition costs 0.01 0.00 Non-GAAP net (loss) income per diluted common share: $        (0.06) $          0.00 Weighted average shares outstanding:                                  Basic 22,680,562 22,548,538                                  Diluted 22,680,562 23,039,256 (1) Rate used to calculate income tax benefit (expense) for the periods was the Company’s effective tax rate before adjustments. INFUSYSTEM HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES GAAP TO NON-GAAP RECONCILIATION (CONTINUED) (UNAUDITED) NET COLLECTED REVENUES Three Months Ended March 31, (in thousands) 2017 2016 Net Revenues:   Rentals $   15,137 $   16,488   Product sales 2,517 1,806     Total Net Revenues 17,654 18,294 Adjustments:    Less:  Provision for Doubtful Accounts (1,856) (1,747) Non-GAAP total – net collected revenues – adjusted $ 15,798 $ 16,547 NET COLLECTED RENTAL REVENUES Three Months Ended March 31, (in thousands) 2017 2016 Net Revenues:   Rentals $   15,137 $   16,488 Adjustments:    Less:  Provision for Doubtful Accounts (1,856) (1,747) Non-GAAP total – net collected rental revenues – adjusted $ 13,281 $ 14,741 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/infusystem-holdings-inc-reports-first-quarter-2017-financial-results-300456439.html SOURCE InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. Related Links http://www.infusystem.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsConference Call Announcements, Earnings Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Les meilleurs experts internationaux se réunissent pour comprendre les multiples visages du cancer Next PostNext Mercy Patients Participate in Nationwide Cancer Study Search Recent Posts TeamTalk puts off CityLink fibre capex in deals TeamTalk puts off CityLink fibre capex in deals NZ median house price eases in April, number of sales tumble NZ median house price eases in April, number of sales tumble Readout of Meeting Between U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Israeli Justice Minister Shaked RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FleetCor Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FleetCor Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Acquires 2,434 Shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $5.077 Million Stake in AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Shares Bought by Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Comerica Bank Lowers Stake in Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) Brave Asset Management Inc. Cuts Stake in BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) Stake Increased by Brave Asset Management Inc. Ameren Corp (AEE) Stake Lowered by Comerica Bank Comerica Bank Has $5.877 Million Position in Westar Energy Inc (WR) Cambiar Investors LLC Reduces Stake in Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Comerica Bank Acquires 416 Shares of FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) Talend SA (TLND) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Cyberark Software Ltd (CYBR) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Brokerages Anticipate City Office REIT Inc (CIO) to Post $0.22 Earnings Per Share DavidsTea Inc (DTEA) Receives $8.50 Average Price Target from Analysts WhiteWave Foods Co (WWAV) Receives $54.78 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set Ubiquiti Networks Inc (UBNT) Target Price at $46.25 Citigroup Inc (C) Receives $63.97 Average Price Target from Analysts Hilltop Holdings Inc. (HTH) Downgraded to Neutral at Piper Jaffray Companies Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Ciner Resources LP (CINR) to Sell General Dynamics Co. (GD) Receives Mkt Perform Rating from Sanford C. Bernstein Comerica Bank Acquires 416 Shares of FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Comerica Bank increased its position in shares of FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:FLT) by 1.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 40,963 shares of the business services provider’s stock after buying an additional 416 shares during the period. Comerica Bank’s holdings in FleetCor Technologies were worth $5,966,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of FLT. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA increased its position in FleetCor Technologies by 1,426.4% in the first quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 127,559 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $19,316,000 after buying an additional 119,202 shares during the period. Suntrust Banks Inc. bought a new position in FleetCor Technologies during the first quarter worth approximately $293,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in FleetCor Technologies by 4.1% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 340,129 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $51,506,000 after buying an additional 13,441 shares during the period. AT Bancorp increased its position in FleetCor Technologies by 117.1% in the first quarter. AT Bancorp now owns 12,352 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $1,871,000 after buying an additional 6,662 shares during the period. Finally, US Bancorp DE increased its position in FleetCor Technologies by 4.6% in the first quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 12,267 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $1,858,000 after buying an additional 540 shares during the period. 93.73% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:FLT) traded down 1.28% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $136.46. The stock had a trading volume of 1,482,565 shares. The firm has a market cap of $12.59 billion, a PE ratio of 27.91 and a beta of 1.24. FleetCor Technologies, Inc. has a 52 week low of $121.52 and a 52 week high of $176.42. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $146.24 and its 200 day moving average price is $152.38. FleetCor Technologies (NYSE:FLT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 1st. The business services provider reported $1.96 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.87 by $0.09. The company had revenue of $520.43 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $514.56 million. FleetCor Technologies had a return on equity of 19.67% and a net margin of 24.53%. FleetCor Technologies’s revenue for the quarter was up 25.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $1.53 EPS. Analysts anticipate that FleetCor Technologies, Inc. will post $8.35 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Comerica Bank Acquires 416 Shares of FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/comerica-bank-acquires-416-shares-of-fleetcor-technologies-inc-flt.html. A number of research analysts recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised FleetCor Technologies from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Citigroup Inc set a $165.00 target price on FleetCor Technologies and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and set a $138.00 target price on shares of FleetCor Technologies in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of FleetCor Technologies in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, Compass Point raised FleetCor Technologies from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $170.00 target price for the company in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, thirteen have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $177.07. In related news, CEO David D. Maxsimic sold 3,125 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $165.96, for a total transaction of $518,625.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 2,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $331,920. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, CEO Ronald Clarke sold 100,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $160.91, for a total value of $16,091,000.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 317,782 shares in the company, valued at $51,134,301.62. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 132,285 shares of company stock worth $21,356,887. 4.30% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About FleetCor Technologies FleetCor Technologies, Inc is a provider of workforce payment products. The Company offers fuel card payments product solutions, corporate payments products, toll products, lodging cards and gift cards. The Company operates through two segments: North America and International. Its products are sold to businesses, retailers, oil companies and marketers and government entities. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FLT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:FLT). Receive News & Ratings for FleetCor Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FleetCor Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Financial Services Market 2017 Size, Share,Development Status,Type and Application,Segmentation,Forecast by 2022 Financial Services Market WiseGuyReports.com adds “Financial Services Market 2017 Global Analysis, Growth,Trends,Opportunities Research Report Forecasting to 2022”reports to its database PUNE, INDIA, May 11, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Financial Services Market: The financial services market comprises all establishments engaged in financial services related activities such as lending, investment management, insurance, brokerages, payments and transferring service. The financial services industry is categorized on the basis of the business model of the firms present in the industry. Majority of firms come under multiple categories. The Financial Services Global Market Briefing provides strategists, marketers and senior management with the critical information they need to assess the global financial services market. Request Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1273768-financial-services-market-global-briefing-2017-including-lending-and-payments-insurance Description The Financial Services Global Market Briefing Report from The Business Research Company covers market characteristics, size and growth, segmentation, regional breakdowns, competitive landscape, market shares, trends and strategies for this market. The market characteristics section of the report defines and explains the market. The market size section gives the financial services market revenues, covering both the historic growth of the market and forecasting the future. Comparison With Other Markets section outlines the financial services market share among the other services markets. Historic and Forecast Growth Comparison With Other Markets section compares the financial services market’s historic and forecast growth rate with other services markets. Drivers and restraints looks at the external factors supporting and controlling the growth of the market. Market segmentations break down the key sub sectors which make up the market. The regional breakdowns section gives the size of the market geographically. Competitive landscape gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and a description of the leading companies. Key financial deals which have shaped the market in the last three years are identified. The trends and strategies section highlights the likely future developments in the financial services market and suggests approaches.   Scope Markets Covered: Lending and Payments, Insurance, Investment Companies Mentioned: Bank of America, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Agricultural Bank of China, AXA , Bank of China, Assicurazioni Generali,JPMorgan, Chase, Wells Fargo, Citigroup Inc. Geographic scope: Americas, Europe, Asia, Middle East and Africa, Oceania. Time series: Five years historic and forecast. Data: Market value in $ billions. Data segmentations: Regional breakdowns, market share of competitors, key sub segments. Sourcing and Referencing: Data and analysis throughout the report is sourced using end notes. Access Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1273768-financial-services-market-global-briefing-2017-including-lending-and-payments-insurance Table of Contents Financial Services Market Characteristics 4 Financial Services Market Historic 5 Financial Services Market Forecast 6 Financial Services Market Comparison With Other Markets 7 Financial Services Market Historic and Forecast Growth Comparison With Other Markets 9 Financial Services Market Segmentation 11 Financial Services Market, Split by Segments, 2016, $ Billion 11 Lending and Payments 11 Insurance 11 Investment 11 Global Financial Services, Historic and Forecast, Split by Segment, 2012 – 2020 12 Financial Services Market Geography Split 13 Global Financial Services Markets Size, Split by Region, 2016 13 Global Financial Services Market, Historic and Forecast Growth, By Region, 2012 – 2020 15 Global Financial Services Market, Split by Country, 2016 16 Global Financial Services Market, Historic and Forecast Growth Rate, Split by Country, 2012 – 2020 18 Financial Services Market Competitors 20 Bank of America 21 Industrial and Commercial Bank of China 21 Agricultural Bank of China 22 Financial Services Market Key Mergers and Acquisitions 23 Financial Services Market Trends and Strategies 24 Appendix 26 Research Methodology 26 Definitions 27 Abbreviations 30 Currencies 30 The Business Research Company 30 Copyright and Disclaimer 30 Reasons to Purchase Get up to date information available on the financial services market globally. Identify growth segments and opportunities. Facilitate decision making on the basis of historic and forecast data and understand the drivers and restraints on the market. Develop strategies based on likely future developments. Gain a global perspective on the development of the market. …CONTINUED Buy this Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1273768 Norah Trent WiseGuy Research Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TRUEPIC Launches Patented Digital Photo Verification Platform Next PostNext Applesauce Market Growth Opportunities in Asia-Pacific and Driving Factors by Manufacturers, Regions, Type & Application- Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Lash Stuff Announces It Will Offer Eyelash Extension Training Courses At No-Cost $54 Million Settlement Resolving Whistleblower Claims Against CareCore National LLC Announced Research and Markets – Global Automotive Variable Geometry Turbocharger Market to Grow at a CAGR of 21.49% by 2021: Key Vendors are BorgWarner, Cummins, Honeywell International, IHI & Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Election Integrity Commission Starts Down a Dangerous Path with Kris Kobach as Vice-Chair Trump Order Misses the Real Election Integrity Issue Voter Suppression RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results MADISON HEIGHTS, Mich., May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. (NYSE MKT: INFU) ("InfuSystem" or the "Company"), a leading national provider of infusion pumps and related services for the healthcare industry in the United States and Canada, today reported financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. First Quarter 2017 Overview: Net revenues totaled $17.7 million, a decrease of 3.5%, compared to the first quarter 2016 net revenues of $18.3 million; Product sales increased $0.7 million, or 39.4%, to $2.5 million, compared to the first quarter of 2016; Gross profit was $10.6 million, a decrease of $1.9 million, or 15.2%, compared to the first quarter of 2016; Gross margin was 60.3%, compared to 68.6% for the first quarter of 2016; General and administrative ("G&A") expenses decreased $0.2 million, or 3.1%, to $6.5 million, compared to the first quarter of 2016; Provision for doubtful accounts ("Bad Debt") increased $0.1 million, to $1.8 million, compared to the first quarter of 2016, including $0.3 million in additional reserves related to delayed collections due to changed billing practices following SE1609 announced last year by Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ("CMS"); Net loss was $1.5 million, or $0.07 per diluted share, compared to the first quarter of 2016 net income of $0.0 million, or $0.00 per diluted share; Net collected revenues (a non-GAAP financial measure) decreased 4.5%, to $15.8 million, compared to the first quarter of 2016; Adjusted EBITDA (a non-GAAP financial measure) decreased 56.5% to $1.4 million, compared the first quarter of 2016; and The reengineering of our billing and collections process led to a record level of pump billings in the first quarter of 2017 despite having 25% less staff in the billing and collections group. Management Discussion Eric K. Steen, chief executive officer of InfuSystem, said, "While the first quarter is historically our slowest period, the financial performance in the first quarter of 2017 was a disappointment due to the continued effects of the CMS issued ruling SE1609. The first quarter saw the impact of amortizing our Electronic Connectivity software solutions, including EMR integration, Infu EXPRESS, Infu-Track, Pump Portal and Block Pain Dashboard. In February, we leveraged our Infu EXPRESS system with a reorganization and reduction in force in our billing and collection area. We completed the quarterly close with 25% less staff and expect to see the cost savings from this total reduction in force of approximately $1.0 million, on an annual basis, beginning in the second quarter of 2017. Net revenues decreased 3.5% to $17.7 million, partially due to the continued impact of SE1609, and we reported a net loss of $1.5 million, or $0.07 per diluted share, for the first quarter of 2017, which included additional amortization for completed IT developments." Mr. Steen continued, "With the Infu EXPRESS rollout completed, we are increasing our focus on cash collections. We are incenting our sales force to assist in contracting and collecting from our clinic customers with our new direct billing model, shifting resources to denial analysis, denial management, and contract compliance for our commercial insurance payors, and outsourcing collection efforts for our aged receivables for all insurance carriers and patients." Mr. Steen concluded, "We will continue to focus on leveraging the investments made in our information technology ("IT") systems to drive cash collections and operational efficiencies. We are also committed to limiting our capital expenditures, selling expenses, and paying down debt to strengthen our balance sheet." First Quarter Results Net revenues in the first quarter of 2017 were $17.7 million, a decrease of $0.6 million, or 3.5%, compared to $18.3 million in the first quarter of 2016. During the first quarter of 2017, net revenues from rentals decreased $1.4 million, or 8.2%, compared to the same prior year period.  Comparisons to prior year must take into account: (i) changed practices and reduced billing rates due to the CMS SE1609 regulatory change; (ii) continuing adjustments relating to implementation of our new IT platform Infu EXPRESS, which was implemented coincident to the SE1609 changes in the middle of last year; and (iii) the one-time effects of the restructuring of our billing and collection function in the first quarter of 2017. Net revenues from product sales for the first quarter of 2017 were $2.5 million, an increase of $0.7 million, or 39.4%, compared to the same period of 2016. The Company is focused on net collected rental revenues, or net revenues from rentals less provision for doubtful accounts (a non-GAAP financial measure), which was $13.3 million in the first quarter of 2017, a decrease of 9.9%, compared to $14.7 million in the first quarter of 2016. Bad Debt for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was $1.8 million, an increase of $0.1 million, or 6.2%, compared to $1.7 million for the first quarter of 2016. Bad Debt was 10.5% of revenues for the first quarter of 2017, compared to 9.5% for the same prior year period. This change is largely due to increased reserves for amounts uncollected following the Company's implementation, on July 1, 2016, of revised billing practices required by SE1609. The Company now directly bills providers and not third-party payors for SE1609 related services. Because this is a dramatic change from prior practices, we have experienced a delay in providers acknowledging and paying under the new model. The Company has adopted the practice of reserving for all accounts receivable aged more than 90 days, but nonetheless expects to eventually collect substantially all the amounts billed under the post-SE1609 policies. Gross profit for the first quarter of 2017 was $10.6 million, a decrease of 15.2%, compared to $12.6 million for the same prior year period. As a percentage of net revenues, gross profit equaled 60.3% of total net revenues in the first quarter of 2017 compared to 68.6% in the prior year's comparable quarter. The decrease in gross profit for the first quarter of 2017 was mainly due to the decrease in net revenues for the period plus an increase of $0.6 million in product and supply costs, $0.3 million in disposables sold, $0.2 million in service costs and $0.2 million in the costs of pumps sold. For the first of quarter of 2017, G&A expenses were $6.5 million, a decrease of $0.2 million, or 3.1%, compared to $6.7 million for the same prior year period. The decrease in G&A expenses for the first quarter of 2017 versus the same prior year period was mainly attributable to decreases in services expense of $0.3 million, salaries of $0.2 million and $0.1 million each for stock compensation expense and other expenses, offset mainly by an increase in spending on IT of $0.5 million. Other expenses for the first quarter of 2017 were $0.4 million compared to $0.3 million for the same period in 2016. Selling and marketing expenses for the 2017 first quarter were $2.9 million compared to $2.8 million for the first quarter of 2016. This increase was largely attributable to an increase in sales commissions of $0.4 million, which was partially offset by decreases in advertising & promotions of $0.2 million and travel expenses of $0.1 million. The net loss in the first quarter of 2017 was $1.5 million, or $0.07 per diluted share, compared to net income of $0.0 million, or income of $0.00 per diluted share, in the same prior year period. Adjusted net loss, excluding non-recurring items (a non-GAAP financial measure), was $1.4 million, or $0.06 per diluted share, compared to adjusted net income of $0.1 million, or $0.00 per diluted share, for the same prior year period. For the first quarter of 2017, adjusted EBITDA (a non-GAAP financial measure) was $1.4 million, a decrease of 56.5%, compared to $3.3 million for the same period in 2016. The Company utilizes adjusted net (loss) income and adjusted EBITDA as a means to measure its operating performance. A reconciliation from GAAP operating measures to adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA, both non-GAAP measures, can be found in the appendix attached to this press release. Adjustments during the first quarter of 2017 included, among other adjustments, expenses for severance related to the restructuring of our billings/collections function, costs associated with shareholder litigation and costs associated with our financial restatements in 2016. Financial Condition Net cash used in operations for the first quarter of 2017, was $1.4 million compared to net cash provided by operations of $0.3 million for the same prior year period. This increase is due to higher amounts of non-cash expenses (such as deferred income taxes) in the current period, as well as an increase in accounts payable and other liabilities. The Company reduced its investment in medical equipment during the quarter to zero in anticipation of increasing utilization on available assets. As of March 31, 2017, the Company maintained cash and cash equivalents of $0.2 million and had $8.3 million of net availability under its revolving credit facility compared to $3.4 million of cash and cash equivalents and $9.9 million of net availability, respectively, at December 31, 2016. As of March 31, 2017, the Company did not meet one of its debt covenants on its $32 million Term Loan A with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the "Lender"). The Company has obtained a waiver of this violation, which will be filed on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Conference Call The Company will conduct a conference call for investors on Friday, May 12, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time to discuss first quarter results. The balance sheet presentation is preliminary and will not be final until the Company's Form 10-Q is filed for the first quarter of 2017. Eric K. Steen, chief executive officer, Jan Skonieczny, chief operating officer, Christopher Downs, interim chief financial officer, and Trent Smith, chief accounting officer will discuss the Company's financial performance and answer questions from the financial community. The conference call may also include discussion of Company developments, forward-looking statements and other material information about business and financial matters. To participate in this call, please dial in toll-free (800) 446-2782 and use the confirmation number 44914783. Additionally, a Web replay will be available on the Company's website for 90 days. Non-GAAP Measures This press release contains information prepared in conformity with GAAP as well as non-GAAP financial information. The Company believes that the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this press release provide useful information to the Company's management, investors, and other interested parties about the Company's operating performance because they allow them to understand and compare the Company's operating results during the current periods to the prior year periods in a more consistent manner. It is management's intent to provide non-GAAP financial information in order to enhance readers' understanding of its consolidated financial information as prepared in accordance with GAAP. This non-GAAP information should be considered by the reader in addition to, but not instead of, the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Each non-GAAP financial measure and the corresponding GAAP financial measures are presented so as to not imply that more emphasis should be placed on the non-GAAP measure. The non-GAAP financial information presented may be determined or calculated differently by other companies. Additional information about non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included later in this release. About InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. is a leading provider of infusion pumps and related services to hospitals, oncology practices and other alternate site healthcare providers. Headquartered in Madison Heights, Michigan, the Company delivers local, field-based customer support and also operates Centers of Excellence in Michigan, Kansas, California, Texas, Georgia and Ontario, Canada. The Company's stock is traded on the NYSE MKT under the symbol INFU. Forward-Looking Statements The financial results in this press release reflect preliminary results, which are not final until the Company's Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2017 is filed. In addition, certain statements contained in this press release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). The words "believe," "may," "will," "estimate," "continue," "anticipate," "intend," "should," "plan," "expect," "strategy," "future," "likely," variations of such words, and other similar expressions, as they relate to the Company, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. However, the absence of these words or similar expressions does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to future actions, business plans, objectives and prospects, future operating or financial performance, including the preliminary financial results contained in this press release and the Company's ability to obtain an amendment to its Term Loan A. In connection with the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Company is identifying certain factors that could cause actual results to differ, perhaps materially, from those indicated by these forward-looking statements. Those factors, risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the Company's ability to obtain an amendment to its Term Loan A, the classification of outstanding debt under the Term Loan A, potential changes in overall healthcare reimbursement, including CMS competitive bidding, sequestration, concentration of customers, increased focus on early detection of cancer, competitive treatments, dependency on Medicare Supplier Number, availability of chemotherapy drugs, global financial conditions, changes and enforcement of state and federal laws, natural forces, competition, dependency on suppliers, risks in acquisitions & joint ventures, U.S. Healthcare Reform, relationships with healthcare professionals and organizations, technological changes related to infusion therapy, dependency on websites and intellectual property, the ability of the Company to successfully integrate acquired businesses, dependency on key personnel, dependency on banking relations and covenants, and other risks associated with our common stock, as well as any litigation to which the Company may be involved in from time to time; and other risk factors as discussed in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and in other filings made by the Company from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Our annual report on Form 10-K is available on the SEC's EDGAR website at www.sec.gov, and a copy may also be obtained by contacting the Company. All forward-looking statements made in this press release speak only as of the date hereof. We do not intend, and do not undertake any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances after the date of such statements, except as required by law. Additional information about InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. is available at www.infusystem.com. CONTACT: Joe Dorame, Joe Diaz & Robert Blum Lytham Partners, LLC 602-889-9700 FINANCIAL TABLES FOLLOW  INFUSYSTEM HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SELECTED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET STATISTICS March 31, December 31, (in thousands) 2017 2016 (Unaudited) Balance Sheet Data:            Cash and Cash equivalents $             194 $             3,398            Accounts Receivable, net 12,079 11,581            Total Assets 91,893 96,344            Total Debt (including capital leases) 35,206 37,402            Total Stockholders' Equity $        49,634 $           50,689   INFUSYSTEM HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) Three Months Ended (in thousands, except share and per share data) March 31 2017 2016 Net revenues:  Rentals $     15,137 $     16,488 Product Sales 2,517 1,806 Net revenues 17,654 18,294 Cost of revenues: Cost of revenues — Product, service and supply costs  4,536 3,506 Cost of revenues — Pump depreciation and disposals  2,469 2,231 Gross profit  10,649 12,557 Selling, general and administrative expenses: Provision for doubtful accounts  1,856 1,747 Amortization of intangibles  1,411 912 Selling and marketing  2,886 2,815 General and administrative  6,465 6,669 Total selling, general and administrative 12,618 12,143 Operating (loss) income (1,969) 414 Other (expense) income: Interest expense  (328) (305) Other (expense) income (37) 20 Total other expense (365) (285) (Loss) income before income taxes  (2,334) 129 Income tax benefit (expense) 856 (88) Net (loss) income $      (1,478) $            41 Net (loss) income  per share: Basic  $        (0.07) $         0.00 Diluted  $        (0.07) $         0.00 Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic  22,680,562 22,548,538 Diluted  22,680,562 23,039,256   INFUSYSTEM HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) Three Months Ended March 31 (in thousands) 2017 2016   NET CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES  $  (1,442) $      337   INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchase of medical equipment and property (1,015) (3,274) Proceeds from sale of medical equipment and property 1,525 884   NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES  510 (2,390)   FINANCING ACTIVITIES Principal payments on revolving credit facility, term loans and capital lease obligations (6,413) (15,369) Cash proceeds from revolving credit facility 4,099 17,081 Debt issuance costs (25) - Common stock repurchased to satisfy statutory withholding on employee stock based compensation plans (20) (33) Cash proceeds from stock plans 87 125   NET CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES  (2,272) 1,804 Net change in cash and cash equivalents  (3,204) (249) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period  3,398 818 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period  $      194 $      569   INFUSYSTEM HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES GAAP TO NON-GAAP RECONCILIATION (UNAUDITED) NET (LOSS) INCOME TO ADJUSTED EBITDA: Three Months Ended March 31, (in thousands) 2017 2016 GAAP net (loss) income $ (1,478) $      41 Adjustments:   Interest expense 328 305   Income tax (benefit) expense (856) 88   Depreciation 1,707 1,643   Amortization 1,411 912 GAAP EBITDA $  1,112 $ 2,989 Stock compensation 140 213 Restatement costs 28 - Shareholder legal costs 24 - Management reorganization/transition costs 134 100 Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA $  1,438 $ 3,302   INFUSYSTEM HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES GAAP TO NON-GAAP RECONCILIATION (CONTINUED) (UNAUDITED) NET (LOSS) INCOME TO ADJUSTED NET (LOSS) INCOME: Three Months Ended March 31, (in thousands) 2017 2016 GAAP net (loss) income $      (1,478) $             41 Adjustments:   Restatement costs 28 -   Shareholder legal costs 24 -   Management reorganization/transition costs 134 100   Income tax (benefit) expense (856) 88 (Loss) income before income taxes - adjusted $      (2,148) $           229 Income tax benefit (expense) relating to adjustments (1) 788 (156) Non-GAAP adjusted net (loss) income  $      (1,360) $             73 RECONCILIATION OF GAAP NET (LOSS) INCOME PER DILUTED COMMON SHARE TO NON-GAAP ADJUSTED NET (LOSS) INCOME PER DILUTED COMMON SHARE GAAP net (loss) income per diluted common share: $        (0.07) $          0.00 Adjustments:   Restatement costs 0.00 -   Shareholder legal costs 0.00 -   Management reorganization/transition costs 0.01 0.00 Non-GAAP net (loss) income per diluted common share: $        (0.06) $          0.00 Weighted average shares outstanding:                                  Basic 22,680,562 22,548,538                                  Diluted 22,680,562 23,039,256 (1) Rate used to calculate income tax benefit (expense) for the periods was the Company's effective tax rate before adjustments.   INFUSYSTEM HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES GAAP TO NON-GAAP RECONCILIATION (CONTINUED) (UNAUDITED) NET COLLECTED REVENUES Three Months Ended March 31, (in thousands) 2017 2016 Net Revenues:   Rentals $   15,137 $   16,488   Product sales 2,517 1,806     Total Net Revenues 17,654 18,294 Adjustments:    Less:  Provision for Doubtful Accounts (1,856) (1,747) Non-GAAP total - net collected revenues - adjusted $ 15,798 $ 16,547 NET COLLECTED RENTAL REVENUES Three Months Ended March 31, (in thousands) 2017 2016 Net Revenues:   Rentals $   15,137 $   16,488 Adjustments:    Less:  Provision for Doubtful Accounts (1,856) (1,747) Non-GAAP total - net collected rental revenues - adjusted $ 13,281 $ 14,741   SOURCE InfuSystem Holdings, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsConference Call Announcements, Earnings, Health Care/Hospitals, Medical Equipment, Medical/Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ankle Prosthesis Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Adalimumab Biosimilar Market Trends by Key Players, Manufacturing Process, Machinery, Raw Materials, Cost and Revenue to 2021 Search Recent Posts Orange County Training Launches DWI-Ignition Interlock Enforcement Initiative Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse *PREPPED* Snap Goes Splat: Sell-Side Reacts To Company's First Earnings Report Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 11, 2017 1:37pm   Comments Share: Related Underwriters Nailed Snap's Market Valuation Perfectly Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Crude Oil Up 1.25%; Straight Path Shares Plunge Snapchat Snapped - Is There More to Come? (GuruFocus) Despite Snap Inc (NYSE: SNAP)'s poor earnings report and a 20 percent decline in shares of the social media company, not all among Wall Street are throwing in the towel. Here is a roundup of what some of Wall Street's most notable analysts are saying after the dust has settled. The Bullish Oppenheimer's Jason Helfstein issued a rare upgrade on Snap's stock from Perform to Outperform with a $23 price target. The analyst highlighted a long list of metrics that came in better than he had expected, including overall revenue, North American revenue, North American daily active users, North American average revenue per user, European revenue, European daily active user and average revenue per user all coming in better than he had expected. Citi's Mark May maintains a Buy rating with a price target lowered from $27 to $24 under the assumption that investors are too focused on slowing daily active user growth at the expense of positive trends in advertising metrics. JMP Securities' Ronald Josey maintains an Outperform rating and $28 price target after Snap's earnings report left him "encouraged." Specifically, the analyst likes the company's newer products, including Search, World Lenses, and greater Discover content. These are all driving engagement higher and there exists a "dislocation" in the stock. Sitting On The Sidelines Barclays' Ross Sandler maintains an Equal-Weight rating and $18 price target for a few reasons. Perhaps most notable, Snap's revenue came in better than he had expected and the seven million daily active user net-adds doesn't confirm the "Facebook is crushing Snapchat thesis." Kip Paulson of Cantor Fitzgerald upgraded Snap's stock rating from Underperform to Neutral but with a price target lowered from $18 to $17. Part of the upgrade is related to one of the company's most visible strengths, namely its ability to better reach the highly desirable 18- to 34-year-old group. Also, the stock's valuation has now "improved" after the 20 percent decline in the stock. JPMorgan's Doug Anmuth kept his Neutral rating on Snap unchanged but did lower his price target from $24 to $20. The unchanged rating could be attributed to the analyst's view that Snap is just two years into monetizing its platform and there are signs that various initiatives are and new products are creating excitement among users. But at the end of the day, the company's revenue in the first quarter was notably short of expectations and the upcoming end of the lock-up period could pressure shares. Throwing In The Towel Nomura's Anthony DiClemente initiated coverage of Snap with a Reduce rating and $16 price target. The analyst maintains his rating but lowered his price target by $2 as the company's earnings report showed a substantial deceleration in ad revenue and average revenue per user. While this factor by itself is concerning, adding to Snap's woes is that it is competing against "deeper-pocketed" rivals in the social media landscape. At last check, shares of Snap were down 21.63 percent at $18.01. Related Links: First Quarterly Report From Snap Has No Crackle Or Pop Jim Cramer Rips Into Evan Spiegel: 'He Needs To Be Hazed' _________ Image Credit: By Maurizio Pesce from Milan, Italia - Snapchat, CC BY 2.0, via Wikimedia Commons Latest Ratings for SNAP Date Firm Action From To May 2017 Citigroup Maintains Buy May 2017 Cantor Fitzgerald Upgrades Underweight Neutral May 2017 Oppenheimer Upgrades Perform Outperform View More Analyst Ratings for SNAP View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings Long Ideas News Short Ideas Upgrades Price Target Initiation Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (SNAP) Underwriters Nailed Snap's Market Valuation Perfectly Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Crude Oil Up 1.25%; Straight Path Shares Plunge Ross Sandler Highlights Snap's Q1 Positives And What To Monitor 22 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Thursday Analyst Undeterred: JMP Maintains Outperform Rating On Snap First Quarterly Report From Snap Has No Crackle Or Pop View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on SNAP Trending Recent 1 TIME, AER: 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 2 STRP, WFM: 20 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 3 IBM, NVDA: Bull & Bear Takeaways From Nvidia's Q1 Beat 4 CROX, TIME: 12 Stocks To Watch For May 10, 2017 5 PNK, HOLX: Earnings Scheduled For May 10, 2017 6 NVDA, INTC: Nvidia Looks Like The Pr... 7 SPY, XLF: Seth Merrin Talk... 1 SNAP: Underwriters Nailed Snap's Market Valuation Perfectly 2 CANN, PRMCF: Green Flower Media CEO Explains Why Cannabis Education Is Key To... 3 SPY, SPX: Senate Needs To Move Fast On Healthcare Before Overhaulin... 4 How Average Investors Can Succeed In Today's Market 5 AEO, EXPR: Why Would Anyone Buy Abercrombie? 6 FB, NFLX: How Netflix Defied Cannes Tradition, Mif... 7 CRR, CBB: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Cru... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Is 21st Century Fox The Only Media Stock Worth Buying? 6 Key Themes From Nvidia's Q1
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BankUnited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BankUnited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Humana Inc (HUM) Stake Maintained by Henderson Group PLC Henderson Group PLC Raises Position in Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) W W Grainger Inc (GWW) Shares Sold by Henderson Group PLC Boston Partners Has $355.065 Million Stake in Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) Boston Partners Has $21.233 Million Stake in Scorpio Tankers Inc. (STNG) Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (HSII) Position Raised by Boston Partners Boston Partners Cuts Stake in FTI Consulting, Inc. (FCN) Boston Partners Purchases Shares of 697,151 BankUnited (BKU) Boston Partners Has $25.211 Million Stake in Starwood Property Trust, Inc. (STWD) Boston Partners Has $22.857 Million Stake in Aegion Corp (AEGN) American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Receives $45.31 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Irsa Inversiones y Rprsntcins SA (IRS) Upgraded at TheStreet Regency Centers Corp (REG) Downgraded by TheStreet to C Bojangles Inc (BOJA) Upgraded at TheStreet CDK Global Inc (CDK) Upgraded at TheStreet IRSA Propiedades Comerciales SA (IRCP) Lifted to “B” at TheStreet Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Upgraded at ValuEngine CytomX Therapeutics Inc (CTMX) Lowered to Sell at ValuEngine Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) a $40.00 Price Target Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Reiterates “Hold” Rating for LivePerson, Inc. (LPSN) Boston Partners Purchases Shares of 697,151 BankUnited (BKU) May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Boston Partners purchased a new position in shares of BankUnited (NYSE:BKU) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund purchased 697,151 shares of the financial services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $26,011,000. A number of other large investors have also bought and sold shares of BKU. Aperio Group LLC boosted its stake in BankUnited by 1.6% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 6,832 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $206,000 after buying an additional 105 shares during the period. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board purchased a new position in BankUnited during the third quarter valued at $211,000. Parametrica Management Ltd purchased a new position in BankUnited during the first quarter valued at $308,000. BB&T Securities LLC boosted its position in BankUnited by 3.3% in the third quarter. BB&T Securities LLC now owns 10,552 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $318,000 after buying an additional 333 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Pacad Investment Ltd. purchased a new position in BankUnited during the fourth quarter valued at $366,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 96.92% of the company’s stock. Shares of BankUnited (NYSE:BKU) traded down 1.4259% on Thursday, hitting $34.1165. The company had a trading volume of 762,731 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.8313 and a beta of 1.01. BankUnited has a 1-year low of $27.85 and a 1-year high of $41.00. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $35.80 and a 200 day moving average price of $36.33. BankUnited (NYSE:BKU) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The financial services provider reported $0.57 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.56 by $0.01. BankUnited had a return on equity of 9.72% and a net margin of 19.37%. The company had revenue of $258.74 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $260.46 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.51 EPS. On average, equities analysts forecast that BankUnited will post $2.37 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 28th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 13th were paid a dividend of $0.21 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, April 11th. This represents a $0.84 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.43%. BankUnited’s payout ratio is 40.19%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Boston Partners Purchases Shares of 697,151 BankUnited (BKU)” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/boston-partners-purchases-shares-of-697151-bankunited-bku.html. Several research firms have weighed in on BKU. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $42.00 price objective (down previously from $43.00) on shares of BankUnited in a research report on Saturday, April 29th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods upgraded BankUnited from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and lowered their price objective for the stock from $42.00 to $41.00 in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut BankUnited from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price objective for the stock from $42.00 to $39.00 in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Barclays PLC set a $42.00 price objective on BankUnited and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Sunday, April 9th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut BankUnited from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $39.31. In related news, Director Douglas J. Pauls sold 11,200 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $40.60, for a total transaction of $454,720.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 31,380 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,274,028. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Mark Bagnoli sold 1,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.92, for a total value of $39,920.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 15,699 shares in the company, valued at $626,704.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 13,959 shares of company stock worth $564,648. 5.10% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. BankUnited Company Profile BankUnited, Inc is the bank holding company of BankUnited (the Bank). The bank is a national banking association. As of December 31, 2016, the Bank provided a range of banking services to individual and corporate customers through 94 banking centers located in 15 Florida counties and six banking centers in the New York metropolitan area. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BKU? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for BankUnited (NYSE:BKU). Receive News & Ratings for BankUnited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BankUnited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GGP Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GGP Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jackpotjoy PLC (JPJ) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Macquarie Amedisys Inc (AMED) Insider Scott G. Ginn Sells 23,828 Shares of Stock GoPro Inc (GPRO) Lowered to “Strong Sell” at ValuEngine Parke Bancorp, Inc. (PKBK) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Hold” Universal Forest Products, Inc. (UFPI) Rating Increased to Buy at ValuEngine Industrial Alliance Insur. & Fin. Ser. (IAG) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine Espial Group Inc. (ESP) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Hold” Hudbay Minerals Inc (HBM) Stock Rating Upgraded by ValuEngine Godaddy Inc (GDDY) CEO Blake Irving Sells 37,500 Shares Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Unlikely to Impact Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, (BWP) Stock Price ValuEngine Lowers Pacific Exploration & Production Corp (PEG) to Sell ValuEngine Lowers Kinross Gold Co. (K) to Sell GGP Inc (GGP) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Buy Valeritas Holdings, Inc. (VLRX) Downgraded to Strong Sell at ValuEngine Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc – (JAZZ) Issues Earnings Results Humana Inc (HUM) Stake Maintained by Henderson Group PLC Henderson Group PLC Raises Position in Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) W W Grainger Inc (GWW) Shares Sold by Henderson Group PLC Boston Partners Has $355.065 Million Stake in Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) Boston Partners Has $21.233 Million Stake in Scorpio Tankers Inc. (STNG) GGP Inc (GGP) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Buy May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet GGP Inc (NYSE:GGP) was upgraded by analysts at ValuEngine from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. Other analysts have also recently issued reports about the stock. BMO Capital Markets restated a “buy” rating and issued a $31.00 price objective on shares of GGP in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Barclays PLC dropped their target price on shares of GGP from $30.00 to $25.00 and set an “equal weight” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of GGP from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada dropped their target price on shares of GGP from $29.00 to $28.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the stock. GGP has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $31.18. Shares of GGP (NYSE:GGP) traded down 1.258% during trading on Thursday, hitting $22.375. 5,929,125 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $22.89 and its 200-day moving average is $24.48. GGP has a 12-month low of $21.05 and a 12-month high of $32.10. The stock has a market cap of $19.79 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.900 and a beta of 0.81. GGP (NYSE:GGP) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 1st. The real estate investment trust reported $0.11 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.36 by $0.25. GGP had a return on equity of 15.52% and a net margin of 54.91%. The firm had revenue of $566.33 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $561.66 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.40 earnings per share. GGP’s quarterly revenue was down 6.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts anticipate that GGP will post $0.58 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 28th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, July 13th will be issued a $0.22 dividend. This represents a $0.88 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.88%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, July 11th. GGP’s payout ratio is 66.17%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “GGP Inc (GGP) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Buy” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/ggp-inc-ggp-upgraded-by-valuengine-to-buy.html. In other news, CFO Michael B. Berman sold 150,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $25.00, for a total value of $3,750,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. 40.70% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. FMR LLC raised its stake in GGP by 1.3% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 25,471,343 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $590,427,000 after buying an additional 332,984 shares during the last quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its stake in GGP by 1.3% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 21,865,021 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $603,475,000 after buying an additional 285,123 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in GGP by 8.6% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 13,099,955 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $303,657,000 after buying an additional 1,036,217 shares during the last quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. raised its stake in GGP by 0.6% in the first quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 10,282,887 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $238,356,000 after buying an additional 60,212 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in GGP by 55.9% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 8,073,066 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $187,133,000 after buying an additional 2,894,391 shares during the last quarter. 91.15% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About GGP GGP Inc (GGP), formerly General Growth Properties, Inc, is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company operates as a holding company, which is engaged in the operation, development and management of retail and other rental properties, primarily regional malls. Receive News & Ratings for GGP Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GGP Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Coca-Cola European Partners plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Avis Budget Group (CAR) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.14 Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Chicago Bridge & Iron Company (CBI) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of -0.02 Jackpotjoy PLC (JPJ) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Macquarie Amedisys Inc (AMED) Insider Scott G. Ginn Sells 23,828 Shares of Stock GoPro Inc (GPRO) Lowered to “Strong Sell” at ValuEngine Parke Bancorp, Inc. (PKBK) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Hold” Universal Forest Products, Inc. (UFPI) Rating Increased to Buy at ValuEngine Industrial Alliance Insur. & Fin. Ser. (IAG) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine Espial Group Inc. (ESP) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Hold” Hudbay Minerals Inc (HBM) Stock Rating Upgraded by ValuEngine Godaddy Inc (GDDY) CEO Blake Irving Sells 37,500 Shares Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Unlikely to Impact Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, (BWP) Stock Price ValuEngine Lowers Pacific Exploration & Production Corp (PEG) to Sell ValuEngine Lowers Kinross Gold Co. (K) to Sell GGP Inc (GGP) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Buy Valeritas Holdings, Inc. (VLRX) Downgraded to Strong Sell at ValuEngine Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc – (JAZZ) Issues Earnings Results Humana Inc (HUM) Stake Maintained by Henderson Group PLC Henderson Group PLC Raises Position in Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media stories about Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) have trended somewhat positive on Thursday, AlphaOne reports. The research group, a division of Accern, identifies positive and negative news coverage by reviewing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real-time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Coca-Cola European Partners plc earned a media sentiment score of 0.09 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave news articles about the company an impact score of 82 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is very likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near term. These are some of the news articles that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s analysis: How Do The Margins Look For Coca-Cola European Partners Plc (ENXTAM:CCE)? – JCTY News (jctynews.com) CG Stocks Newsbeat=> Unilever N.V. (UN), Coca-Cola European … – usstockjournal (usstockjournal.com) Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows (getyourxbacknow.com) Coca-Cola European Partners Reaches Analyst Target Price (nasdaq.com) Coca-Cola European Partners plc (cce) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.23 (americanbankingnews.com) Shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) traded down 0.197% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $39.971. 313,678 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a market cap of $18.95 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.938 and a beta of 1.01. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $37.89 and a 200 day moving average price of $35.28. Coca-Cola European Partners plc has a 52-week low of $30.55 and a 52-week high of $54.37. Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $0.33 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.31 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $2.54 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.52 billion. Coca-Cola European Partners plc had a net margin of 8.49% and a return on equity of 21.76%. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.41 EPS. Analysts forecast that Coca-Cola European Partners plc will post $2.29 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 5th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 22nd will be issued a $0.23 dividend. This is a positive change from Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.23. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 18th. This represents a $0.92 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.30%. Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s dividend payout ratio is presently 31.98%. CCE has been the topic of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. ABN Amro reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a research report on Friday, April 28th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. They set a “neutral” rating on the stock. Finally, Susquehanna Bancshares Inc set a $39.00 price target on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating, eight have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $43.94. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/coca-cola-european-partners-plc-cce-receiving-somewhat-positive-press-coverage-report-shows.html. Coca-Cola European Partners plc Company Profile Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc (CCE) markets, produces and distributes nonalcoholic beverages. The Company serves customers across Belgium, continental France, Great Britain, Luxembourg, Monaco, the Netherlands, Norway and Sweden. The Company’s segments include Europe and Corporate. CCE is The Coca-Cola Company’s strategic bottling partner in Western Europe. Receive News & Ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cidara Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cidara Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) a $40.00 Price Target Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Reiterates “Hold” Rating for LivePerson, Inc. (LPSN) Omeros Co. (OMER) Given a $23.00 Price Target by Maxim Group Analysts Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Given a $11.00 Price Target at Cantor Fitzgerald Och-Ziff Capital Management Group (OZM) Getting Very Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Fluor Co. (NEW) (FLR) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.15 Piper Jaffray Companies Reiterates $51.00 Price Target for Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc (IONS) KemPharm Inc (KMPH) Given a $13.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. TheStreet Downgrades Brightcove Inc (BCOV) to D+ Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Major Shareholder Tiger Global Management Llc Purchases 175,600 Shares of Stock Cognex Co. (CGNX) CEO Robert Willett Sells 43,981 Shares ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD) Director Dorothy E. Puhy Sells 13,500 Shares of Stock Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Major Shareholder Gerald J. Scripps Sells 30,000 Shares of Stock Cirrus Logic, Inc. (CRUS) VP Randolph K. Carlson Sells 30,000 Shares Mettler-Toledo International Inc. (MTD) Insider William P. Donnelly Sells 5,000 Shares of Stock Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.14 EPS Orbital ATK Inc (OA) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.14 EPS Laureate Education Inc (LAUR) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.10 EPS Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Raises Stake in Alliance Resource Partners, L.P. (ARLP) Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) Shares Bought by Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Given a $11.00 Price Target at Cantor Fitzgerald May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Cidara Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:CDTX) received a $11.00 target price from equities researchers at Cantor Fitzgerald in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the biotechnology company’s stock. Cantor Fitzgerald’s target price points to a potential upside of 60.58% from the stock’s previous close. Other research analysts have also recently issued reports about the stock. Needham & Company LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $10.00 price target on shares of Cidara Therapeutics in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Cidara Therapeutics from a “buy” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services assumed coverage on shares of Cidara Therapeutics in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. They set a “buy” rating and a $11.25 price target on the stock. HC Wainwright reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $14.00 price target (down from $18.00) on shares of Cidara Therapeutics in a research report on Monday, April 17th. Finally, Wedbush reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $13.00 price target on shares of Cidara Therapeutics in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eight have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Cidara Therapeutics currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $12.77. Shares of Cidara Therapeutics (NASDAQ:CDTX) traded up 2.92% during trading on Thursday, hitting $7.05. 62,136 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm’s market cap is $118.45 million. The company’s 50 day moving average is $7.20 and its 200 day moving average is $9.04. Cidara Therapeutics has a 52-week low of $6.10 and a 52-week high of $13.15. Cidara Therapeutics (NASDAQ:CDTX) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, May 10th. The biotechnology company reported ($0.80) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.90) by $0.10. On average, equities research analysts predict that Cidara Therapeutics will post ($3.45) EPS for the current year. WARNING: “Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Given a $11.00 Price Target at Cantor Fitzgerald” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/cidara-therapeutics-inc-cdtx-given-a-11-00-price-target-at-cantor-fitzgerald.html. In other news, CEO Jeffrey Stein bought 12,900 shares of Cidara Therapeutics stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 31st. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $7.75 per share, with a total value of $99,975.00. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, insider Kevin Forrest bought 12,500 shares of Cidara Therapeutics stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 31st. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $7.75 per share, for a total transaction of $96,875.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders own 22.20% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Oxford Asset Management purchased a new position in Cidara Therapeutics during the fourth quarter worth approximately $133,000. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in Cidara Therapeutics by 17.5% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 16,524 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $172,000 after buying an additional 2,458 shares during the last quarter. Spark Investment Management LLC boosted its position in Cidara Therapeutics by 2.7% in the third quarter. Spark Investment Management LLC now owns 15,100 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $172,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in Cidara Therapeutics during the fourth quarter worth approximately $173,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Cidara Therapeutics by 455.6% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 25,639 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $200,000 after buying an additional 21,024 shares during the last quarter. 47.34% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Cidara Therapeutics Company Profile Cidara Therapeutics, Inc, formerly K2 Therapeutics, Inc, is a clinical-stage biotechnology company. The Company is engaged in the discovery, development and commercialization of anti-infectives. It is developing a pipeline of product and development candidates with a focus on serious fungal infections. Receive News & Ratings for Cidara Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cidara Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Laureate Education Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Laureate Education Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.14 EPS Orbital ATK Inc (OA) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.14 EPS Laureate Education Inc (LAUR) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.10 EPS Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Raises Stake in Alliance Resource Partners, L.P. (ARLP) Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) Shares Bought by Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Give AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc (MITT) a $18.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) a $19.00 Price Target Capital Fund Management S.A. Purchases 46,760 Shares of Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Acquires 200 Shares of Cameco Corp (CCJ) Craig Hallum Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Petmed Express Inc (PETS) Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Stake Decreased by Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Calpine Co. (CPN) a $14.00 Price Target 309,787 Shares in Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) Acquired by Capital Fund Management S.A. TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO Lowers Stake in Diageo plc (DEO) Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “$35.00” Price Target for Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc (SUPN) Capital Fund Management S.A. Sells 305,932 Shares of Radian Group Inc (RDN) TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO Acquires 50,489 Shares of Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Shares Sold by Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV Alon USA Energy, Inc. (ALJ) Shares Bought by Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC FY2018 EPS Estimates for TransCanada Co. (TRP) Cut by National Bank Financial Laureate Education Inc (LAUR) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.10 EPS May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Laureate Education Inc (NASDAQ:LAUR) announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday. The company reported ($1.05) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.95) by $0.10. The firm had revenue of $855.90 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $832 million. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 5.6% on a year-over-year basis. Laureate Education (NASDAQ:LAUR) traded up 9.001% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $14.955. 794,053 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $14.06 and a 200 day moving average of $13.58. Laureate Education has a 1-year low of $12.12 and a 1-year high of $15.18. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.52 billion and a PE ratio of 5.418. Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on LAUR shares. Stifel Nicolaus started coverage on shares of Laureate Education in a report on Monday, February 27th. They set a “buy” rating and a $17.00 price objective on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc started coverage on shares of Laureate Education in a report on Monday, March 6th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $15.10 price objective on the stock. Macquarie started coverage on shares of Laureate Education in a report on Monday, February 27th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $17.00 price objective on the stock. Piper Jaffray Companies started coverage on shares of Laureate Education in a report on Monday, February 27th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $19.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Laureate Education in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $15.50 price objective on the stock. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Laureate Education presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $16.95. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Laureate Education Inc (LAUR) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.10 EPS” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/laureate-education-inc-laur-announces-earnings-results-misses-expectations-by-0-10-eps.html. About Laureate Education Laureate Education, Inc operates a network of degree-granting higher education institution. The Company operates in four segments: Latin America (LatAm); Europe; Asia, Middle East and Africa (AMEA), and Global Products and Services (GPS). The Company’s network includes approximately 70 institutions in over 25 countries on over 200 campuses, which the Company collectively refer to as the Laureate International Universities network. Receive News & Ratings for Laureate Education Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Laureate Education Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
