Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Brinkmann on Business Covering the business landscape in Central Florida Business Paul Brinkmann on Business LIFT Orlando boosts outreach to west-side businesses with micro loans LIFT Orlando micro loan announcement Eddy Moratin, executive director of LIFT Orlando, talks about creating economic opportunity on Orlando's West side. Eddy Moratin, executive director of LIFT Orlando, talks about creating economic opportunity on Orlando's West side. Paul BrinkmannContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Deborah Wiggins’ 15-year-old son is getting hands-on training in a craft by making men’s neckties for his mom’s clothing business on Orlando’s west side. Wiggins believes that kind of experience is just one key to economic success in the historically black, economically depressed neighborhoods, including Parramore, the area around Camping World Stadium, and other areas west and north of Interstate 4. She was among a group of west-side business owners who threw out ideas Tuesday in a meeting with leaders from the neighborhood and from the city. They were joined by former U.S. Senator Mel Martinez, now a regional chairman with JP Morgan Chase Bank. “You need to teach a young man a craft or skill so they don’t go down the wrong road,” said Wiggins, founder of The Lady’s Place, on Goldwyn Avenue near Orange Center Boulevard. She also said access to capital, including loans or investment, is important. The idea for the meeting was to start a dialogue about how to lift the fortunes of people on the west side, rather than merely displace them with new development. That’s the goal of LIFT Orlando, a not-for-profit that has been working for several years to improve the neighborhood around Camping World Stadium. Martinez also brought real financial help from the bank. JP Morgan Chase has donated $400,000 to LIFT Orlando to offer more microloans to businesses in the area, which is defined by the 32805 ZIP code. Microloans are less than $150,000 that are provided to entrepreneurs who sometimes don’t meet traditional banking requirements and are trying to start businesses. Half the donated money will go to microloan provider Accion, which has an office at National Entrepreneur Center in Fashion Square Mall, to hire more loan consultants. “We have no loan clients from this ZIP code now,” said Adriana Contreras, a consultant with Accion. “We will loan to any companies, with the exception of non-profits, real estate investment companies, firearms sellers or adult entertainment.” The need for more access to loans and capital was a common issue mentioned by business owners at the event. Wiggins said she hasn’t decided yet if she will apply for a microloan with Accion. They met at Oley’s Kitchen and Smokehouse, 2700 Rio Grande Ave., about two miles south of the stadium. Oley’s is a regular breakfast spot for west-side community leaders, but the gathering Tuesday was a bit more formal. Oley’s owner, Karl Brown, praised LIFT Orlando’s efforts. “It takes a lot of people to make a business successful,” Brown said. “I remember when police would warn tourists not to go west of I-4, and now they’ve built their headquarters there and a lot of other things there.” Other needs that business owners mentioned included: Ability to compete for contracts from large companies, such as hospital systems or theme-park companies. Building an economic base of business in the area, not just accepting handouts or donations. Mentoring from experienced business people. Getting certified as a minority-owned business. Eddy Moratin, executive director of LIFT Orlando, said the microloans marked “the beginning of being much more able to help small businesses in the area.” LIFT has been focused more on improving housing in the area, replacing hundreds of vacant apartments near the stadium with a new, mixed-income development called Pendana at West Lakes. Banks often require that a business be up and running for two years or more before they qualify for a loan. But Accion will loan to companies that are only six months old, Contreras said, and they consider business owners with a credit score below 600. Accion also requires that microloan recipients haven’t filed for bankruptcy in a year, and that they haven’t been in foreclosure for at least two years. LIFT Orlando has been calling the neighborhood by a new name, West Lakes. “If West Lakes is not an attractive place to start a business then we will not be successful,” Moratin said. Got a news tip? pbrinkmann@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5660; Twitter, @PaulBrinkmann Caption Delta Airlines wins $6M judgment against Orlando businessman The judgment against Fletcher is the latest in a series of lawsuits Delta, and American Airlines, have filed against travel planning companies that use airline logos to attract victims, according to the litigation. The judgment against Fletcher is the latest in a series of lawsuits Delta, and American Airlines, have filed against travel planning companies that use airline logos to attract victims, according to the litigation. Caption Delta Airlines wins $6M judgment against Orlando businessman The judgment against Fletcher is the latest in a series of lawsuits Delta, and American Airlines, have filed against travel planning companies that use airline logos to attract victims, according to the litigation. The judgment against Fletcher is the latest in a series of lawsuits Delta, and American Airlines, have filed against travel planning companies that use airline logos to attract victims, according to the litigation. Caption The sticky business of Sugar Rush Marshmallows Jean Summers of Sugar Rush Marshmallow shares the ups and downs of her 'foodpreneur' startup and journey in the Central Florida culinary community. Jean Summers of Sugar Rush Marshmallow shares the ups and downs of her 'foodpreneur' startup and journey in the Central Florida culinary community. Caption How to make your own clothes and join the slow fashion movement The slow fashion movement is growing in Orlando thanks to a new sewing workshop series called Common Sewing which teaches people of all skill levels how to make their own clothes. The slow fashion movement is growing in Orlando thanks to a new sewing workshop series called Common Sewing which teaches people of all skill levels how to make their own clothes. Caption Liquor at grocery stores is OK with Florida lawmakers Liquor at grocery stores could soon be reality thanks to a bill passed by the House on Wednesday. The bill now heads to Gov. Rick Scott. Liquor at grocery stores could soon be reality thanks to a bill passed by the House on Wednesday. The bill now heads to Gov. Rick Scott. Caption Apopka's LiveTrends Design makes plant decor with little upkeep Apopka's LiveTrends Design has grown to 120 employees in four years designing plant decor like clothes fashion -- fast, trendy and no hassle. Apopka's LiveTrends Design has grown to 120 employees in four years designing plant decor like clothes fashion -- fast, trendy and no hassle. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Mel Martinez All Sections News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Obituaries 71°
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Diageo plc (DGE) Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Riverview Bancorp (RVSB) Share Price Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Shares Up 11.6% After Earnings Beat Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Allianzgi Convertible & Income Fund (NCV) Plans $0.07 Monthly Dividend Schaper Benz & Wise Investment Counsel Inc. WI Lowers Stake in Waters Co. (WAT) Cedar Wealth Management LLC Purchases 1,370 Shares of Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP) Shares Bought by Usca Ria LLC Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. Reduces Stake in Mattel, Inc. (MAT) Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. Sells 225 Shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) 6,025 Shares in Carter's, Inc. (CRI) Acquired by Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. U.S. Bancorp (USB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Premier Inc (PINC) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Director Ann Mather Sells 22 Shares Tamarack-Valley-Energy-Ltd (TVE) Insider Gmt Capital Corp Buys 14,800 Shares of Stock Teranga Gold Corp (TGZ) Insider Navin Dyal Purchases 25,000 Shares of Stock Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several brokerages have updated their recommendations and price targets on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (LON: RB) in the last few weeks: 5/2/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 4/28/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a GBX 8,000 ($103.29) price target on the stock. 4/26/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. They now have a GBX 6,200 ($80.05) price target on the stock. 4/26/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its price target lowered by analysts at Barclays PLC from GBX 7,230 ($93.35) to GBX 7,100 ($91.67). They now have an “equal weight” rating on the stock. 4/25/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Berenberg Bank. They now have a GBX 8,500 ($109.75) price target on the stock. 4/24/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc was given a new GBX 8,000 ($103.29) price target on by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/24/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “add” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Numis Securities Ltd. They now have a GBX 8,000 ($103.29) price target on the stock. 4/24/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 6,750 ($87.15) price target on the stock. 4/21/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc was given a new GBX 7,500 ($96.84) price target on by analysts at S&P Global. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/21/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Kepler Capital Markets. They now have a GBX 8,100 ($104.58) price target on the stock. 4/21/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 4/21/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Whitman Howard. They now have a GBX 9,000 ($116.20) price target on the stock. 4/21/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 7,650 ($98.77) price target on the stock. 4/12/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Berenberg Bank. They now have a GBX 8,500 ($109.75) price target on the stock. 4/4/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc was given a new GBX 6,750 ($87.15) price target on by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/3/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Kepler Capital Markets. They now have a GBX 8,100 ($104.58) price target on the stock. 4/3/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 3/31/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a GBX 8,000 ($103.29) price target on the stock. 3/31/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “equal weight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 7,230 ($93.35) price target on the stock. 3/29/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 7,650 ($98.77) price target on the stock. 3/27/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 3/23/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 7,650 ($98.77) price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Kepler Capital Markets. They now have a GBX 8,100 ($104.58) price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its price target raised by analysts at BNP Paribas from GBX 7,900 ($102.00) to GBX 8,300 ($107.17). They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. Shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (LON:RB) traded up 0.21% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching GBX 7126.00. The company had a trading volume of 1,893,978 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 7,320.17 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 7,047.43. The firm’s market cap is GBX 49.89 billion. Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc has a 52-week low of GBX 6,496.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 7,786.00. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 13th will be paid a GBX 95 ($1.23) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 13th. This represents a yield of 1.31%. Reckitt Benckiser Group plc is a manufacturer and marketer of health, hygiene and home products. The Company’s segments include ENA, DvM and Food. The ENA segment consists of Europe, Russia/Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), Israel, North America, Australia and New Zealand. The DvM segment consists of North Africa, Middle East (excluding Israel) and Turkey, Africa, South Asia, North Asia, Latin America, Japan, Korea and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). Receive News & Ratings for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Interview A JPMorgan Value Fund Embraces Growth Lead Manager Jonathan Simon likes Best Buy amd Dish Network rather than Apple and Tesla. By Lawrence C. Strauss Biography March 6, 2015 10:14 p.m. ET With stock valuations stretched, many value managers are shifting their portfolios at the margin, sometimes buying companies with more of a growth bent. For Jonathan Simon, the longtime lead manager of the $10.5 billion JPMorgan Value Advantage fund (ticker: JVAAX), it has meant purchasing more smaller-cap stocks, though he still holds plenty of large-cap names. Simon, 56, pays a lot of attention to cash flow—in particular, how effectively top executives allocate it. The fund is in the top 20% of Morningstar’s large-cap value category, based on one-year total returns, with a gain of 12.55%, and it ranks in the top... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. AMD Investors Should Keep Faith Amid Carnage Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Why a T-Mobile Deal Could Happen Soon Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Facebook: Things to Know Ahead of Earnings 2 How to Pick a Financial Advisor 3 Corporate Tax Cut: A Win for Shoppers Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
News Local news Clout Street Chicago Ald. Burke reports profiting from multiple investments Ald. Edward Burke Zbigniew Bzdak / Chicago Tribune Ald. Edward Burke, shown Nov. 30, 2016, reported earning more than $5,000 from each of five different investments in 2016, documents show. Ald. Edward Burke, shown Nov. 30, 2016, reported earning more than $5,000 from each of five different investments in 2016, documents show. (Zbigniew Bzdak / Chicago Tribune) Hal DardickContact ReporterChicago Tribune Privacy Policy Chicago's longest-serving alderman reported earning more than $5,000 from each of five different investments last year, including a JPMorgan Chase fund that invests in energy infrastructure, according to documents filed this week. The investment by Ald. Edward Burke, 14th, in the Alerian MLP ETF showed up on his statement of economic interests filed with Cook County Clerk David Orr's office this week. The powerful Finance Committee chairman made other profitable investments in Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp., an Indonesian energy company, a British aluminum can manufacturer and the Driehaus Small Cap fund, according to the statement. JPMorgan Chase does significant business with the city. Employee payroll direct deposits are handled from a JPMorgan account, and the firm often plays a role in city bond deals. Burke often abstains from voting because of various potential conflicts of interest, even after sometimes participating in the debate leading up to the vote. He also reported earning more than $1,200 in his role as a lawyer. His firm, Klafter & Burke, often handles property tax appeals for major firms with buildings in the city. Emanuel accepted gifts of sports tickets, travel perks last year Bill Ruthhart For the sixth straight year, Mayor Rahm Emanuel has reported receiving free transportation, sports tickets and houseguest stays from wealthy friends and political supporters. Emanuel made the disclosure on his annual economic interest statement that was due Monday and requires all Cook County politicians... For the sixth straight year, Mayor Rahm Emanuel has reported receiving free transportation, sports tickets and houseguest stays from wealthy friends and political supporters. Emanuel made the disclosure on his annual economic interest statement that was due Monday and requires all Cook County politicians... (Bill Ruthhart) The economic interest statements due Monday require all Cook County politicians to report various sources of income and gifts. Burke didn't list any gifts. The filing from Cook County Circuit Court Clerk Dorothy Brown shows she made more than $1,200 in each of two personal endeavors in 2016. One was listed simply under her name and described as "motivational/religious speaker/sales/consultant." She also listed The Sankofa Group, a firm she set up years ago that held title to a property given to her husband at no cost from a longtime campaign donor. The Sankofa Group later sold the building for $100,000 to a developer, and a probe into that deal later expanded into a continuing federal investigation into allegations that bribes were being paid for jobs and promotions in her office. One company Brown did not list was Goat Masters Corp., a goat meat supply company owned by Brown and her husband that was the subject of a recent subpoena in the federal investigation. hdardick@chicagotribune.com Twitter @ReporterHal Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune JPMorgan Chase & Co. David Orr Alderman wants Chicago cops to get clotting gauze used in combat Ald. Burke casts himself as consumer helper in light of Trump business ties Morning Spin: Ald. Burke makes awkward comment about new alderman's daughters Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 42°
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Milken Institute: Opportunities, More than Skills, Are Missing in Los Angeles County’s Entertainment Industry Report Calls for New Initiatives to Create Access, Encourage Diversity LOS ANGELES, May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The Milken Institute today issued a new report challenging Los Angeles County's entertainment industry to invest in diversifying its workforce. The report, New Skills at Work: Keeping Los Angeles at the Cutting-Edge in an Evolving Industry, found that lack of access – not lack of training or ability - excludes job seekers from careers in entertainment. The report was made possible by support from JPMorgan Chase's $250 million global initiative to tackle workforce development issues. Despite strong prospects for overall industry growth with the advent of new media and converging disciplines of technology and creative arts, the report found a sustained opportunity gap due primarily to Hollywood's traditional modes of hiring. This gap is especially large for female, minority and low-income applicants due to lack of connections, lack of exposure at home to new technologies, and more burdensome relative costs of higher education. Because Los Angeles County's entertainment sector competes globally in a fast-evolving industry to appeal to all kinds of audiences, lack of diversity in its workforce is a threat to itself as well as to the economic well-being of the region. "As new media scales up, it creates demand for people who excel in the converging worlds of entertainment and technology," said Kevin Klowden, executive director of the Milken Institute's California Center, and a co-author of the report. "If we invest in preparing students for those jobs - especially students from diverse backgrounds - we can build ladders to great careers for anyone qualified, rather than just for those who have connections. We'll stand a better chance of keeping the industry strong for generations right here in Los Angeles County." Recognizing that the gap is about opportunity, not skills, is the first key principle for employing, representing, and educating the Los Angeles entertainment sector's workforce. To act on that insight, Milken Institute urged employers and educators to create and expand internships, apprenticeships and mentoring programs for students representing diverse backgrounds. As the industry opens itself to applicants from diverse backgrounds, training programs must adapt to emerging new media and technologies. This means higher education and on-the-job coursework must reflect an awareness of skills and trends needed both for today and tomorrow. "Los Angeles can maintain its edge by training current and future workers in new technologies," said Klowden. "Educators should adapt curriculum to changes in technologies, and employers and unions should offer incumbent workers opportunities for continuing education." Access to opportunity also requires far-sighted public policy as technology and competition from other localities redistribute jobs to other cities, states and countries. The report found that online content and post-production work are particularly susceptible to relocating outside of Los Angeles County. Elected officials at the state and local levels in California must continue to analyze and adapt incentives and regulations to the changing media environment, to facilitate and encourage the growth and retention of local online content productions and new media. JPMorgan Chase funded the report as part of New Skills at Work, its five-year $250 million, global initiative to develop demand-driven workforce systems that help workers and employers compete and prosper. It builds upon earlier Milken Institute research, Hollywood's Diversity Problem: It's Not Just Actors, which called the industry to account and pointed to potential benefits from active efforts to diversify its workforce. "The creative sector in Los Angeles must develop a system of regional career pathways to help launch diverse populations into the entertainment industry," said Chauncy Lennon, Head of Workforce Initiatives, JPMorgan Chase. "Starting with internships, fellowships and apprenticeships, we believe the Milken Institute's targeted recommendations will help the creative sector develop a more diverse workforce. Given the diverse population of Los Angeles and the globalization of the media market, Hollywood must tap a wider variety of viewpoints and talent in order to appeal to a multi-cultural audience." The co-authors - Jessica Jackson, Kevin Klowden, Joe Lee, Rebecca Simon and Perry Wong, with Mike Bernick - conducted in-depth quantitative and qualitative research, based on a comprehensive assessment of American Community Survey (ACS) data, including North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) codes and occupational codes (SOC). The team gathered observations and recommendations from a wide range of stakeholders representing production studios, unions, higher education, community groups, and public economic development agencies. About The Milken Institute The Milken Institute is a nonprofit, nonpartisan think tank determined to increase global prosperity by advancing collaborative solutions that widen access to capital, create jobs, and improve health. It conducts data-driven research, convenes action-oriented meetings, and promotes meaningful policy initiatives. To learn more, visit milkeninstitute.org or follow @milkeninstitute. Contact Jill Posnick Executive Director, Communications (310) 570-4661; jposnick@milkeninstitute.org Kevin Kutz (425) 984-4777; kkutz@kkstrategies.com SOURCE Milken Institute CategoriesUncategorized TagsEntertainment, Not For Profit, Publishing/Information Services, Surveys, Polls & Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Applicant Tracking Systems World Industry Types, Application And Regions 2017 To 2022 Market Research Report. Next PostNext Global LTE-Advanced (LTE-A) Mobile Technologies Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Carleton, Inc. Completes Successful SOC 2 Audit Pink Elephant, a New Fashion-Focused Girls Organic Clothing Brand, Launches Fast-growing Firm Keystone Law, Leverages ndSync™ to Complement Progressive Technology Strategy AlphaSense Recognized Among Companies Leading the AI Revolution Julie Quaid Elected to the Board of Trustees for Collaborative Divorce Texas RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Finance What the BoA Settlement Means for the Bank – and for Banking Sep 09, 2014 Business Ethics North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote In the U.S. Justice Department’s largest civil settlement ever with a single entity, Bank of America (BoA) agreed on August 21 to pay $16.65 billion to put to rest allegations by federal and state law enforcement agencies of mortgage-related fraud during the financial crisis era. The agreement follows on the heels of two separate Justice Department settlements last year of financial crisis-era fraud with J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup.  Of BoA’s total tab, about $10 billion will go to settle federal and state civil claims and $7 billion to consumer relief, including principal reduction on underwater loans, new loans to creditworthy but struggling borrowers, community assistance, and affordable rental housing. In addition, the bank will accept an independent monitor to oversee compliance with the agreement. BoA had engaged in a drawn-out battle with the Justice Department over the settlement, balking at taking a big hit for Countrywide Financial Corporation and Merrill Lynch’s pre-2008 activities prior to BoA’s acquisition of the two. For many weeks, BoA held its offer below Justice Department demands until a July 30 ruling from Manhattan U.S. District Court Judge Jed Rakoff precipitated a breakthrough, according to press reports. Later the same day as Rakoff’s negative ruling against Countrywide in a separate mortgage-related fraud case, Attorney General Eric Holder called BoA CEO Brian Moynihan, threatening to file suit against BoA the next day if the bank did not raise its settlement offer, press reports noted. BoA relented and then entered into the final stretch of negotiations with the government. In its settlement, BoA acknowledges that it, Countrywide and Merrill Lynch sold residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) to investors without disclosing the deteriorating quality of the underlying loans in the securitized packages, leading eventually to huge investor losses. Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) were among those misled by BoA’s failure to disclose accurate information.  “… the part [of the BoA settlement] that is consumer relief will not cost nearly as much as the headline number would suggest.” –Krista Schwarz Too Big to Jail For Holder, the record settlement could help quell some of the criticism lobbed at him for not going after big banks at the center of the 2008 credit crisis more aggressively. Last year, Holder said at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing that some banks are too big for prosecutors to pursue without considering the impact on the economic system — a phenomenon mocked as “too big to jail” by critics. To date, the Justice Department has pursued few civil or criminal cases against individuals responsible for mortgage-related fraud in the financial crisis.  For his part, BoA CEO Moynihan says settlement of the Justice Department case, which he has spent his four and a half years at the helm fighting, puts the bank’s crisis-era problems behind it. The U.S. Federal Reserve this year accepted the bank’s new capital plan, allowing it to pay dividends again, and Moynihan is ready to chart BoA’s future. As for Wall Street, “though this is a larger dollar value than the J.P. Morgan Chase deal, these settlements are generally well received by financial markets,” says Wharton finance professor Krista Schwarz. “Financial markets just want to get the uncertainty behind them.” Missing the Target Sponsored Content: At a record $16.65 billion, is the BoA settlement as fierce as it sounds? Wharton and University of Pennsylvania Law School experts say that in many ways, the settlement misses the mark. For one, says Schwarz, “the part that is consumer relief will not cost nearly as much as the headline number would suggest. For example, it includes principal write-downs on mortgages that Bank of America holds, but that is generally going to be writing off money that Bank of America could never have collected anyway.” What’s more, the settlement doesn’t directly compensate those hurt and punish those accountable, say experts.“In this settlement, the core is defrauding the investors in securitization transactions,” notes David Skeel, a University of Pennsylvania Law School corporate law professor. “I understand the desire to help homeowners, but litigation based on other wrongs seems to be a really indirect way to them. It’s very political and a bit arbitrary.” Kent Smetters, a Wharton professor of business economics and public policy, points out that those punished by the big-dollar settlement — BoA’s current shareholders — aren’t necessarily the ones who violated the law. “Probably my biggest concern is the conflict of interest faced by both parties negotiating. The government has the incentive to collect a lot of fine revenue, and bank executives have the incentive to write large checks, especially if there is an implicit understanding that the government won’t really pursue additional civil or criminal charges. But I am concerned that the bank’s shareholders are not being properly represented.” In addition, consumers who suffered from by BoA’s relaxed crisis-era practices on mortgage underwriting standards are likely out of luck, while a different set of consumers altogether could benefit. “The people who held subprime mortgages that they could not sustain and who lost their homes in connection to the pre-2008 mortgage market are lost from the picture” by now, says William Bratton, deputy dean of the University of Pennsylvania Law School and co-director of the Institute for Law and Economics, a joint research center of the law school, Wharton and the University of Pennsylvania’s economics department. “The bum debt papers were generated by large institutions on a mechanized basis. The CEOs were far away from the operations. They made bad business decisions, but they are not criminal.” –William Bratton Still others who were hurt are also left without compensation, adds Catherine M. Schrand, a Wharton accounting professor. “To the extent that Bank of America’s activities contributed to the [overall economic] crisis, many more people were indirectly harmed, and the settlement cannot help them.”   To achieve more perfect payback, many, including prominent Justice Department critic U.S. District Court Judge Rakoff, say the agency should pursue individuals at banks responsible for dubious underwriting and disclosure practices. That may sound right in theory, but the cases are often difficult to bring, say University of Pennsylvania law experts. “These cases [against individuals] are the big missing piece of the aftermath of the financial crisis,” acknowledges Skeel. But “often, the most visible executives at the banks weren’t directly involved in any of the misbehavior. In the normal mortgage securitization process, it’s not obvious that someone like Jamie Dimon committed a crime.”  Bratton agrees: “The bum debt papers were generated by large institutions on a mechanized basis. The CEOs were far away from the operations. They made bad business decisions, but they are not criminal.” Turning Bad to Good  Still, is it possible that big-dollar settlements could provide some deterrent to future bad behavior? It’s unlikely, as it’s difficult to change human behavior, but possible in some ways, says Schrand. Her research shows that “many frauds occur because managers slide down a slippery slope.” Even though Bank of America managers likely realized that the mortgage pool risk was increasing, “they sold the pools anyway, thinking that the increased risk wasn’t that significant, so they were able to justify it in their minds,” she notes. “Then the risk grew but by then, BoA was in too deep. They [had to] continue not disclosing.” Jill Fisch, a University of Pennsylvania law school professor and co-director of the Institute for Law and Economics, agrees: “Given the pervasiveness of practices, it’s hard to imagine that people at the time would have been swayed by the prospect of financial liability. There are hundreds of thousands of individual mortgage bankers and traders, and [other] people who had a huge role, that this settlement does not in any way directly come to terms with.” Yet, large settlements like BoA’s could encourage banks to increase monitoring of employee behavior, says Schrand. “While individuals may still have a natural tendency to behave badly, the firm has internal controls that can detect or prevent such behavior.”  Notes Bratton: “After passage of the Dodd Frank Act, it’s very important to take aggressive government enforcement action if any of this regulation is to be taken seriously. As the magnitude of settlements continues to increase and become more serious, there will be an effect, though no prevention.” Onward and Upward Whether through law enforcement or other means, a transformation in banking culture is sorely needed, say experts. “The impact of enforcement action in the mortgage arena [and in other financial areas] is a profound loss of confidence in the integrity of financial system,” says Karen Shaw Petrou, managing partner at Federal Financial Analytics, a bank consulting firm in Washington, D.C. “The challenge is to establish cultures in financial services firms that protect the customer, but it’s very difficult to mandate good behavior. It’s going to take a long time to come up with a renewed balance built into the marrow of the financial system, which is controlled through the trading side of the business, which is focused on the short-term.” “We actually don’t want too much confidence in the banking sector. Rather, we want the right amount based on market fundamentals.” –Kent Smetters Smetters says that a lack of public confidence in the banks may help financial institutions find their way: “We actually don’t want too much confidence in the banking sector. Rather, we want the right amount based on market fundamentals. Twitter  The market believes that the government will bail out the bigger banks that are deemed to be Systemically Important Financial Institutions (SIFI’s). Instead, the efficient solution is for the market to do its own due diligence, precisely because they don’t have the confidence that the government will bail out the SIFI’s.” Despite the shortcomings of the Bank of America settlement in mismatching compensation to victims and punishments to wrongdoers, the government action may still help incentivize better behavior in the banking sector. “The harm done by lending and securitization practices before the crisis was so broad that there is no practical way of precisely identifying who was harmed, by whom, and by how much,” says Schwarz. “So, maybe a settlement of this sort is the closest thing to justice that is feasible in the real world.” Twitter  Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "What the BoA Settlement Means for the Bank – and for Banking." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 09 September, 2014. Web. 03 May, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/bank-of-america-lawsuit-settlement/> APA What the BoA Settlement Means for the Bank – and for Banking. Knowledge@Wharton (2014, September 09). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/bank-of-america-lawsuit-settlement/ Chicago "What the BoA Settlement Means for the Bank – and for Banking" Knowledge@Wharton, September 09, 2014, accessed May 03, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/bank-of-america-lawsuit-settlement/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Finance Is the U.S. Stock Market Headed Higher — or for a Crash? Concern is building that the U.S. stock market is dangerously high. Wharton experts weigh in -- and offer advice for investors. Public Policy Building a Better American Voting System A new report by the Penn Wharton Public Policy Initiative looks at the state of U.S. voting technology. Sponsored Content The Digital Leader: Self-transformation for Long-term Success The key to successful digital transformation of companies in the long run is the self-transformation of the business leader.   Join The Discussion 4 Comments So Far Log In or sign up to comment Robert Sherman In all these bank settlements there is never an explanation of what the Federal Government does with the money it receives. Does it go to pay down the deficit? If not, why not? If it’s used to fund positions that the House and Senate did not fund, then it’s an inappropriate use of money. alice cranford Where is the relief money (settlement) for the homeowners from the settlement? LARRY BOHRINGER HOW DO I GET HELP B.O.A WAS THE OWNER OF MY LOAN SERVICESED BY SUN TRUST I GOT MY LOAN MODIFED THREW THE H.A.R.P PROGRAM INSTEAD OF GETTING A REDUCTION IN PRINCIPAL THEY TACT ON 50.000 TO MY NEW LOAN PLEASE SOMEBODY WITH ANY INFO THAT CAN HELP SEND ME IN TO THE RIGHT DIRECTION Karen Clark How can I reach someone to see when settlement will be distributed? Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Trump may want to break up big banks, but can he? CBS News Larry Light 20 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 10 financial statistics that sum up average Americans Take a look inside the chain that's defying the retail apocalypse © Reuters U.S. President Donald Trump delivers the keynote address at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum’s “Days of Remembrance” ceremony in the Capitol Rotunda in Washington, D.C., on April 25, 2017. President Donald Trump has resurrected last year's campaign trail cure for too-big-to-fail banks. He's again talking up the Depression-era law that splits the banks apart, by separating consumer and Wall-Street-style banking. What are the chances of that actually happening? Slender. At issue is the Glass-Steagall Act, enacted in 1933 and repealed in 1999. It barred lenders from doing both commercial banking (taking deposits, making home loans and the like) and investment banking (floating stocks and bonds). But thus far, there's no big groundswell in Washington to bring it back Quotes in the article Lehman Brothers Holdings Capital Trust V LHHMQ ▲ 0.0732 +0.0122 +20.00% JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM ▼ 86.50 -0.56 -0.64% Goldman Sachs Group Inc GSPRA ▲ 24.04 +0.06 +0.25% Bank of America Corporation BAC ▼ 23.53 -0.08 -0.34% AdChoices None of the legislation that Republicans in Congress are considering includes a revival of the law. It's tangled up with GOP efforts to weaken or overturn the Dodd-Frank Act, passed in 2010, which imposes heavier federal oversight and rules on financial institutions. While many Democrats want to reshape Dodd-Frank, they basically want to keep it. A new version of Glass-Steagall would get in the way. A lot of financial luminaries would oppose reprising the law, arguing that it would rip apart an intricate system and end up harming ordinary Americans. That's essentially the argument of Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase (JPM), who has said the lack of "Glass-Steagall had nothing to do with the crisis." Mr. Trump admires Dimon, and the CEO surely would have sizable influence on the president's thinking if a new Glass-Steagall were to ever go beyond a talking point.  How deeply Mr. Trump favors it remains to be seen. He raised the topic Monday in an interview with Bloomberg News. "I'm looking at that right now," he said about breaking up banks. "There's some people that want to go back to the old system, right? So we're going to look at that." Prior to Glass-Steagall's demise, Goldman Sachs (GS) and its ilk had free rein to issue securities, engineer mortgages and launch initial public offerings, all highly lucrative areas that JPMorgan and others like Bank of America (BAC) and Citigroup (C) were prevented from invading.     As a candidate, Mr. Trump called for a "21st century" Glass-Steagall law, as did the 2016 Republican party platform. Some on Capitol Hill believe overturning the measure led in part to the 2008 financial crisis, a claim the banking industry dismisses. Load Error Two important voices in the Trump administration -- Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn -- have called for passing an updated version of Glass-Steagall. Details on what that might be are sparse, however.  Both Mnuchin and Cohn previously worked for Goldman Sachs. Their support of a new Glass-Steagall isn't so surprising, though. Goldman has never had a big hankering to get involved in the less-profitable commercial banking arena. It does have a small retail banking subsidiary, started in the wake of the crisis when Washington forced all big financial players to become bank holding companies, making them subject to more federal supervision and bailout funding. But the retail bank is a rounding error in Goldman's financial statements. Still, how deep is the Trump economic team's backing of Glass-Steagall? During his confirmation hearing, Mnuchin said he was against reprising Glass-Steagall along its 1930s lines. He warned that separating commercial and investment banks could harm access to credit and curb liquidity, which is the ability to turn assets quickly into cash. The president could press the argument that Glass-Steagall 2.0 would prevent a recurrence of  the too-big-to-fail phenomenon, which federal officialdom embraced during the crisis. Lehman Brothers' September 2008 collapse was a cautionary tale for Washington and a major catalyst for the policy of propping up giant "systemically important" financial institutions at all costs. Republicans like Sen. John McCain of Arizona and Democrats like Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts agree on the need to back away from that sentiment. After Mr. Trump's remarks were published early afternoon Monday, the KBW Banking Index fell by 0.55 percent. JPMorgan was off by 0.71 percent. Nevertheless, the index has advanced 18 percent since the election. That beats the 10.7 percent rise of the S&P 500 during that period.  A lot of obstacles stand in the way of a Glass-Steagall encore. Senate Banking Committee Chairman Mike Crapo (R-Idaho) has indicated that Congress is 12 months away from looking at a Dodd-Frank overhaul. "While some Republicans say they are supportive of a return of Glass-Steagall, we are uncertain their support would hold if the matter came to a vote," wrote FBR Capital analysts in a research note.   Jaret Seiberg, an analyst with Cowen and Co., believes the odds of legislation to remove the heavy hand of federal bank rules are small -- and the better path is to wait for Mr. Trump to appoint more congenial regulators.  "These Trump nominees will be able to rewrite existing rules, change guidance and alter enforcement priorities," he wrote. "The result could be material regulatory relief even if Congress is unable to enact any changes."  Related video: Trump on working with Congress and his 100 days rally Click to expand Replay Video Medical marijuana is safe from a federal crackdown for now Congress included a provision in its new budget bill that says the Department of Justice can't spend money on medical marijuana prosecutions. Newsy Infosys is hiring thousands of American workers The Indian outsourcing firm announced it will hire 10,000 Americans for tech jobs in the U.S. over the next two years. CNBC The best things to buy in May Every month has both deals and duds when it comes to shopping. So what are the best buys and things to avoid for the month of May? Money Talks News SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Trump on working with Congress and his 100 days rally CBS News See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Medical marijuana is safe from a federal crackdown for now Newsy1:02 Infosys is hiring thousands of American workers CNBC0:56 The best things to buy in May Money Talks News1:17 These counterfeit 'supernotes' almost tricked the Secret Service Science Channel1:35 Gander Mountain is closing a bunch of stores Veuer0:48 Interns at these companies are earning major cash Buzz601:14 The man who builds Lego for a living CNN Money1:55 This machine can't stop making bricks Business Insider1:05 Will consumer taste against cars continue? Bloomberg1:53 United CEO faces an angry Congress Associated Press2:07 These truck drivers rely on trade with Mexico. Are their jobs in jeopardy? The Washington Post3:20 US automakers see April sales decline Wochit Business0:35 Refurbs and rental jets in vogue for China's elite Reuters1:41 Does the airline industry need more competition? Fox Business2:38 Why Trump will consider a gas tax Fox Business1:15 Apple has more than $250 billion in the bank Veuer0:45 UP NEXT Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CBS News 7 of the safest cars on the road CBS News CBS News View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Steris PLC (STE) Stake Cut by First Quadrant L P CA Osamu R. Watanabe Sells 4,225 Shares of Moelis & Co (MC) Stock Alexandria Capital LLC Has $1.236 Million Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Buys 18,672 Shares of Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) First Quadrant L P CA Acquires Shares of 34,157 KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Position Increased by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC 1,672 Shares in Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Acquired by Mycio Wealth Partners LLC David L. Hatcher Sells 3,000 Shares of KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Stock NBT Bank N A NY Cuts Position in Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Gap Inc (GPS) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Stake Boosted by Progressive Investment Management Corp Antero Resources Corp (AR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Kimball Electronics Inc (KE) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.07 EPS First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Reduces Stake in Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) Sit Investment Associates Inc. Has $259,000 Position in Commercial Metals Company (CMC) K Bro Linen Inc to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.33 Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts (KBL) Sit Investment Associates Inc. Increases Stake in JD.Com Inc (JD) Astec Industries, Inc. (aste) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.10 RGC Resources Inc. (RGCO) Posts Earnings Results Prudential Financial’s (PRU) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for General Electric Company (GE) May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several analysts have recently updated their ratings and price targets for General Electric Company (NYSE: GE): 4/27/2017 – General Electric Company was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $30.43 price target on the stock. 4/25/2017 – General Electric Company was downgraded by analysts at Bank of America Corp from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating. They now have a $31.00 price target on the stock, down previously from $35.00. 4/25/2017 – General Electric Company had its price target raised by analysts at Stifel Nicolaus from $32.00 to $33.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/24/2017 – General Electric Company had its price target lowered by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada from $36.00 to $35.00. They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 4/24/2017 – General Electric Company had its price target lowered by analysts at Argus from $36.00 to $33.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/24/2017 – General Electric Company had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 4/20/2017 – General Electric Company had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Cowen and Company. They now have a $30.00 price target on the stock. They wrote, “GE Power supplier WWD noted soft IGT upgrade orders (for WWD’s components).”” 4/14/2017 – General Electric Company was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $30.43 price target on the stock. 4/11/2017 – General Electric Company had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a $34.00 price target on the stock. 4/5/2017 – General Electric Company had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a $28.00 price target on the stock. 4/4/2017 – General Electric Company was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $33.56 price target on the stock. 4/3/2017 – General Electric Company had its “underweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 4/1/2017 – General Electric Company had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at William Blair. 3/28/2017 – General Electric Company had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a $27.00 price target on the stock. 3/28/2017 – General Electric Company was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating. They now have a $33.56 price target on the stock. 3/23/2017 – General Electric Company had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BMO Capital Markets. 3/22/2017 – General Electric Company had its “positive” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. 3/20/2017 – General Electric Company had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a $36.00 price target on the stock. 3/20/2017 – General Electric Company was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating. According to Zacks, “General Electric’s multi-billion deal with Baker Hughes is likely to boost the Oil & Gas segment revenues. General Electric further aims to grow its 3D manufacturing business to $1 billion by 2020 through opportune acquisitions. The company has almost completed the GE Capital exit plan about one year ahead of the schedule to focus on core industrial operations with a digital edge. With a healthy ROI from the Alstom deal, the company has offered a bullish guidance for 2017 and expects a steady rise in operating profits. However, for a company as large as General Electric, the additional revenues needed for growth are quite large, posing a challenge in developing businesses on such a vast scale. Significant order backlog, high operating risks related to the Brexit referendum and foreign currency volatility remain other headwinds. The company has also underperformed the industry in the last three months on macroeconomic and currency woes.” 3/14/2017 – General Electric Company was given a new $29.00 price target on by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 3/7/2017 – General Electric Company was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating. According to Zacks, “For a company as large as General Electric, the additional revenues needed for growth are quite large, posing a challenge in developing businesses on such a vast scale. Significant order backlog, high operating risks related to the Brexit referendum and foreign currency volatility remain other headwinds. Export-oriented Industrials like General Electric are likely to face significant headwinds with a stronger dollar. Margins have contracted in the last reported quarter, despite stringent cost-cutting and simplification initiatives, owing to highly volatile environment and sluggish growth across the globe. The company has also underperformed the industry in the last three months on macroeconomic and currency woes. However, its multi-billion deal with Baker Hughes is likely to boost the Oil & Gas segment revenues through signs of re-conglomeration. The exit of GE Capital ahead of schedule and bullish 2017guidance remain positives.” 3/6/2017 – General Electric Company had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. They now have a $37.00 price target on the stock. Shares of General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) opened at 28.94 on Tuesday. General Electric Company has a one year low of $28.19 and a one year high of $33.00. The company has a market capitalization of $252.18 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 29.47 and a beta of 1.20. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $29.68 and a 200-day moving average of $30.25. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Friday, April 21st. The conglomerate reported $0.21 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.17 by $0.04. The company earned $27.66 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $26.37 billion. General Electric Company had a return on equity of 15.99% and a net margin of 6.86%. General Electric Company’s revenue was down .7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.21 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that General Electric Company will post $1.63 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Investors of record on Monday, February 27th were given a $0.24 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, February 23rd. This represents a $0.96 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.32%. General Electric Company’s dividend payout ratio is presently 106.67%. In other General Electric Company news, Vice Chairman David Leon Joyce sold 159,662 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $29.56, for a total value of $4,719,608.72. Following the sale, the insider now owns 738,907 shares in the company, valued at $21,842,090.92. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Marijn E. Dekkers bought 20,000 shares of General Electric Company stock in a transaction on Monday, April 24th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $29.90 per share, for a total transaction of $598,000.00. Following the purchase, the director now owns 1,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $29,900. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 0.23% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Man Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Man Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Receives “Hold” Rating from Nomura Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Earns Buy Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Webster Financial (WBS) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.28 Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Waste Connections (WCN) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Zalando Se (ZLNDY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Cowen and Company Reaffirms Hold Rating for United Therapeutics Co. (UTHR) Todd P. Kelsey Sells 2,000 Shares of Plexus Corp. (PLXS) Stock John R. Layman Sells 1,800 Shares of Banner Co. (BANR) Stock Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) to Sell First Mercantile Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) Hyster-Yale Materials Handling Inc (HY) Upgraded to Outperform at Robert W. Baird Delta Asset Management LLC TN Raises Stake in Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Fortune Brands Home & Security Inc (FBHS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC First Mercantile Trust Co. Continues to Hold Stake in Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) First Mercantile Trust Co. Increases Stake in Shake Shack Inc (SHAK) Northwest Bancshares, Inc. (NWBI) Stake Reduced by First Mercantile Trust Co. First Mercantile Trust Co. Reduces Stake in American Tower Corp (AMT) Facebook Inc (FB) Rating Reiterated by Cantor Fitzgerald First Mercantile Trust Co. Buys 9,758 Shares of Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Increases Man Group Plc (EMG) Price Target to GBX 175 May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Man Group Plc (LON:EMG) had its target price lifted by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 170 ($2.19) to GBX 175 ($2.26) in a report released on Friday. The brokerage currently has an “overweight” rating on the investment management company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target would indicate a potential upside of 12.53% from the company’s current price. A number of other brokerages have also commented on EMG. Shore Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Man Group Plc in a research note on Monday, March 13th. Jefferies Group LLC upped their price target on shares of Man Group Plc from GBX 167 ($2.16) to GBX 169 ($2.18) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 195 ($2.52) price target on shares of Man Group Plc in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Liberum Capital reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 148 ($1.91) price target on shares of Man Group Plc in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 135 ($1.74) price target on shares of Man Group Plc in a research note on Thursday, April 20th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the stock. Man Group Plc has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of GBX 154.23 ($1.99). Shares of Man Group Plc (LON:EMG) opened at 154.93 on Friday. Man Group Plc has a one year low of GBX 102.50 and a one year high of GBX 154.93. The firm’s market cap is GBX 2.57 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average of GBX 146.99 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 131.77. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 20th will be paid a GBX 3.62 ($0.05) dividend. This is an increase from Man Group Plc’s previous dividend of $3.43. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 20th. This represents a yield of 2.52%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/jpmorgan-chase-co-increases-man-group-plc-emg-price-target-to-gbx-175.html. About Man Group Plc Man Group plc is the holding company for the Man group of companies and affiliated entities (the Group). The Company operates in the alternative investment management sector. The Company has a geographically diverse investor base. It distributes to private investors through a network of over 4,000 intermediaries, and manages its institutional relationships directly. Receive News & Ratings for Man Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Man Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States JPMorgan Says Buy 5 Top Banks on Recent Sector Weakness By Lee Jackson May 2, 2017 8:20 am EDT Print Email Tweet While the earnings season is set to wind down after what was a very solid quarter, one sector has been weak since March, and despite posting some solid results, has only partially recovered. JPMorgan is out with a new research report, and its analysts feel there is some solid value for patient investors. The report noted this: As we look ahead into the second quarter, we expect large bank earnings to remain moderate and credit quality overall to remain good. Large bank stocks are attractively valued relative to the market, trading closer to the low end of the historical range of relative P/E multiples to the S&P 500 seen during periods of economic recovery. With credit quality at the top companies in solid shape, and deposits rising at a faster than expected rate, the overall outlook appears good. While investment banking levels were softer in April than March in some areas, the analysts see the hiccup as seasonal and partly due to some uncertainty. They expect the rest of the quarter to improve. These five stocks are rated Overweight at JPMorgan. Bank of America The company posted solid first-quarter results, and it expects a significant increase in net interest income for the current quarter. Bank of America Corp. (NYSE: BAC) is a ubiquitous presence in the United States, providing various banking and financial products and services for individual consumers, small and middle market businesses, institutional investors, corporations and governments in the United States and internationally. It operates some 5,100 banking centers, 16,300 ATMs, call centers, online and a mobile banking platform. The company is one of the larger lenders to the oil and gas industry, and it told analysts earlier this year that it had set aside more money for coverage of loans to the industry that may go bad. Overall credit quality remained strong, while consumer portfolios continued to improve and commercial portfolios remained stable with energy improving. Bank of America investors are paid a small 1.3% dividend. The JPMorgan price target for the stock is $25, and the Wall Street consensus target is $25.39. The stock closed most recently at $23.61 per share. Citigroup This top bank is trading at the same level it was in the summer of 2015. Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C) has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. It provides consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services and wealth management. Trading at a still very cheap 10 times estimated 2018 earnings, the bank looks very reasonable in what is becoming a pricey stock market. A continuing stock buyback program is a big positive. The company’s institutional clients group appeared to be holding its ground last quarter. Citigroup investors are paid a 1.08% dividend. JPMorgan has a $65 price target for the shares. The posted consensus price objective is $64.74, and the shares closed on Monday at $59.46 apiece. Pages: 1/2 « Value or Value Trap: Meet the 21 S&P 500 Stocks Valued Under 10 Times Earnings March Home Prices Rise Most in Washington, Utah, Oregon » Read more: Banking & Finance, Analyst Upgrades, featured, Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC), Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C), PNC Financial Services (NYSE:PNC), SunTrust Banks, Inc. (NYSE:STI) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Hit Hardest by Extreme Poverty Countries Buying the Most Weapons From the US Government Retailers Closing the Most Stores The Best (and Worst) States for Business 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America Recent 25 Cities With the Healthiest Diets Why Apple Earnings Aren’t Enough For Investors It Had to Happen: Frontier Communications Cuts Dividend by 62% Tuesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Whole Foods Market, Inc. Stock Jumped 22.4% in April Chipotle Now Has Dessert: Could It Be Sweet for Investors? The 4 Most Popular Bank Websites Apple stock falls 1% following earnings Fireye shares resume trading, up 15% after halt, earnings Apple Q2 iPhone unit 50.8 million vs. 51 million, FactSet est. 52 million Five Breakout Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) Stocks on the Move Oil & Gas Stock Roundup: Exxon & Chevron's Q1 Beat, Pembina's $7.1B Buy & More Sysco (SYY) to Report Q3 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock? Tech propels Wall Street as Nasdaq sets record U.S. factory activity slows; inflation pressures subside Trump says actively considering breaking up big banks: Bloomberg TV No fun in Utah? Jazz fans turn tables on Warriors' razz Buffett to Face Big Crowd as Berkshire Grows Malaysian family sue Honda, Takata in US over air bag defect The Eagles Sue Hotel California Richard Branson Shares Details About His Experience With Dyslexia Mitch McConnell Dumps On Trump's Demand To Change Filibuster Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Trump rally altercations could add to legal woes The President’s Secret Air Force Dawdling Congress tests Trump's patience Ryan makes an unlikely ally: The Freedom Caucus 'I have a right to try to define Republicanism' Trump’s warm words for strongmen set off alarms Politico Playbook POLITICO's must-read briefing on what's driving the day in Washington Get the Playbook Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print FOR THE WHITE HOUSE: A list of things you’re doing that are annoying Hill Rs -- HEALTH CARE BILL teeters -- TRUMP to call Putin -- INSIDE GEORGE WILL’S baseball party -- B’DAY: Mika AND Jesse Rodriguez By JAKE SHERMAN (sherman@politico.com; @JakeSherman) and ANNA PALMER (anna@politico.com; @apalmerdc) with DANIEL LIPPMAN (daniel@politico.com; @dlippman) 05/02/17 06:44 AM EDT Driving the Day Listen to the Playbook Audio Briefing http://bit.ly/2qocmaC ... Subscribe on iTunes http://apple.co/2eX6Eay ... Visit the online home of Playbook http://politi.co/2f51Jnf BULLETIN -- AP at 4:21 a.m. -- “LOS ANGELES (AP) - Tentative deal reached between TV and film writers and producers, averting costly strike.” Variety’s story http://bit.ly/2p3R4uF Story Continued Below Good Tuesday morning. And just like that, Republicans pretty good start to the week seems to have gone off the rails. CHEAT SHEET FOR THE WHITE HOUSE -- FOUR THINGS THINGS YOU’RE DOING THAT ANNOY CAPITOL HILL REPUBLICANS: 1) Talking about when a congressional vote should and will take place. 2) Talking about whip counts. 3) Misrepresenting the content and substance of legislation. 4) Reversing decades of Republican orthodoxy -- like expressing openness to hiking the gas tax -- without warning. **SUBSCRIBE to Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP and HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADERS HAVE AN ISSUE. Rank-and-file Republicans appear to be disinterested in passing the party’s Obamacare replacement bill. HuffPost’s Matt Fuller is keeping a whip list, and believes 19 Republicans are publicly against the bill, nine lean no and 15 are undecided (http://huff.to/2pCFZ7e). These things change. But as of now, that count puts the White House and House Republican leadership seriously behind the eight ball. Assuming everyone is present, the GOP can only afford 22 nos. IT FEELS LIKE WE’RE AT A TIPPING POINT. Because if you are publicly against the bill, that probably means you believe your constituents think it’s bad policy. And flipping last minute under pressure from the White House or Republican leaders is a risky move, politically. Just ask any of the Democrats who were the “deciding vote” on Obamacare. REMEMBER: This bill, in its current form, will not go anywhere in the Senate. It will be massively overhauled at best, or pushed aside, at worst. IF IT DOESN’T GET DONE THIS WEEK, it becomes even more difficult. The House is out of session next week. Lawmakers are sure to hear about this when they go home and the key takeaways from town halls thus far has been a steady drumbeat of opposition to repealing Obamacare. Some political and substantive dynamic has to change to get this bill through. -- KEY DYNAMICS YOU NEED TO UNDERSTAND: KYLE CHENEY, RACHAEL BADE and JOSH DAWSEY write that Trump’s comments have hurt the chances of passing the bill: “The president told Bloomberg News in an interview Monday morning that the bill might change to provide more protections to people with preexisting conditions. ‘It’s not in its final form right now,’ he said. Trump’s comments frustrated the House whip effort, as some members interpreted them to mean the president was reopening negotiations. “‘I don’t know if there are going to be any kinds of changes,’ said Rep. Patrick Meehan (R-Pa.), who opposes the AHCA, as he exited a meeting of Ryan’s whip team. By late evening Monday, Trump was calling lawmakers to walk back his comments. … “While walking into a vote-counting meeting in the basement of the Capitol Monday evening, half a dozen whips -- including Reps. Erik Paulsen (R-Minn.), David Valadao (R-Calif.) and Kevin Yoder (R-Kan.) -- said they remained undecided. Meanwhile, House Appropriations Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen, another whip, rushed out of the meeting to avoid reporters. The New Jersey Republican previously opposed the bill, but GOP insiders said leadership and other senior House Republicans had changed his mind. Frelinghuysen refused to say how he intends to vote.” http://politi.co/2qsIMh2 -- HEALTH GURU DAN DIAMOND on “5 Trump health care promises that won’t become reality”: http://politi.co/2qsQl7G DAWSEY AGAIN takes stock of “Trump’s dizzying day of interviews”: “President Donald Trump questioned why the Civil War— which erupted 150 years ago over slavery — needed to happen. He said he would be ‘honored’ to meet with Kim Jong-Un, the violent North Korean dictator who is developing nuclear missiles and oppresses his people, under the ‘right circumstances.’ The president floated, and backed away from, a tax on gasoline. Trump said he was ‘looking at’ breaking up the big banks, sending the stock market sliding. He seemed to praise Philippines strongman President Rodrigo Duterte for his high approval ratings. He promised changes to the Republican health care bill, though he has seemed unsure what was in the legislation, even as his advisers whipped votes for it. And Monday still had nine hours to go.” -- STUNNING QUOTE: “It seems to be among the most bizarre recent 24 hours in American presidential history,’ said Douglas Brinkley, a presidential historian. ‘It was all just surreal disarray and a confused mental state from the president.” http://politi.co/2pSil7w ANNIE KARNI -- FROM 30K FEET -- “Trump’s warm words for strongmen set off alarms: The deal-making president appears to be buttering up totalitarian leaders with long records of human rights abuses”: “He has extended a White House invitation to Filipino president Rodrigo Duterte, a leader who has defended the assassination of journalists and condoned extrajudicial killings in the name of his war on drugs. In multiple interviews, President Donald Trump has also heaped praise on North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, calling him a ‘smart cookie,’ and saying he would be ‘honored’ to meet with him under the right circumstances. “And the president who prides himself on upending political norms called Turkey’s authoritarian president Recep Tayyip Erdogan to congratulate him on winning a referendum that will allow him to continue his autocratic rule over the country. Trump’s warm rhetoric toward totalitarian leaders is a sharp break from the presidents before him. It’s reflective of a commander in chief naturally impressed by blunt displays of power and influence, sensitive to shows of disrespect, who is still processing his own shock victory in the 2016 election, and who has no diplomatic experience on the world stage.” http://politi.co/2ppg56a -- SEUNG MIN KIM and AUSTIN WRIGHT: “Congress claws back power from Trump”: “Lawmakers want the Trump administration to lay out a detailed plan to deal with the Islamic State and Syria’s Bashar Assad. So they tucked in a provision in the 1,665-page spending plan to withhold $2.5 billion in defense funds until the proposal to battle ISIS is produced. Because Republicans and Democrats don’t want Attorney General Jeff Sessions and his Justice Department to muck around with states that allow medical marijuana, they included language in the bill barring the anti-pot attorney general from interfering with those laws. The measure also contains three separate reminders for Trump, who did not seek congressional approval before launching missile strikes against the Syrian government last month, that he must obey the War Powers Act. That law limits his ability to send U.S. troops into combat without a congressional vote.” http://politi.co/2p0LIQ6 ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: "The same attributes that drive business success — innovation, ingenuity and the ability to efficiently marshal human and financial capital — also offer tremendous promise to help solve pressing societal challenges," Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon notes in the JPMorgan Chase Corporate Responsibility Report. http://politi.co/2qeIFZc ****** MATT FLEGENHEIMER and MAGGIE HABERMAN on A19 of the NYT: “‘You’re the Best,’ Trump Once Told Pelosi. Can They Deal Again?”: “As Mr. Trump strains to demonstrate progress on his main campaign pledges, he has slogged through his early months with few Sherpas on Capitol Hill, pursuing halting partnerships with Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, and Speaker Paul D. Ryan that have yielded few legislative successes. “Ms. Pelosi … will not help Mr. Trump dismantle President Barack Obama’s signature law. She will not shepherd his tax plan, which she has called a ‘wish list for billionaires.’ But with an ideologically shape-shifting president -- and a former speaker seeking relevance in a moment when the title of House minority leader often confers little -- she seems to retain at least a measure of hope that the man she met in his previous political life might re-emerge. “‘I could be helpful to him,’ Ms. Pelosi offered without prompting during an interview last week in her office at the Capitol, saying that she knew how to address some Republicans’ concerns over the Affordable Care Act and would gladly help if they stopped pushing for a full repeal. ‘We’re not here to obstruct him.’” http://nyti.ms/2pDJBWB ABBAS COMES TO WASHINGTON TOMORROW -- “Hamas Drops Call for Israel’s Destruction,” by WSJ’s Rory Jones in Tel Aviv and Abu Bakr Bashir in Gaza City: “The Palestinian militant group Hamas dropped its explicit call for Israel’s destruction on Monday, a bid to overhaul its image as the Trump White House explores reviving Middle East peace efforts. Hamas, which rules the Gaza Strip, also formally accepted in its revised charter the notion of a Palestinian state in territories Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East war. But the group didn’t recognize Israel and still expressed an ambition to take over all Israeli territory in the long run. ... U.S. and Israeli officials said they didn’t see the move as a real change in the approach of Hamas, which has been designated a terrorist organization by the U.S. and other Western governments.” http://on.wsj.com/2pSmNTE SWAMP DRAINING UPDATE -- “Top Ethics Officer Challenges Trump Over Secret Waivers for Ex-Lobbyists,” by NYT’s Eric Lipton: “The federal government’s top ethics officer is challenging the Trump administration’s issuance of secret waivers that allow former lobbyists to handle matters they recently worked on, setting up a confrontation between the ethics office and President Trump. The move by Walter M. Shaub Jr., the director of the Office of Government Ethics, is the latest sign of rising tension between Mr. Shaub and the Trump White House. “Mr. Shaub has tried several times to use his limited powers to force Mr. Trump to broadly honor federal ethics rules as well as the ethics order that Mr. Trump himself signed in late January. Historically, the Office of Government Ethics — a tiny operation that has just 71 employees but that supervises an ethics program covering 2.7 million civilian executive branch workers — has maintained a low profile. “Created in 1978 after the Watergate scandal, it does not have subpoena power or its own investigators. But Mr. Shaub, in the last year of a five-year presidential appointment, is now pressing Mr. Trump for more information on former lobbyists or employees of corporations working in the president’s administration. The effort started before Inauguration Day to persuade Mr. Trump and his staff to comply with more conventional ethics standards used during the Obama and George W. Bush administrations.” http://nyti.ms/2pCKD5g -- “Trump’s new campaign ad mirrors one produced by pro-Trump nonprofit,” by Shane Goldmacher: http://politi.co/2qzkgu1 KEEPING THEM HONEST -- “Trump Adviser Jared Kushner Didn’t Disclose Startup Stake: Investments show ties to Goldman Sachs, George Soros and Peter Thiel as well as a number of loans,” by WSJ’s Jean Eaglesham, Juliet Chung and Lisa Schwartz: “Jared Kushner … didn’t identify on his government financial disclosure form that he is currently a part-owner of a real-estate finance startup and has a number of loans from banks on properties he co-owns, according to securities filings. “Mr. Kushner’s stake in Cadre -- a tech startup that pairs investors with big real-estate projects—means the senior White House official is currently a business partner of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and billionaires including George Soros and Peter Thiel, according to people close to the company. The Cadre stake is one of many interests -- and ties to large financial institutions -- that Mr. Kushner didn’t identify on his disclosure form, according to a Wall Street Journal review of securities and other filings. Others include loans totaling at least $1 billion, from more than 20 lenders, to properties and companies part-owned by Mr. Kushner, the Journal found. He has also provided personal guarantees on more than $300 million of the debt, according to the analysis.” http://on.wsj.com/2qsSWyv HMM -- “Wilbur Ross Says Syria Missile Strike Was ‘After-Dinner Entertainment’ at Mar-a-Lago,” by Variety’s Gene Maddaus: “Speaking at the Milken Institute Global Conference on Monday, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross recalled the scene at Mar-a-Lago on April 6, when the summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping was interrupted by the strike on Syria. ‘Just as dessert was being served, the president explained to Mr. Xi he had something he wanted to tell him, which was the launching of 59 missiles into Syria,’ Ross said. ‘It was in lieu of after-dinner entertainment.’ As the crowd laughed, Ross added: ‘The thing was, it didn’t cost the president anything to have that entertainment.’” http://bit.ly/2pABjwk WHAT THE DCCC IS READING -- “Poll: Ossoff in dead heat with Handel in Georgia’s 6th,” by the Atlanta Journal Constitution’s Greg Bluestein: “An internal poll conducted for Democrat Jon Ossoff’s campaign shows him locked in a dead heat with Republican Karen Handel in the June 20 runoff to represent Georgia’s 6th District. The poll was conducted by Anzalone Liszt Grove Research, a polling firm that worked for Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. And while it’s an internal poll, it’s also the first we’ve seen since Ossoff narrowly missed an outright win in last month’s special election. It shows Ossoff leading Handel 48-47, well within the 4 percent margin of error. It has a scant 5 percent of voters in the district as undecided – reflective of the all-consuming nature of the nationally-watched race.” http://on-ajc.com/2pARfyW TRUMP’S TUESDAY -- He is attending the departure ceremony for Lt. Col. Wesley Spurlock. In the afternoon, Trump will present the Air Force Academy with the Commander in Chief trophy at the White House. In the afternoon, Trump is speaking on the phone with Vladimir Putin, and will meet with National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster. THE JUICE … -- SPOTTED: LAURA INGRAHAM, who is mulling a possible Virginia Senate run, in conversation Monday with Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.), whose seat she would be vying for, in conversation at George Will’s annual baseball party, Hadas Gold reports. Ingraham later joked with attendees that “it was my first debate,” but insisted she has not made a decision, according to a source at the event. Ingraham did not respond to a request for comment. ALSO SPOTTED: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), Sens. Ben Sasse (R-Neb.) and John Barrasso (R-Wyo.), and Reps. Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Fla.), Mark Sanford (R-S.C.), Mark Meadows (R-N.C.), and Jim Jordan (R-Ohio), Chris Wallace, James Rosen and Sara Durkin, Jonah Goldberg, Sean Spicer, Kellyanne Conway, Greta Van Susteren and John Coale, Brendan Sullivan, and Michael Clemente. -- FIRST IN PLAYBOOK: The Campaign for Sustainable Rx Pricing is launching a multi-million dollar campaign highlighting what they consider to be out of control drug prices. The buzzy ad, that mocks TV ads promoting prescription drugs, will run nationwide. http://bit.ly/2qsNMCs -- OVERHEARD AT THE MILKEN CONFERENCE: Zach Warmbrodt (@Zachary): “Mnuchin to financiers at Milken conference, regarding deregulation: ‘You should all thank me for your bank stocks doing better.’” PIC DU JOUR -- @metmuseum: “Political staffer @HumaAbedin looking chic as she makes her way into the #MetGala. #MetKawakubo #HumaAbedin” http://bit.ly/2pSnXyR HAPPENING TODAY -- TONY NOMINATIONS will be announced at 8:30 this morning from New York. Playbook Reads PHOTO DU JOUR: Mercedes and Adan Meneses hold signs at a May Day rally in San Francisco on May 1 as part of demonstrations across to protest President Donald Trump's efforts to boost deportations. | Jeff Chiu/AP Photo FOR YOUR RADAR -- “Corker: ‘We’re not going to do a Russia sanctions bill’,” by Austin Wright: “The leaders of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee have reached a decision that’s sure to disappoint Russia hawks: They’re not taking up a Russia sanctions bill anytime soon. Instead, Committee Chairman Bob Corker of Tennessee and ranking Democrat Ben Cardin of Maryland have agreed to move forward on a measure to counter Russian influence in Eastern Europe without using sanctions as well as an Iran sanctions bill.” http://politi.co/2pqSSkc THE HERITAGE BEAT -- “Heritage Foundation sources say Mike Needham didn’t want Jim DeMint’s throne,” by Wash Examiner’s Phil Wegmann: “In other words, Needham doesn’t want the throne. He merely wants to restore the kingdom. More than palace intrigue, the subsequent power struggle has sent shockwaves throughout conservative circles. And it’s as complicated as it is significant. So far, the battle lines have been drawn between DeMint loyalists inside the policy-based Heritage Foundation and the politically-focused lobbying arm, Heritage Action.” http://washex.am/2pSEIda -- THE ATLANTIC’S ROSIE GRAY and MCKAY COPPINS: “The Fight for Control of the Heritage Foundation: Jim DeMint’s ouster has become the epicenter of a battle over the direction of the conservative movement” http://theatln.tc/2p3DJ5O YOU’RE INVITED -- SEN. JOE MANCHIN (D-W.Va.) will join us for the Playbook Interview Thursday at 9 a.m. at the Washington Court Hotel (525 New Jersey Avenue, NW). Manchin is a fascinating figure, and we hope you’ll join the conversation, which is being sponsored by the Peter G. Peterson Foundation. RSVP http://bit.ly/2phgWGu -- HOUSE MAJORITY LEADER KEVIN MCCARTHY, CALIFORNIA ATTORNEY GENERAL XAVIER BECERRA and REP. ERIC SWALWELL (D-Calif.) are joining us for a Playbook Exchange event in San Francisco May 10. McCarthy and Becerra are two of the highest-profile California politicians, and Swalwell is one of the Golden State’s up and comers. RSVP http://bit.ly/2oQMyzT COME ON -- “Speculation is stirring about a Seth Moulton presidential bid,” by the Boston Globe’s Jim O’Sullivan. http://bit.ly/2pSFerF FILLING THE ADMINISTRATION -- “Trump’s USAID pick stuck in the mud,” by Ian Kullgren, Daniel Lippman and Josh Gerstein: “Former GOP Rep. Mark Green is the Trump administration’s expected pick to lead the United States Agency for International Development, but has struggled to close a deal with the Trump administration, according to four sources with knowledge of the talks. ... In addition to trying to secure a title bump for himself, Green has been unable to get solid assurances that the agency won’t be gutted or devoured by the State Department during Trump’s tenure. Green has been frustrated by his dealings with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and other Trump officials ... [and] he is seeking promises that Trump won’t dismantle USAID or make it a subsidiary of the State Department, a move that’s feared by people in international development circles as a way to sideline foreign aid.” http://politi.co/2pr3srs BUSINESS BURST – “Infosys plans to hire 10,000 U.S. workers after Trump targets outsourcing firms,” by Reuters’ Stephen Nellis and Sankalp Phartiyal: “India-based IT services firm Infosys said it plans to hire 10,000 U.S. workers in the next two years and open four technology centers in the United States, starting with a center this August in Indiana, the home state of U.S. Vice President Mike Pence. The move comes at a time when Infosys and some of its Indian peers such as Tata Consultancy Services and Wipro Ltd have become political targets in the United States for allegedly displacing U.S. workers’ jobs by flying in foreigners on temporary visas to service their clients in the country.” http://reut.rs/2p3K7Ke … Release http://politi.co/2pAKLjv ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Strong financial health is the foundation on which strong families and communities are built. As part of our model of investing in key drivers of economic opportunity, JPMorgan Chase is supporting nonprofit partners that promote financial health. Read more in the JPMorgan Chase Corporate Responsibility Report. http://politi.co/2ptGvEm ****** INSIDE 1211 SIXTH AVE -- GABE SHERMAN in NYMag.com, “Murdochs Might Not Be Done Cleaning House at Fox News”: “Last Monday, Rupert Murdoch invited embattled Fox News co-president Bill Shine to lunch ... to signal that Shine was secure in his job ... In the days following the lunch, Shine realized he had lost confidence of Murdoch ... Murdoch had decided by the middle of last week that Shine needed to go. Shine had become a flashpoint for outside critics and Fox News employees, especially women, who saw him as representative of the sexist culture that flourished under Roger Ailes. One female executive told me last week that Shine failed to deal with allegations of harassment. The executive recalled complaining to Shine about a male colleague’s treatment of women, to which Shine replied: ‘He’s a necessary evil.’ … [Monday] morning at 9 a.m., Shine met with Murdoch to put an end to the speculation. According to a friend, Shine said, ‘What are we doing here? Let’s make a deal.’” http://nym.ag/2pCziCb OFF MESSAGE PODCAST: Gov. John Kasich (R-Ohio) may have lost the race for the White House but he’s not done fighting. In the latest episode of Off Message, Kasich sits down with Isaac Dovere to discuss his disappointment with the current political climate post first 100 days, “Any politician who is going to be in the dividing business, I’m not helping.” http://politi.co/2p0NBwh … Listen and subscribe http://apple.co/2nEa7y0 HOLLYWOODLAND -- “David Geffen Sells Malibu Home for Record $85 Million,” by The Hollywood Reporter’s Peter Kiefer: “The music mogul had hoped to net $100 million for the property, which has several structures, a swimming pool and spa, a theater, a gym and an outdoor living room with fireplace. … Unlike several other recent real estate deals north of $75 million, the deal for Geffen’s home does not include any of the art in the house, which is believed to be valued in the hundreds of thousands of dollars. The Carbon Beach home was also the setting for a public battle in which Geffen tried — unsuccessfully — to prohibit beachgoers from accessing the beach in front of his home.” http://bit.ly/2oSI2oo MEDIAWATCH -- “With Trump In The White House, MSNBC Is Resisting The Resistance,” by HuffPost’s Ryan Grim: “From outside, it might seem odd to see the premier liberal network veering right, even as liberals around the country are fired up to resist the administration of President Donald Trump. But from inside, the news about Wallace and Hewitt was seen as just two more steps toward the full execution of the vision of Andy Lack, the NBC News executive who oversees MSNBC. He has made quite clear his plan to move the cable news network away from its bedrock liberalism and toward a more centrist approach personified by Brian Williams -- even including hosts of a conservative bent, as typified by hosts like Megyn Kelly or Greta Van Susteren, who Lack brought over from Fox News.” http://huff.to/2pqTdDk --BOB COSTA Q&A: “I Love My Job: Robert Costa, From Pennsbury High to WashPo’s Donald Trump Guy,” by Victor Fiorillo in Philly Mag: http://bit.ly/2pr1c3y -- TIM REID has been appointed Reuters’ U.S. political correspondent covering America’s Midwest and Southeast, covering “questions of how and whether President Trump can live up to his promises of bringing back jobs in the region’s hard-hit industries, how changes to national health care policy play out on the ground and what tighter immigration controls mean for businesses and workers.” GUIDE TO THE FEDERAL BUDGET & APPROPS PROCESS: Brush up on your knowledge of the federal budget process so you’re ready to act as the budget winds its way through Congress. http://politi.co/2pr4J1C Playbookers SPOTTED: Ed Henry and wife yesterday at Ryan Zimmerman’s foundation event at Nationals Park. He gave a copy of his new book “42 Faith: The Rest of the Jackie Robinson Story” to Nats pitcher, Gio Gonzalez ... Rep. Annie Kuster (D-N.H.) immediately leaping from her seat to relocate on an American Airlines plane from Manchester to Washington on Monday morning when the cabin crew said the weight was off in the cabin and asked for volunteers to switch ... Brian Fallon and Paul Begala yesterday on the same Amtrak train up to NYC -- they were going up to the Big Apple for CNN. TRANSITIONS - Katie Frates of The Daily Caller has joined Ryan Coyne’s new venture, Olympic Media, as the managing editor. Frates started at the Caller in 2014 as an intern and eventually moved over to The Daily Caller News Foundation as an editor. Coyne was part of the founding team of IJR and IMGE and helped lead those organizations through this past December. ... Sean McMaster started on Monday as the deputy assistant secretary for congressional affairs at the Department of Transportation. He previously worked for the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. ... Diane May has started as comms director at Our Revolution. ... Jorge Aguilar has recently transitioned to the DCCC as executive director for Nancy Pelosi for Congress. He will help oversee her political operation. He most recently spent four years in the communications shop of House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi -- most recently as her press secretary and director of Hispanic media. ... American Bridge is expanding its digital team and hired Jane Hughes as digital director. She worked for Maggie Hassan for Senate and Emily’s List. ... H&R Block has promoted Dan Turrentine to chief government relations officer and VP. Andrew Jennison has been promoted to VP of government relations. WEEKEND WEDDING -- Jessica Borchert of Blue Engine Message & Media married lawyer Drew Stout on Saturday in her hometown of Las Cruces, New Mexico. Former Rep. Harry Teague (D-N.M.), who introduced the couple while they were both working on his 2010 campaign, was the guest of honor. Pic http://politi.co/2pqTarc SPOTTED: Cesar Blanco, Kate Kochman, Eliza Lockwood, Moses Mercado, Geoff Nolan, Steve Pfrang, Adrian Saenz, Rebecca Shaw, Tomas Talamante, Art Terrazas, and Madeline Twomey. WELCOME TO THE WORLD – Megan Foote, VP of IMGE and Tyler Foote, regional political director at the NRCC, welcomed Evelyn Kathryn Foote, born Saturday at 6 p.m. - 4 weeks and 5 days early at 5lbs 11oz and 18.5 inches long. Pic http://bit.ly/2oSIwec -- Jeanette Hoffman, president of Marathon Public Affairs and Joshua Henne, president of White Horse Strategies, post on Facebook: “Grayson Michael Henne made his highly-anticipated debut [Monday] at 10:37 am, weighing in at 7 pounds, 8 ounces. Mom and baby are both happy and healthy. Jeanette Hoffman Henne is a rock star!” Pic http://bit.ly/2oSJ43V OUT AND ABOUT -- CNN’s ARWA DAMON was honored Monday night with the James W. Foley Humanitarian Award at the Foley Freedom Awards at the Newseum. SPOTTED: Awra’s sister, mother and cousin along with CNN colleagues Wolf Blitzer, Sam Feist, Tony Maddox, Michelle Kosinski, Pamela Brown, Athena Jones, Elise Labott, Brianna Keilar, Nia Malika-Henderson, Betsy Klein, and Shimon Prokupecz, Perkins Coie’s Kate Keane, Peter Brown, former manager of “The Beatles”, Jon Sawyer, executive director of The Pulitzer Center, Judy Woodruff of PBS, Frank Sesno. --SPOTTED last night at Lauriol Plaza celebrating an intimate birthday gathering for assistant White House press secretary Ninio Fetalvo’s 24th birthday: Natalie Strom, Lauren Hernandez, Rob Lockwood, Anna Epstein, Caroline Anderegg, Ruth Guerra, Alex Stroman, Taylor Mason, Tyler Lane, Ali Pardo, Johanna Pershing, Lani Short, Justin Giorgio, Tyler Fields, Taryn Fenske, Charlie Dankert, Lexi Pursley, David Vasquez, Sofia Boza, and Ty Bofferding. BIRTHDAY OF THE DAY: Jesse Rodriguez, senior producer of “Morning Joe” and the pride of Miami, spotted everywhere in D.C. this weekend, celebrating with “dinner with some of my close friends in DC and NYC. And a quick weekend trip to Mexico City with my cousin.” How he got his start in journalism: “I started right out of high school as an overnight news writer for the FOX station in Miami while going to school during the day and falling asleep on my drive home. A few years later, I moved to New York and started at NBC News. I marked my 10 years at NBC/MSNBC in February!” Read his Playbook Plus Q&A: http://politi.co/2pARFp3 BIRTHDAYS: “Morning” Mika Brzezinski is ageless ... Kyle Downey … Virginia First Lady Dorothy McAuliffe … former U.S. Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker, now chairman of PSP Capital Partners, is 58 ... Indiana Gov. Eric Holcomb is 49 ... Rob King, SVP for SportsCenter and news at ESPN and an AP board member ... CBS News correspondent Julianna Goldman, a Bloomberg alum and the pride of Bethesda ... Steve Elmendorf, partner and co-founder at Subject Matter and the pride of Madison, N.J. (h/ts Erik Smith, Alex Slater and Jon Haber) ... Matt Murray, WSJ’s deputy editor in chief, is 51 ... Megan Harrington in Sen. Portman’s office, where she has worked for 6 years on his policy team focused on his work to combat opioids and human trafficking, is 32 ... Karen Doyne, Burson-Marsteller public affairs managing director and head of crisis in the U.S., celebrating with friends on Maui (h/t Ben Chang) ... Gabe Cahn, comms specialist at HIAS, is 27 (h/t Gabe Brotman) ... Rick Stengel, former Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs at State, formerly the managing editor at Time Magazine, and a lover of all things Hudson, New York ... Arielle Goren, a “recovering political speechwriter,” per her Twitter and a Hillary, Cuomo and Schumer alum ... former USAID contractor Alan Gross, imprisoned by Cuba from 2009 to 2014, is 68 ... Sally Ford ... Lindsey Held Bolton, comms director at Facebook (h/ts Haber) ... Politico alum Brett Russell … RNC fundraiser Taylor Lioce (h/t roommate Fred Brown) ... ... T.W. Arrighi, comms director for Rep. Mimi Walters (R-Calif.) and Mike Pompeo alum, is 27 ... Reuters’ Marton Dunai (h/t Pablo Gorondi) ... Rep. Peter Welch (D-Vt.) is 7-0 ... Emily Tisch Sussman, campaigns director at CAP Action Fund ... Doug Gordon, co-founder of Upshift Strategies and FitzGibbon Media alum ... Courtney Snowden, DC’s deputy mayor of greater economic opportunity, and former principal at The Raben Group, and her twin sister, Crystal Snowden ... Raul Paez, the pride of Nogales and Rep. Sinema alum, is 22 (h/t Bill Schuette) ... Avi Small (@avismall), Heath Mello’s press secretary, is 24 (h/t The Thread) ... Joel Payne, VP at Qorvis MSLGROUP ... SBA alum Tracy Terrill ... Raul Celso Paez Montoya is 22 ... Dean Stephens ... N.Y. Assemblyman David Weprin ... Rush E. Baker IV, co-founder and managing partner at Vecino Communities ... Stephen Schatz, comms director at the Maryland Dept. of Natural Resources and NRF alum ... Sheila Grant, COS for Rep. John Carney (D-Del.) ... CJ Frogozo Stromquist … Conchita Cruz, a Jared Polis alum now founder and co-director of the Asylum Seeker Advocacy Project at Urban Justice Center … former Rep. Robert L. Turner (R-NY) is 76 … Ben Barber ... Kathy Barks Hoffman, an AP alum now senior account exec at PR firm Martin Waymire ... Bridget O’Meara … Lauren Azar … Joe Jongewaard (h/ts Teresa Vilmain) ... Sarah Curtis ... Will Bohlen, SVP at the Podesta Group ... Ben Austin, policy and advocacy director at Students Matter ... Alon Ben-Meir ... Leo Cendrowicz, scribe covering Europe and chocolate for The Independent and others, is 47 ... Joe Jongewaard ... Amanda Aulds Sherzer ... Amanda Armstrong, LA for Rep. Bobby Scott ... Christian Pierre-Canel, special assistant for Sen. Bill Nelson ... Nate Zimpher, LC for Rep. Pat Tiberi (h/ts Legistorm) ... former International Olympic Committee President Jacques Rogge is 75 ... Bianca Jagger is 72 ... Donatella Versace is 62 ... wrestler-turned-actor Dwayne Johnson (AKA The Rock) is 45 ... David Beckham is 42 (h/ts AP) ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: The corporate responsibility strategy and approach was developed, tested and refined at JPMorgan Chase through efforts on the ground in communities around the world. Learn more about the company’s model for impact in the JPMorgan Chase Corporate Responsibility Report. http://politi.co/2oQbg2A ****** SUBSCRIBE to the Playbook family: POLITICO Playbook http://politi.co/1M75UbX ... New York Playbook http://politi.co/1ON8bqW … Florida Playbook http://politi.co/1OypFe9 ... New Jersey Playbook http://politi.co/1HLKltF ... Massachusetts Playbook http://politi.co/1Nhtq5v … Illinois Playbook http://politi.co/1N7u5sb ... California Playbook http://politi.co/2bLvcPl ... Brussels Playbook http://politi.co/1FZeLcw ... All our political and policy tipsheets http://politi.co/1M75UbX « View Archives Authors: Jake Sherman sherman@politico.com @JakeSherman Anna Palmer anna@politico.com @apalmerdc Daniel Lippman daniel@politico.com @dlippman About The Author Jake Sherman is a senior writer for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Jake is the top congressional reporter on Capitol Hill and has built a career on landing hard-to-get scoops Since 2009, Jake has chronicled all of the major legislative battles on Capitol Hill, and has also traveled the country to cover the battle for control of Congress. Jake takes readers inside the rooms where decisions are made. His high-impact reporting resulted in the resignation of Aaron Schock. Before landing at POLITICO, Jake worked in the Washington bureaus of The Wall Street Journal, Newsweek and the Minneapolis Star Tribune. He also interned on the metro desk of The Journal News (N.Y.) and, during high school, worked on the sports desk of the Stamford Advocate (Conn.). Jake is a Connecticut native, and a graduate of The George Washington University — where he edited The GW Hatchet — and Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism. Jake lives in Washington with his wife Irene, and listens to an unhealthy amount of Grateful Dead and Phish. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Anna Palmer is a senior Washington correspondent for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Anna covers the world of Congress and politics, and has successfully chronicled the business of Washington insiders for years. Her stories take readers behind the scenes for the biggest fights in Washington as well as the 2016 election. Prior to becoming POLITICO’s senior Washington correspondent, Anna was the co-author of the daily newsletter, POLITICO Influence, considered a must-read on K Street. Anna previously covered House leadership and lobbying as a staff writer for Roll Call. She got her start in Washington journalism as a lobbying business reporter for the industry newsletter Influence. She has also worked at Legal Times, where she covered the intersection of money and politics for the legal and lobbying industry, first as a staff writer and then as an editor. A native of North Dakota, Anna is a graduate of St. Olaf College, where she was executive editor of the weekly campus newspaper, the Manitou Messenger. She lives in Washington, D.C. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Daniel Lippman is a reporter for POLITICO and a co-author of POLITICO's Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Before joining POLITICO, he was a fellow covering environmental news for E&E Publishing and a reporter for The Wall Street Journal in New York. He has also interned for McClatchy Newspapers and Reuters. During a stint freelancing in 2013, he traveled to the Turkish-Syrian border to cover the impact of the Syrian civil war for The Huffington Post and CNN.com. He graduated from The Hotchkiss School in 2008 and from The George Washington University in 2012. Daniel hails from the Berkshires in western Massachusetts and enjoys playing tennis, seeing movies and trying out new restaurants in his free time. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX Playbook - POLITICO Archive Tuesday, 5/2/17 Monday, 5/1/17 Sunday, 4/30/17 Saturday, 4/29/17 Friday, 4/28/17 View the Full Playbook Archives » Politico Magazine Did Too Much Caitlyn Jenner Doom ESPN? By Ben Strauss How New York Can Release Trump’s Tax Returns By Daniel Hemel All the President’s Mice By Jack Shafer Can Trump Make Mideast Peace Without Gaza? By Grant Rumley More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe A Pool Table in Philadelphia Shows Nasdaq’s Thirst for Talent by Brian Louis @BrianRLouis More stories by Brian Louis May 2, 2017, 5:00 AM EDT Exchange operator just moved into new offices in that city Space is located near University of Pennsylvania, Drexel Traders work at Nasdaq's new options trading floor in Philadelphia. Photographer: Charles Mostoller/Bloomberg Nasdaq Inc. has traded places in Philadelphia, moving to a new skyscraper with a view and a pool table from an older office as it tries to lure recruits in part from local universities to double its staff in the city. The business, famous for its Nasdaq Stock Market, is transforming into a broader technology company and will be filling legal, information security, software development and human resources jobs in Philadelphia. It faces tough competition for talent there from a wide range of industries and firms, including Vanguard Group Inc., Google and JPMorgan Chase & Co. The new offices, on three floors of the FMC Tower, with views of the University of Pennsylvania and Drexel University, two of the schools it may draw talent from, will help with that. It has an open office plan with bright, natural light, and areas to gather and collaborate. There’s the pool table, quiet meeting areas and enclosed booths for private phone conversations. Grads with technical degrees are in high demand, and the quality of the work space are important in addition to salary and benefits when it comes to recruiting. “It becomes a decision about the whole package, and workplace does play into that package,” said Rose McGinnis, the director of student professional development and the undergraduate research program at Temple University’s College of Science and Technology in Philadelphia. ‘Trading Places’ Nasdaq got to Philadelphia -- a town whose trading community was highlighted in the 1983 Eddie Murphy and Dan Aykroyd movie “Trading Places” -- through the 2008 acquisition of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange. Started two years before the New York Stock Exchange, making it the nation’s oldest, that stock market is barely a blip in the U.S. financial system, accounting for only about 1 percent of the nation’s volume. But the Nasdaq PHLX options market is thriving, matching about 15 percent of equities derivatives trading. “Nasdaq’s committed to Philadelphia as a major site,” said Tom Wittman, executive vice president of Nasdaq and global head of equities, who is based in Philadelphia. “There are great colleges here that we can recruit from.” Options traders have set up shop in the facility, a major upgrade from their former trading floor. At the old spot at 1900 Market St., traders and brokers were in the basement with no windows. Bill McCormack, director of floor operations at CV Brokerage, who has worked on the floor for 19 years, said, “the old space was a dungeon.” The new trading floor is bright and has windows. How’s the Weather? “It’s kind of nice to see what’s going on in the world,” McCormack said. “One sentence we’re not going to hear often is, ‘Is it raining out?’” The biggest U.S. exchange companies are planting flags outside the biggest financial centers, for a variety of reasons, including proximity to colleges they can recruit from. CME Group Inc., the giant Chicago-based futures market, last year opened up a training center at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign’s Research Park. Bats Global Markets Inc., a Kansas-based exchange now owned by CBOE Holdings Inc., was founded in the American heartland. Even as it grew to become a powerhouse in U.S. and European stock trading, the company kept its headquarters in a Kansas City suburb, in part to bolster its presence on campuses in the region -- leveraging that to develop some of the industry’s most highly regarded trading software. Nasdaq moved from a nine-story office building across the river downtown that was built in 1981, according to its owner Brandywine Realty Trust, which also developed its new home, FMC Tower. The main lobby and main entrances for its former office building were renovated in 2014 to 2015. Tax Incentives Nasdaq received sales and use tax exemptions on building materials for its office construction under a state program that provides incentives for businesses to move into economically distressed parts of urban and rural areas. It is also eligible for more tax benefits if it reaches certain targets because it is in a Keystone Opportunity Zone. Brian Taylor, 26, joined Nasdaq in 2014 after graduating from Drexel with a bachelor’s degree in business administration. Taylor, who spent time working at trading firm Susquehanna International Group LLP while he was in college, said that experience helped him get hired at Nasdaq. Taylor, a business controller at Nasdaq, said he likes that the new offices are so close to nearby universities, which allows Nasdaq to get exposure to students. “It’s great that we’re in University City within Philadelphia,” Taylor said of the area where the new offices are located. “It’s a really up and coming neighborhood.” The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Nasdaq is competing with a host of other companies for talent. Technology workers in particular are in high demand by all businesses. McGinnis of Temple University said technology students are placed in a variety of companies, including mutual fund giant Vanguard, which is based in nearby Malvern, Pennsylvania, as well as JPMorgan and shopping channel QVC, which is based in West Chester, Pennsylvania. “There’s absolutely no shortage of jobs,” said Rosette Pyne, senior associate director, career services at Penn. “Everybody wants tech.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read The Inside Story of How Fyre Festival Went Up in Flames Apple Sells Fewer iPhones in Last Quarter, Shares Slide AMD Stock on Course for Worst Day in More Than a Decade A $50,000 Chrysler Minivan Explains Slowing U.S. Auto Sales Coal Country Is Back, Along With Signing Bonuses and Pay Raises Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CU Bancorp (CUNB) Raised to “Outperform” at FIG Partners Edwards Lifesciences Corp (EW) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Veeco Instruments (VECO) Arete Wealth Advisors LLC Buys Shares of 6,490 Realty Income Corp (O) Cadence Bank NA Acquires 470 Shares of DTE Energy Co (DTE) Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (MRVL) Position Increased by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Purchases 161,600 Shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Raises Position in Synchrony Financial (SYF) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Has $28.23 Million Stake in Moody's Co. (MCO) Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Boosts Position in WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (KALU) Position Boosted by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Hub Group Inc (HUBG) Position Increased by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Aegion Corp (AEGN) Shares Bought by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Analysts Anticipate Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL) Will Post Earnings of $1.00 Per Share -$0.59 Earnings Per Share Expected for Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) This Quarter Medicx Fund Ltd. (MXF) Declares GBX 1.50 Dividend Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Director Gordon Ritter Sells 10,200 Shares of Stock Chemical Financial Co. (CHFC) Director Richard M. Lievense Sells 13,351 Shares Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) Director Lars Wedenborn Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Bank of Hawaii Co. (BOH) CEO Peter S. Ho Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (LON:RBS)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating restated by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. They currently have a GBX 230 ($2.97) price objective on the financial services provider’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective would indicate a potential downside of 13.25% from the stock’s current price. Other analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Citigroup Inc boosted their price objective on Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc from GBX 190 ($2.45) to GBX 220 ($2.84) and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday. Barclays PLC boosted their price objective on Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc from GBX 250 ($3.23) to GBX 260 ($3.36) and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Tuesday. Shore Capital restated a “hold” rating on shares of Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc in a research report on Friday. Deutsche Bank AG lowered their price objective on Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc from GBX 252 ($3.25) to GBX 240 ($3.10) and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Finally, Macquarie boosted their price objective on Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc from GBX 220 ($2.84) to GBX 250 ($3.23) and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 228.94 ($2.96). Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (LON:RBS) opened at 265.143707 on Tuesday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 240.33 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 221.75. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 31.24 billion. Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc has a 52 week low of GBX 148.40 and a 52 week high of GBX 267.70. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/royal-bank-of-scotland-group-plc-rbs-receives-neutral-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In related news, insider Ewen Stevenson acquired 30,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 27th. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 234 ($3.02) per share, for a total transaction of £70,200 ($90,639.12). Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc Company Profile The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) is a banking and financial services company. The Company provides a range of products and services to personal, commercial, corporate and institutional customers, through its subsidiaries, The Royal Bank of Scotland plc and National Westminster Bank Plc (NatWest), as well as through other brands, including Ulster Bank and Coutts. Receive News & Ratings for Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 238% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 105% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 238% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 105% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The 4 Most Popular Bank Websites Three of the most popular banking-related websites might be easy to guess, but the fourth could come as a surprise. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) May 2, 2017 at 9:20PM Banking is changing. It used to be that people had to drive to a branch to deposit a check or transfer money between their accounts. Nowadays this can all be done online. Combine this with the onslaught of fintech companies edging themselves into the financial services sector with slickly designed apps, and it becomes immediately obvious that traditional banks need to master online and mobile banking to stay competitive. Image source: Getty Images. Some banks are better at this than others. USAA, for example, has long been recognized as one of the most innovative financial companies in the United States, rolling out remote deposit capture well ahead of most other banks. But if the measuring stick for determining success is website visits, then four companies prevail above the rest: JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM), PayPal Holdings (NASDAQ:PYPL), Bank of America (NYSE:BAC), and Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC). These four companies have the 31st, 33rd, 37th, and 41st ranked websites in the United States, according to Alexa. Website Rank Among Top 50 Websites (by Views) Daily Time on Site Daily Page Views Per Visitor Chase 31 4:53 4.66 PayPal 33 4:07 4.23 Bank of America 37 5:35 6.08 Wells Fargo 41 5:27 4.86 Data source: Alexa. Quite frankly, none of these names should surprise you. JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo are the three biggest banks in the country. Each has trillion of dollars' worth of assets, as well as millions of customers, a significant portion of whom prefer online and mobile banking. Bank of America has 34.5 million customers who use its digital channels. JPMorgan Chase has even more, at 45.5 million. While Wells Fargo comes in at 28.1 million. Meanwhile, PayPal has long been one of the leaders of digital payments. At one point it was even owned by eBay, until being spun off in the middle of 2015. Top 50 Sites in the United States 🇺🇸https://t.co/Mthx2nfhjA pic.twitter.com/uMvE2tWmnm — Chris Gledhill (@cgledhill) April 30, 2017 The appeal of digital banking goes beyond the need to give customers a good experience. It's also important because it drives down expenses, which goes a long way toward explaining why big banks disclose how many customers actively use their digital channels in the first place. Generally speaking, it costs roughly a tenth as much to service a customer over a mobile banking app or online compared to in a teller-assisted transaction in a branch. The net result is that the better these banks make their apps and websites, the better they'll be able to compete in the future. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends eBay and PayPal Holdings. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info May 2, 2017 at 9:20PM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $23.53 down $0.08 (-0.34%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $86.50 down $0.56 (-0.64%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $54.54 up $0.08 (0.15%) PayPal Holdings NASDAQ:PYPL $49.05 up $1.51 (3.18%) Read More An Important Insight About Bank of America A Foolish Take: An Ominous Sign for the Economy Deferred Tax Assets: What Are They and Why Do They Matter for Banks? This Big Bank Had the Best First-Quarter Earnings Report This Chart Reveals How Bank Stocks Are Valued Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The 4 Most Popular Bank Websites @themotleyfool #stocks $BAC, $JPM, $WFC, $PYPL
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe JPMorgan to Move Hundreds of Staff to Three EU Offices on Brexit by Matthew Martin @mideastmatthew More stories by Matthew Martin and Gavin Finch @GavinFinchBBG More stories by Gavin Finch May 2, 2017, 11:00 PM EDT Pinto says bankers moving to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg Bank is also planning to add staff in Middle East: Pinto Pedestrians walk past a puddle of rainwater reflecting the Houses of Parliament in London. Photographer: Simon Dawson/Bloomberg JPMorgan Chase & Co. plans to move hundreds of London-based bankers to expanded offices in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as it prepares for the U.K. to lose easy access to the European Union’s single market after Brexit, the firm’s head of investment banking said. "We are going to use the three banks we already have in Europe as the anchors for our operations," Daniel Pinto said in an interview Tuesday in Riyadh, referring to the New York-based firm’s local entities. "We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers." Global banks are preparing to move some London-based operations into new or expanded bases inside the EU after British Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the formal mechanism for quitting the 28-nation bloc. Before the June referendum, JPMorgan Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon told U.K. employees that as many as 4,000 could be relocated in the event of Brexit. In January, he said that number could be higher -- or lower -- depending on how the government’s negotiations played out. "We have to plan for a scenario where there is no U.K.-EU passporting deal, and we have to move a substantial portion of our business to continue serving our European clients," Pinto said. "We’ll have to wait to see what kind of deal can be achieved and see what we need to do from there." Office Scouting JPMorgan is just the latest bank to flesh out its plans for Brexit as the countdown ticks away toward Britain’s March 2019 withdrawal from the bloc. Deutsche Bank AG said last week it may move 4,000 staff from London, Barclays Plc said it will activate its contingency plan within six months, and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. said it would likely begin relocating positions next year. Frankfurt and Dublin are the favored destinations. Standard Chartered Plc and Barclays are considering the Irish capital for their EU base, while Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley are weighing Germany’s financial hub. Luxembourg is proving popular with insurers and asset managers, with insurance giant American International Group Inc. saying on March 8 that it plans to open an operation there. JPMorgan is already scouting for office space in Dublin and Frankfurt, Bloomberg News reported in March. The lender may lease 50,000 square feet (4,645 square meters) to 150,000 square feet of space and wants flexibility from landlords to shrink or expand, depending on what deal May secures. London could lose 10,000 banking jobs and a further 20,000 roles in financial services, according to the Bruegel think tank, while other estimates range from as little as 4,000 to as many as 232,000 jobs. Middle East The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Separately, Pinto also said he was bullish on the Middle East and North Africa, where the bank plans to add to its 200 staff and build its businesses in payment processing, asset custody services and investment banking. Pinto was speaking on the sidelines of Euromoney’s conference in Saudi Arabia, which has embarked on an unprecedented series of reforms as it looks to diversify the economy from oil. “Our business in this region will grow along with this reform process, and I’m bullish on emerging markets in general,” said Pinto, who was one of the conference’s keynote speakers. “We are well positioned in this region, Asia and Latin America. Where there is a combination of faster growth and underdeveloped financial markets, we can be a big part of that process.” JPMorgan was among banks hired by the Saudi government for a $9 billion international Islamic bond sale and also worked on the kingdom’s debut sovereign debt issue in October, which raised $17.5 billion. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read The Inside Story of How Fyre Festival Went Up in Flames Apple Sells Fewer iPhones in Last Quarter, Shares Slide AMD Stock on Course for Worst Day in More Than a Decade A $50,000 Chrysler Minivan Explains Slowing U.S. Auto Sales Coal Country Is Back, Along With Signing Bonuses and Pay Raises Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Solar Capital Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sabre Corp (SABR) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.25 Spectra Energy Partners, (SEP) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.27 Solar Capital (SLRC) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows 361 Capital LLC Boosts Position in Leidos Holdings, Inc. (LDOS) Vantiv Inc (VNTV) Shares Sold by 361 Capital LLC 361 Capital LLC Raises Position in Avery Dennison Corp (AVY) 361 Capital LLC Reduces Stake in Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Wealth Architects LLC Has $121,000 Position in Mizuho Financial Group Inc. (MFG) Chase Investment Counsel Corp Purchases New Position in CoreSite Realty Corp (COR) Tillar Wenstrup Advisors LLC Invests $1.77 Million in Goldcorp Inc. (GG) Wealth Architects LLC Has $112,000 Position in Companhia Paranaense de Energia (ELP) $270.89 Million in Sales Expected for Triton International Limited (TRTN) This Quarter Nuveen Intermediate Duration Munpl Tm Fd (NID) Declares $0.05 Monthly Dividend Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Talend SA (TLND) to Post -$0.17 Earnings Per Share Gemphire Therapeutics Inc (GEMP) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.61 Per Share BHP Billiton plc (BBL) Position Increased by Wrapmanager Inc. Capital One National Association Invests $5.948 Million in American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) 9,222 Shares in Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Acquired by Wrapmanager Inc. SignalPoint Asset Management LLC Has $888,000 Stake in Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Patterson Companies, Inc. (PDCO) Shares Bought by Wrapmanager Inc. Solar Capital (SLRC) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Press coverage about Solar Capital (NASDAQ:SLRC) has been trending positive recently, AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis reports. The research group, a service of Accern, ranks the sentiment of news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Solar Capital earned a coverage optimism score of 0.29 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave headlines about the financial services provider an impact score of 40 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the next few days. Here are some of the headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment’s rankings: Solar Capital Ltd. Announces Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 Financial Results; Declares Quarterly Distribution of $0.40 per Share for Q2, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) Solar Capital misses 1Q profit forecasts (marketbeat.com) Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) Downgraded to “Neutral” at JPMorgan Chase & Co. (americanbankingnews.com) Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday (americanbankingnews.com) Several analysts have weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Solar Capital from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Solar Capital from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $23.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Monday. National Securities upped their target price on shares of Solar Capital from $22.00 to $24.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services lowered shares of Solar Capital from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Compass Point assumed coverage on shares of Solar Capital in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. They set a “buy” rating and a $22.40 target price on the stock. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $22.34. Shares of Solar Capital (NASDAQ:SLRC) traded up 0.18% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $22.58. 121,236 shares of the stock were exchanged. Solar Capital has a 52 week low of $17.63 and a 52 week high of $22.94. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $22.43 and a 200 day moving average price of $21.41. Solar Capital (NASDAQ:SLRC) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The financial services provider reported $0.42 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.42. Solar Capital had a net margin of 50.98% and a return on equity of 7.83%. The firm had revenue of $36.64 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $36.74 million. Equities research analysts anticipate that Solar Capital will post $1.78 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 4th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 23rd were issued a dividend of $0.40 per share. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 7.09%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, March 21st. Solar Capital’s payout ratio is 89.89%. In other Solar Capital news, insider Michael S. Gross bought 19,666 shares of Solar Capital stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $22.28 per share, with a total value of $438,158.48. Following the acquisition, the insider now directly owns 165,894 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,696,118.32. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Insiders own 5.80% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/solar-capital-slrc-earning-favorable-news-coverage-study-shows.html. About Solar Capital Solar Capital Ltd. is a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified management investment company. The Company’s investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. It invests in privately held the United States middle market companies. Receive News & Ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Hot Topics TWLO FEYE Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Apple (AAPL) dips after Q2 sales, Q3 guidance miss >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Trading > Trading Advice > Profit From JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stock No Matter What No need for surgical entry into JPM. Go long with 90% certainty of profits! By Nicolas Chahine, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 2, 2017, 1:39 pm EDT     Popular Posts: Go Long Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock for Free Into Earnings Trade Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock for More Free Profits Boot Up Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock for Free Income Recent Posts: Profit From JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stock No Matter What Go Long Transocean LTD (RIG) Stock With Confidence Even Into Earnings Go Long Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock on This Overdone Dip View All Posts Wall Street perceives JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) as a premier bank in its class, so there is no need to argue for its particular fundamentals. They are proven performers beyond reproach. Source: via Wikimedia The financial sector benefited from Trump’s election, as he promised (and is delivering) on unshackling them from red tape. So investors flocked into banks in anticipation of better P&Ls from lower expenses. Furthermore, the outlook of financials is also made rosier by the prospects of higher rates. The U.S. Federal Reserve is in the middle of a rate hike cycle and the perception is that banks will subsequently profit. Whether it’s true is almost immaterial, as perception is what drive stock prices. And that’s how I trade memes like the financial consensus at hand. I sell risk against proven support levels where buyers or sellers would step in, then I let time do the work. Case in point, on March 21 I shared a bullish JPM trade that yielded easy profits without the need to have a perfect entry or exit points. Sure having solid fundamentals matters, but using options eliminates the need to be surgical with my trade entries. Click to Enlarge I can’t tell you where JPM will close in the next few months, but I am confident that buyers will step in if JPM stock falls 20% or more. So the trick is to find likely support levels and using time I can find trades with 90% certainty of success. The Trade: Sell JPM Sept $72.50 naked put and collect 70 cents per contract. This is a bullish trade that comes with 95% certainty that the premium will expire worthless in my favor. I chose $72.5 because that would even account for half of the potential weak hands who chased the rally in November 2016. But if I am not willing to own JP Morgan Chase shares at $72.50 then I would change this trade to be a credit put spread instead. The Alternate: Sell the JPM Sept $75/$72.50 credit put spread. This trade has a slightly smaller price buffer, but still yields 9% on money risked. The beauty of selling downside risk is that I don’t need JPM to rally. I profit as long as price stays above my sold risk. Email sellspreads@gmail.com with questions or join me to learn more about options in a personal 1on1 webinar here. Nicolas Chahine is the managing director of SellSpreads.com. As of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. You can follow him on Twitter at @racernic and stocktwits at @racernic. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/profit-from-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-stock-no-matter-what/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Market’s Next Big Rally 4 Popular Stocks Hitting New Lows Why Tesla Stock Should Keep Rising for Years to Come 3 Energy ETFs to Buy Today for Better Gains Tomorrow 3 Financial Stocks to Short Now 15 Things to Buy With Your Sell in May Profits ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Market’s Next Big Rally 3 Energy ETFs to Buy Today for Better Gains Tomorrow 4 Popular Stocks Hitting New Lows 15 Things to Buy With Your Sell in May Profits 3 Financial Stocks to Short Now Most Popular 10 Simply Safe Dividend Stocks to Buy for Retirement 4 High-Yield Stocks to Buy for 6%-Plus Dividends 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year Why Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Will Hit $165 After Earnings The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Next Decade 4 Retail Stocks on the Verge of Bankruptcy Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Chart Industries Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chart Industries Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc. Purchases Shares of 30,245 8×8, Inc. (EGHT) American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc. Holds Position in Flowserve Corp (FLS) Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) Stake Maintained by American National Insurance Co. TX American National Insurance Co. TX Has $2,315,000 Stake in Liberty Property Trust (LPT) American National Insurance Co. TX Maintains Stake in Tupperware Brands Co. (TUP) American National Insurance Co. TX Continues to Hold Stake in Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. (EEP) Blackrock Muniyield Fund Inc. (MYD) Plans $0.07 Monthly Dividend POWERSHARES GLBAL FUNDS IRELAND PLC POWERSHARES EQQQ NASDAQ-100 UCITS ETF (IRELAND) Receives Outperform Rating from BMO Capital Markets American National Insurance Co. TX Has $4,176,000 Position in Mohawk Industries, Inc. (MHK) CDW Corp (CDW) Stake Maintained by Amica Retiree Medical Trust American National Insurance Co. TX Has $2,504,000 Stake in Chart Industries, Inc. (GTLS) Interactive Intelligence Group (ININ) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.19 Intercept Pharmaceuticals (ICPT) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.16 Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Insider Gary J. Goldberg Sells 1,000 Shares Financial Institutions (FISI) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.31 First Horizon National Corp (FHN) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Jean Jacques Bienaime Purchases 500 Shares of Incyte Co. (INCY) Stock Insider Selling: Qualys Inc (QLYS) VP Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock David A. Lemoine Sells 1,524 Shares of Insulet Co. (PODD) Stock Graco Inc. (GGG) Director Eric Etchart Sells 415 Shares American National Insurance Co. TX Has $2,504,000 Stake in Chart Industries, Inc. (GTLS) May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet American National Insurance Co. TX maintained its position in Chart Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:GTLS) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 71,680 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. American National Insurance Co. TX owned approximately 0.23% of Chart Industries worth $2,504,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in GTLS. Gamco Investors INC. ET AL purchased a new position in Chart Industries during the fourth quarter worth approximately $2,954,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in Chart Industries by 7.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,241,953 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $73,603,000 after buying an additional 161,278 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Chart Industries by 314.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 91,295 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $2,998,000 after buying an additional 69,243 shares during the last quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in Chart Industries by 6.6% in the third quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. now owns 287,818 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $9,449,000 after buying an additional 17,864 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Comerica Bank raised its stake in Chart Industries by 5.3% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 33,915 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,285,000 after buying an additional 1,716 shares during the last quarter. 89.29% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Chart Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:GTLS) traded down 1.88% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $36.02. 237,322 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $34.58 and its 200 day moving average price is $35.60. The firm has a market cap of $1.11 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 37.21 and a beta of 1.62. Chart Industries, Inc. has a one year low of $21.80 and a one year high of $40.87. Chart Industries (NASDAQ:GTLS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The industrial products company reported $0.01 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.02 by $0.01. Chart Industries had a positive return on equity of 6.10% and a negative net margin of 21.93%. The firm had revenue of $204.10 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $198.57 million. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted ($0.08) earnings per share. Chart Industries’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Chart Industries, Inc. will post $0.74 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/american-national-insurance-co-tx-has-2504000-stake-in-chart-industries-inc-gtls.html. Several analysts have issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Chart Industries from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday. TheStreet upgraded shares of Chart Industries from a “d+” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Lake Street Capital upgraded shares of Chart Industries from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price target for the company from $32.00 to $44.00 in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Chart Industries presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $38.67. Chart Industries Company Profile Chart Industries, Inc is a diversified global manufacturer of engineered equipment, packaged solutions, and value-add services used throughout the industrial gas, energy and biomedical industries. The Company operates through three business segments: Energy & Chemicals (E&C), Distribution & Storage (D&S) and BioMedical. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GTLS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Chart Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:GTLS). Receive News & Ratings for Chart Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chart Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Diageo plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Diageo plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Diageo plc (DGE) Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Riverview Bancorp (RVSB) Share Price Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Shares Up 11.6% After Earnings Beat Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Allianzgi Convertible & Income Fund (NCV) Plans $0.07 Monthly Dividend Schaper Benz & Wise Investment Counsel Inc. WI Lowers Stake in Waters Co. (WAT) Cedar Wealth Management LLC Purchases 1,370 Shares of Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP) Shares Bought by Usca Ria LLC Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. Reduces Stake in Mattel, Inc. (MAT) Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. Sells 225 Shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) 6,025 Shares in Carter's, Inc. (CRI) Acquired by Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. U.S. Bancorp (USB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Premier Inc (PINC) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Director Ann Mather Sells 22 Shares Tamarack-Valley-Energy-Ltd (TVE) Insider Gmt Capital Corp Buys 14,800 Shares of Stock Teranga Gold Corp (TGZ) Insider Navin Dyal Purchases 25,000 Shares of Stock Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Diageo plc (DGE) May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several brokerages have updated their recommendations and price targets on shares of Diageo plc (LON: DGE) in the last few weeks: 4/27/2017 – Diageo plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc. They now have a GBX 2,600 ($33.57) price target on the stock. 4/26/2017 – Diageo plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a GBX 2,500 ($32.28) price target on the stock. 4/21/2017 – Diageo plc had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 2,500 ($32.28) price target on the stock. 4/19/2017 – Diageo plc had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 2,500 ($32.28) price target on the stock. 4/6/2017 – Diageo plc had its price target raised by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG from GBX 2,430 ($31.38) to GBX 2,500 ($32.28). They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 4/6/2017 – Diageo plc was given a new GBX 2,500 ($32.28) price target on by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/31/2017 – Diageo plc was given a new GBX 2,100 ($27.11) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 3/31/2017 – Diageo plc had its “equal weight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 2,300 ($29.70) price target on the stock. 3/29/2017 – Diageo plc had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 2,000 ($25.82) price target on the stock. 3/23/2017 – Diageo plc had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 2,000 ($25.82) price target on the stock. 3/21/2017 – Diageo plc had its “equal weight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. 3/17/2017 – Diageo plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Bryan, Garnier & Co. They now have a GBX 2,210 ($28.53) price target on the stock. 3/17/2017 – Diageo plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Whitman Howard. They now have a GBX 2,250 ($29.05) price target on the stock. 3/17/2017 – Diageo plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a GBX 2,500 ($32.28) price target on the stock. 3/17/2017 – Diageo plc had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 2,500 ($32.28) price target on the stock. 3/17/2017 – Diageo plc was given a new GBX 2,185 ($28.21) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 3/10/2017 – Diageo plc was given a new GBX 2,500 ($32.28) price target on by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. Diageo plc (LON:DGE) traded up 0.22% during trading on Tuesday, hitting GBX 2251.50. The stock had a trading volume of 3,715,604 shares. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 56.54 billion. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 2,281.17 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 2,174.39. Diageo plc has a 1-year low of GBX 1,737.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 2,348.09. Diageo PLC is an alcoholic beverage company. The Company operates in various categories, including spirits and beer. Its geographic segments include North America; Europe, Russia and Turkey; Africa; Latin America and Caribbean, and Asia Pacific. Its principal products includes Scotch whisky, Gin, Vodka, Rum, Beer, Irish Cream Liqueur, Wine, Raki, Tequila, Canadian Whisky, American Whiskey, Progressive Adult Beverages, Cachaca, Brandy and Ready to Drink. Receive News & Ratings for Diageo plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Diageo plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman MAA Announces Pricing of Senior Unsecured Notes Offering MEMPHIS, Tenn., May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. (NYSE: MAA) today announced that its operating partnership, Mid-America Apartments, L.P. (MAALP), priced a $600 million offering of MAALP’s 3.600% senior unsecured notes due 2027 (the „Notes”) under its existing shelf registration statement. The Notes were priced at 99.580% of the principal amount.  The closing of the offering is expected to occur on May 9, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.  MAALP intends to use net proceeds from the offering to repay a portion of borrowings outstanding under its $1 billion revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes, which may include, without limitation, the repayment of other debt and the acquisition, development and redevelopment of apartment communities. Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Jefferies LLC and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. were the joint book-running managers for the offering. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and has become effective. The offering of these securities will be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus.  Copies of these documents may be obtained from: Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, 608 2nd Avenue South, Minneapolis, MN 55402, Attention: WFS Customer Service, or by calling: 1-800-645-3751, or by emailing: wfscustomerservice@wellsfargo.com; Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by calling 1-800-831-9146, or by emailing: prospectus@citi.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179; Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, or by calling: 1-212-834-4533; Jefferies LLC, 520 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, or by calling: 1-877-877-0696; and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., 214 N. Tryon St., Charlotte, NC 28202, Attention: Credit Fixed Income, or by calling: 1-877-558-2607.  Alternatively, investors may obtain these documents, when available, for free by visiting EDGAR on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website at www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the notes, nor shall there be any sale of the notes in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.   Forward-Looking Statements We consider this and other sections of this press release to contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to our expectations for future periods. Forward-looking statements do not discuss historical fact, but instead include statements related to expectations, projections, intentions or other items related to the future. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements related to the Notes offering and the expected use of the net proceeds therefrom, as well as any statements concerning property acquisitions and dispositions, joint venture activity, development and renovation activity as well as other capital expenditures, capital raising activities, rent and expense growth, occupancy, financing activities and interest rate and other economic expectations.  Words such as „expects,” „anticipates,” „intends,” „plans,” „believes,” „seeks,” „estimates” and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results of operations, financial condition, performance or achievements to be materially different from the results of operations, financial conditions, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among other things, unanticipated adverse business developments affecting us or our properties and adverse changes in the real estate markets and general and local economies and business conditions. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate, and therefore such forward-looking statements included in this press release may not prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included in this press release, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the results or conditions described in such statements or our objectives and plans will be achieved. The following factors, among others, could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: inability to generate sufficient cash flows due to market conditions, changes in supply and/or demand, competition, uninsured losses, changes in tax and housing laws, or other factors; exposure, as a multifamily-focused REIT, to risks inherent in investments in a single industry and sector; adverse changes in real estate markets, including, but not limited to, the extent of future demand for multifamily units in our significant markets, barriers of entry into new markets which we may seek to enter in the future, limitations on our ability to increase rental rates, competition, our ability to identify and consummate attractive acquisitions or development projects on favorable terms, our ability to consummate any planned dispositions in a timely manner on acceptable terms, and our ability to reinvest sale proceeds in a manner that generates favorable returns;  failure of new acquisitions to achieve anticipated results or be efficiently integrated; failure of development communities to be completed, if at all, within budget and on a timely basis or to lease-up as anticipated; unexpected capital needs; changes in operating costs, including real estate taxes, utilities and insurance costs; losses from catastrophes in excess of our insurance coverage; ability to obtain financing at favorable rates, if at all, and refinance existing debt as it matures;  level and volatility of interest or capitalization rates or capital market conditions;  loss of hedge accounting treatment for interest rate swaps or interest rate caps;  the continuation of the good credit of our interest rate swap and cap providers;  price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions in the financial markets and the resulting impact on financing;  the effect of any rating agency actions on the cost and availability of new debt financing;  significant decline in market value of real estate serving as collateral for mortgage obligations;  significant change in the mortgage financing market that would cause single-family housing, either as an owned or rental product, to become a more significant competitive product;  our ability to continue to satisfy complex rules in order to maintain our status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, the ability of the Operating Partnership to satisfy the rules to maintain its status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, the ability of our taxable REIT subsidiaries to maintain their status as such for federal income tax purposes, and our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to operate effectively within the limitations imposed by these rules;  inability to attract and retain qualified personnel;  cyber liability or potential liability for breaches of our privacy or information security systems; potential liability for environmental contamination;  adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes;  litigation and compliance costs associated with laws requiring access for disabled persons;   risks associated with unexpected costs or unexpected liabilities that may arise from the Post Properties merger; risks associated with the Post Properties merger, including the integration of our and Post Properties’ businesses and achieving expected revenue synergies and/or cost savings as a result of the merger; and other risks identified in the prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated therein by reference. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances or changes in expectations after the date of this press release. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/maa-announces-pricing-of-senior-unsecured-notes-offering-300450011.html SOURCE MAA Related Links http://www.maac.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsStock Offering Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hackensack Meridian Health and JFK Health Sign Definitive Agreement to Merge Next PostNext TheStreet, Inc. to Announce Fiscal 2017 First Quarter Financial Results on May 9, 2017 Search Recent Posts Carleton, Inc. Completes Successful SOC 2 Audit Pink Elephant, a New Fashion-Focused Girls Organic Clothing Brand, Launches Fast-growing Firm Keystone Law, Leverages ndSync™ to Complement Progressive Technology Strategy AlphaSense Recognized Among Companies Leading the AI Revolution Julie Quaid Elected to the Board of Trustees for Collaborative Divorce Texas RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aegion Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aegion Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Has $14.107 Million Stake in Unilever plc (UL) First Republic Bank (FRC) Position Decreased by Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Edgewell Personal Care Co (EPC) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.08 EPS Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Acquires Shares of 716,282 Telefonica Brasil SA (VIV) Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Has $11.459 Million Position in Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Genetic Technologies Limited (GENE) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.10 Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC Buys 94,639 Shares of Modine Manufacturing Co. (MOD) Aegion Corp (AEGN) Position Boosted by Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Cameco Corp (CCJ) Stake Lowered by Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Voya Financial Inc (VOYA) Position Lowered by Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC Sells 1,135,208 Shares of Penn National Gaming, Inc (PENN) Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC Has $5.139 Million Position in Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Energen Co. (EGN) Shares Bought by Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Sony Corp’s (SNE) Conviction-Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Elevate Credit Inc (ELVT) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at William Blair QUALCOMM’s (QCOM) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Mizuho Stifel Nicolaus Reiterates Buy Rating for Colonial Properties Trust Inc (CLP) Cheesecake Factory’s (CAKE) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Maxim Group VEON Ltd (VEON) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Aegion Corp (AEGN) Position Boosted by Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. raised its stake in shares of Aegion Corp (NASDAQ:AEGN) by 23.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 367,025 shares of the construction company’s stock after buying an additional 69,475 shares during the period. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. owned approximately 1.13% of Aegion Corp worth $8,409,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. HL Financial Services LLC raised its position in shares of Aegion Corp by 3.4% in the third quarter. HL Financial Services LLC now owns 14,375 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $274,000 after buying an additional 475 shares during the period. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in shares of Aegion Corp by 11.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 13,963 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $266,000 after buying an additional 1,490 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Aegion Corp by 2.4% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 672,932 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $12,832,000 after buying an additional 15,593 shares during the period. Valmark Advisers Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Aegion Corp during the third quarter valued at approximately $349,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Aegion Corp by 17.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 186,724 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $3,561,000 after buying an additional 27,193 shares during the period. 88.83% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Aegion Corp (NASDAQ:AEGN) traded down 0.56% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $21.18. The company had a trading volume of 142,423 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $22.62 and its 200-day moving average is $22.82. Aegion Corp has a 12 month low of $17.18 and a 12 month high of $26.68. The company has a market capitalization of $687.40 million, a P/E ratio of 25.21 and a beta of 1.75. Aegion Corp (NASDAQ:AEGN) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, February 28th. The construction company reported $0.44 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.37 by $0.07. Aegion Corp had a positive return on equity of 6.43% and a negative net margin of 1.72%. The firm had revenue of $321.80 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $336.70 million. On average, equities analysts expect that Aegion Corp will post $1.36 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/aegion-corp-aegn-position-boosted-by-tocqueville-asset-management-l-p.html. Several equities analysts have recently commented on AEGN shares. Canaccord Genuity started coverage on Aegion Corp in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $30.00 price target on the stock. DA Davidson reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Aegion Corp in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. TheStreet lowered Aegion Corp from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Hilliard Lyons lowered Aegion Corp from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $25.00. In related news, SVP Michael D. White sold 2,175 shares of Aegion Corp stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $24.22, for a total value of $52,678.50. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 14,409 shares in the company, valued at $348,985.98. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. 3.47% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Aegion Corp Aegion Corporation (Aegion) is engaged in providing infrastructure protection and maintenance. The Company operates through three segments: Infrastructure Solutions, Corrosion Protection and Energy Services. The Company offers service solutions, including rehabilitation of water and wastewater pipelines with Insituform cured-in-place pipe (CIPP) products; fusible polyvinyl chloride products for rehabilitation; fiber reinforced polymer systems for rehabilitation and strengthening; cathodic protection for corrosion engineering control and infrastructure rehabilitation; pipe coatings for corrosion control and prevention; high density polyethylene (HDPE) pipe lining for corrosion control, abrasion protection and pipeline rehabilitation, and construction and maintenance of oil and gas facilities. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AEGN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Aegion Corp (NASDAQ:AEGN). Receive News & Ratings for Aegion Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aegion Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman MAA Announces Pricing of Senior Unsecured Notes Offering MEMPHIS, Tenn., May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. (NYSE: MAA) today announced that its operating partnership, Mid-America Apartments, L.P. (MAALP), priced a $600 million offering of MAALP's 3.600% senior unsecured notes due 2027 (the "Notes") under its existing shelf registration statement. The Notes were priced at 99.580% of the principal amount.  The closing of the offering is expected to occur on May 9, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.  MAALP intends to use net proceeds from the offering to repay a portion of borrowings outstanding under its $1 billion revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes, which may include, without limitation, the repayment of other debt and the acquisition, development and redevelopment of apartment communities. Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Jefferies LLC and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. were the joint book-running managers for the offering. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and has become effective. The offering of these securities will be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus.  Copies of these documents may be obtained from: Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, 608 2nd Avenue South, Minneapolis, MN 55402, Attention: WFS Customer Service, or by calling: 1-800-645-3751, or by emailing: wfscustomerservice@wellsfargo.com; Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by calling 1-800-831-9146, or by emailing: prospectus@citi.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179; Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, or by calling: 1-212-834-4533; Jefferies LLC, 520 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, or by calling: 1-877-877-0696; and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc., 214 N. Tryon St., Charlotte, NC 28202, Attention: Credit Fixed Income, or by calling: 1-877-558-2607.  Alternatively, investors may obtain these documents, when available, for free by visiting EDGAR on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website at www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the notes, nor shall there be any sale of the notes in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.   Forward-Looking Statements We consider this and other sections of this press release to contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to our expectations for future periods. Forward-looking statements do not discuss historical fact, but instead include statements related to expectations, projections, intentions or other items related to the future. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements related to the Notes offering and the expected use of the net proceeds therefrom, as well as any statements concerning property acquisitions and dispositions, joint venture activity, development and renovation activity as well as other capital expenditures, capital raising activities, rent and expense growth, occupancy, financing activities and interest rate and other economic expectations.  Words such as "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates" and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results of operations, financial condition, performance or achievements to be materially different from the results of operations, financial conditions, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among other things, unanticipated adverse business developments affecting us or our properties and adverse changes in the real estate markets and general and local economies and business conditions. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate, and therefore such forward-looking statements included in this press release may not prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included in this press release, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the results or conditions described in such statements or our objectives and plans will be achieved. The following factors, among others, could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: inability to generate sufficient cash flows due to market conditions, changes in supply and/or demand, competition, uninsured losses, changes in tax and housing laws, or other factors; exposure, as a multifamily-focused REIT, to risks inherent in investments in a single industry and sector; adverse changes in real estate markets, including, but not limited to, the extent of future demand for multifamily units in our significant markets, barriers of entry into new markets which we may seek to enter in the future, limitations on our ability to increase rental rates, competition, our ability to identify and consummate attractive acquisitions or development projects on favorable terms, our ability to consummate any planned dispositions in a timely manner on acceptable terms, and our ability to reinvest sale proceeds in a manner that generates favorable returns;  failure of new acquisitions to achieve anticipated results or be efficiently integrated; failure of development communities to be completed, if at all, within budget and on a timely basis or to lease-up as anticipated; unexpected capital needs; changes in operating costs, including real estate taxes, utilities and insurance costs; losses from catastrophes in excess of our insurance coverage; ability to obtain financing at favorable rates, if at all, and refinance existing debt as it matures;  level and volatility of interest or capitalization rates or capital market conditions;  loss of hedge accounting treatment for interest rate swaps or interest rate caps;  the continuation of the good credit of our interest rate swap and cap providers;  price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions in the financial markets and the resulting impact on financing;  the effect of any rating agency actions on the cost and availability of new debt financing;  significant decline in market value of real estate serving as collateral for mortgage obligations;  significant change in the mortgage financing market that would cause single-family housing, either as an owned or rental product, to become a more significant competitive product;  our ability to continue to satisfy complex rules in order to maintain our status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, the ability of the Operating Partnership to satisfy the rules to maintain its status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, the ability of our taxable REIT subsidiaries to maintain their status as such for federal income tax purposes, and our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to operate effectively within the limitations imposed by these rules;  inability to attract and retain qualified personnel;  cyber liability or potential liability for breaches of our privacy or information security systems; potential liability for environmental contamination;  adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes;  litigation and compliance costs associated with laws requiring access for disabled persons;   risks associated with unexpected costs or unexpected liabilities that may arise from the Post Properties merger; risks associated with the Post Properties merger, including the integration of our and Post Properties' businesses and achieving expected revenue synergies and/or cost savings as a result of the merger; and other risks identified in the prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated therein by reference. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances or changes in expectations after the date of this press release.   SOURCE MAA CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Offerings, Real Estate Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust Reports Financial and Operating Results for the First Quarter 2017 Next PostNext American Assets Trust, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Search Recent Posts Grain Mill Products market Outlook to 2021: Top Companies in Market, Trends & Growth Factors and Details for Business Development Medicinal Clove Market Supply and Consumption Research Report 2022 – Aura Cacia, Nature’s Alchemy, Earths Care, Manohar Botanical Extracts, Great American Spice and more Pomegranate Market Segmentation and Analysis by Recent Trends, Development and Growth by Trending Regions 2017 Global Downhole Drilling Tools Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Diesel Common Rail Injection System Market Analysis, Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aegion Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aegion Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Purchases 161,600 Shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Raises Position in Synchrony Financial (SYF) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Has $28.23 Million Stake in Moody's Co. (MCO) Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Boosts Position in WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (KALU) Position Boosted by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Hub Group Inc (HUBG) Position Increased by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Aegion Corp (AEGN) Shares Bought by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Analysts Anticipate Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL) Will Post Earnings of $1.00 Per Share -$0.59 Earnings Per Share Expected for Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) This Quarter Medicx Fund Ltd. (MXF) Declares GBX 1.50 Dividend Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Director Gordon Ritter Sells 10,200 Shares of Stock Chemical Financial Co. (CHFC) Director Richard M. Lievense Sells 13,351 Shares Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) Director Lars Wedenborn Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Bank of Hawaii Co. (BOH) CEO Peter S. Ho Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Graco Inc. (GGG) Director William J. Carroll Sells 8,600 Shares Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Price Target Increased to $45.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Tripadvisor (TRIP) Stock Price Trex Company (TREX) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.18 Sequential Brands Group Inc (SQBG) to Release Earnings on Thursday T. Rowe Price Group (TROW) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows Aegion Corp (AEGN) Shares Bought by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. increased its stake in shares of Aegion Corp (NASDAQ:AEGN) by 2.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 47,600 shares of the construction company’s stock after buying an additional 1,300 shares during the period. Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc.’s holdings in Aegion Corp were worth $1,091,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of AEGN. HL Financial Services LLC increased its stake in Aegion Corp by 3.4% in the third quarter. HL Financial Services LLC now owns 14,375 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $274,000 after buying an additional 475 shares during the period. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in Aegion Corp by 11.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 13,963 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $266,000 after buying an additional 1,490 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in Aegion Corp by 2.4% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 672,932 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $12,832,000 after buying an additional 15,593 shares during the period. Valmark Advisers Inc. bought a new stake in Aegion Corp during the third quarter valued at $349,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Aegion Corp by 17.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 186,724 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $3,561,000 after buying an additional 27,193 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 88.83% of the company’s stock. Aegion Corp (NASDAQ:AEGN) traded down 0.56% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $21.18. 142,190 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $687.40 million, a P/E ratio of 25.21 and a beta of 1.75. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $22.62 and its 200 day moving average price is $22.82. Aegion Corp has a 12-month low of $17.18 and a 12-month high of $26.68. Aegion Corp (NASDAQ:AEGN) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 28th. The construction company reported $0.44 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.37 by $0.07. Aegion Corp had a negative net margin of 1.72% and a positive return on equity of 6.43%. The company earned $321.80 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $336.70 million. Analysts anticipate that Aegion Corp will post $1.36 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Aegion Corp (AEGN) Shares Bought by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc.” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/aegion-corp-aegn-shares-bought-by-adams-diversified-equity-fund-inc.html. Several analysts recently weighed in on AEGN shares. Canaccord Genuity started coverage on shares of Aegion Corp in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $30.00 target price for the company. DA Davidson reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Aegion Corp in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. TheStreet downgraded shares of Aegion Corp from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Hilliard Lyons downgraded shares of Aegion Corp from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $25.00. In other news, SVP Michael D. White sold 2,175 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $24.22, for a total value of $52,678.50. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now owns 14,409 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $348,985.98. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. 3.47% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Aegion Corp Company Profile Aegion Corporation (Aegion) is engaged in providing infrastructure protection and maintenance. The Company operates through three segments: Infrastructure Solutions, Corrosion Protection and Energy Services. The Company offers service solutions, including rehabilitation of water and wastewater pipelines with Insituform cured-in-place pipe (CIPP) products; fusible polyvinyl chloride products for rehabilitation; fiber reinforced polymer systems for rehabilitation and strengthening; cathodic protection for corrosion engineering control and infrastructure rehabilitation; pipe coatings for corrosion control and prevention; high density polyethylene (HDPE) pipe lining for corrosion control, abrasion protection and pipeline rehabilitation, and construction and maintenance of oil and gas facilities. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AEGN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Aegion Corp (NASDAQ:AEGN). Receive News & Ratings for Aegion Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aegion Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance United States Steel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for United States Steel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Murphy USA Inc (MUSA) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.94 Per Share $0.45 Earnings Per Share Expected for Carnival plc (CUK) This Quarter Eldorado Resorts Inc (ERI) Given $22.00 Average Price Target by Analysts Selective Insurance Group (SIGI) Director William M. Rue Sells 12,000 Shares Insider Selling: Skechers USA Inc (SKX) COO Sells 23,502 Shares of Stock BankFinancial (BFIN) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of -0.12 Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact CVR Refining (CVRR) Share Price Dimension Therapeutics Inc (DMTX) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Welch Investments LLC Increases Stake in Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) A. O. Smith Corp (AOS) Shares Bought by Thompson Investment Management Inc. Welch Investments LLC Continues to Hold Position in Royal Bank of Canada (RY) Thompson Investment Management Inc. Raises Stake in Flagstar Bancorp Inc (FBC) Thompson Investment Management Inc. Has $520,000 Position in CPI Card Group Inc (PMTS) PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) Position Cut by Thompson Investment Management Inc. Heartland Advisors Inc. Sells 140,265 Shares of Entegris Inc (ENTG) Heartland Advisors Inc. Reduces Stake in Innophos Holdings, Inc. (IPHS) Heartland Advisors Inc. Buys Shares of 500,000 Lannett Company, Inc. (LCI) Landec Co. (LNDC) Shares Sold by Heartland Advisors Inc. Merck KGaA (MRK) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates -$1.71 Earnings Per Share Expected for bluebird bio Inc (BLUE) This Quarter United States Steel Co. (X) Receives Buy Rating from Morgan Stanley May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance Tweet United States Steel Co. (NYSE:X)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by analysts at Morgan Stanley in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. They presently have a $34.00 price objective on the basic materials company’s stock, down from their previous price objective of $48.00. Morgan Stanley’s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 54.76% from the company’s current price. Other equities analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Vetr upgraded shares of United States Steel from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $33.80 price target on the stock in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of United States Steel from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 price target on the stock in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $45.00 price target on shares of United States Steel in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Argus upgraded shares of United States Steel from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price target for the company from $33.78 to $39.00 in a report on Monday, February 6th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG upped their price target on shares of United States Steel from $40.00 to $45.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $33.02. Shares of United States Steel (NYSE:X) traded up 0.14% on Monday, hitting $21.97. The stock had a trading volume of 16,452,517 shares. The stock’s market cap is $3.84 billion. United States Steel has a 12 month low of $12.77 and a 12 month high of $41.83. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $31.94 and a 200-day moving average price of $31.80. United States Steel (NYSE:X) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The basic materials company reported ($0.83) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.35 by $1.18. The firm had revenue of $2.73 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.91 billion. United States Steel had a negative net margin of 4.29% and a negative return on equity of 11.36%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 16.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted ($2.15) earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that United States Steel will post $1.94 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 9th. Investors of record on Wednesday, May 10th will be given a dividend of $0.05 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, May 8th. This represents a $0.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.91%. United States Steel’s payout ratio is -6.83%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/united-states-steel-co-x-given-a-34-00-price-target-at-morgan-stanley.html. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of X. TLP Group LLC purchased a new stake in United States Steel during the third quarter worth approximately $186,000. Tyers Asset Management LLC purchased a new stake in United States Steel during the fourth quarter worth approximately $196,000. LS Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in United States Steel by 24.2% in the third quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 10,911 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $206,000 after buying an additional 2,124 shares during the last quarter. Bluestein R H & Co. purchased a new stake in United States Steel during the fourth quarter worth approximately $214,000. Finally, First Allied Advisory Services Inc. purchased a new stake in United States Steel during the fourth quarter worth approximately $223,000. 77.18% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. United States Steel Company Profile United States Steel Corporation is an integrated steel producer. The Company is engaged in producing flat-rolled and tubular products with production operations in North America and Europe. The Company operates through three segments: Flat-Rolled Products (Flat-Rolled), U. S. Steel Europe (USSE) and Tubular Products (Tubular). Receive News & Ratings for United States Steel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for United States Steel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance United Microelectronics Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for United Microelectronics Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News NuStar Energy L.P. (NS) Stake Held by Oxbow Advisors LLC United Microelectronics Corp (UMC) Position Raised by Greenleaf Trust Oxbow Advisors LLC Invests $210,000 in CMS Energy Co. (CMS) Oxbow Advisors LLC Has $253,000 Position in Hess Corp. (HES) Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Stake Raised by Oxbow Advisors LLC Synchrony Financial (SYF) Given “Hold” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.18 EPS Twitter Inc (TWTR) Given Underweight Rating at Barclays PLC Harris Co. (HRS) Stake Increased by Deroy & Devereaux Private Investment Counsel Inc. Tower International Inc (TOWR) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.16 EPS St. Joe Co (JOE) Set to Announce Earnings on Thursday Bank of Stockton Reduces Stake in Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Endurance International Group Holdings Inc (EIGI) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.45 EPS Spartan Motors Inc (SPAR) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Seacor Holdings (CKH) Receives Media Impact Rating of -0.12 United States Steel Co. (X) Given a $34.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Expeditors International of Washington (EXPD) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results BB&T Corp Increases Position in Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Intercontinental Exchange Inc (ICE) Stake Raised by Central Bank & Trust Co. Neenah Paper, Inc. (NP) Shares Sold by BB&T Corp United Microelectronics Corp (UMC) Position Raised by Greenleaf Trust May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Greenleaf Trust boosted its stake in shares of United Microelectronics Corp (NYSE:UMC) by 164.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 138,664 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock after buying an additional 86,173 shares during the period. Greenleaf Trust’s holdings in United Microelectronics Corp were worth $268,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D increased its position in United Microelectronics Corp by 15.2% in the third quarter. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D now owns 281,200 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $520,000 after buying an additional 37,200 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of United Microelectronics Corp by 91.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 368,926 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $683,000 after buying an additional 176,694 shares during the period. Arlington Capital Management Inc. bought a new stake in shares of United Microelectronics Corp during the third quarter worth about $111,000. Susquehanna International Group LLP bought a new stake in shares of United Microelectronics Corp during the third quarter worth about $137,000. Finally, Analytic Investors LLC increased its stake in shares of United Microelectronics Corp by 3.1% in the third quarter. Analytic Investors LLC now owns 618,600 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $1,144,000 after buying an additional 18,400 shares during the period. 5.68% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of United Microelectronics Corp (NYSE:UMC) traded up 0.52% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $1.94. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 7,639,749 shares. The company has a market cap of $4.74 billion, a PE ratio of 17.64 and a beta of 0.71. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $1.95 and a 200-day moving average of $1.88. United Microelectronics Corp has a 12-month low of $1.74 and a 12-month high of $2.11. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/united-microelectronics-corp-umc-position-raised-by-greenleaf-trust.html. Separately, HSBC Holdings plc raised United Microelectronics Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. United Microelectronics Corp Company Profile United Microelectronics Corporation is a global semiconductor foundry. The Company provides integrated circuit (IC) production for applications spanning every sector of the electronics industry. The Company operates through two segments: wafer fabrication and new business. The primary operating activity of the Company’s wafer fabrication segment is the manufacture of chips to the design specifications of its customers by using its own processes and techniques. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UMC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for United Microelectronics Corp (NYSE:UMC). Receive News & Ratings for United Microelectronics Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for United Microelectronics Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Iconic Tour CNBC Disruptor 50 Shaping the future Trading Nation Investing in Megatrends Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Pro Analysis Start Over| ‹ When traders get this carefree about the market, it usually doesn’t end well Here are 4 top stock ideas from JPMorgan’s research team Morning Top 10 Tuesday Tech stock was downgraded after doubling in a year, 'As good as it gets' JPMorgan: Bank stocks are cheap relative to the market Buy Dunkin' Brands because it may raise its dividend, share buyback: RBC says Morning Top 10 Monday Santoli: These 3 big investor worries seem way overblown Consumers provide new sort of Trump bump Buy Apple due to ‘pent up demand’ for the iPhone 8, Credit Suisse says Morning Top 10 Friday Here’s how Trump’s stock market in the first 100 days stacks up against the rest Here's how Wall Street is reacting to Trump's tax plan Sell in May? Yes, but traders may want to hang around for the thrill ride Breakingviews: Twitter will need more than just user growth Here's who Wall Street thinks could buy struggling Ugg-maker Deckers Here is a quick way old-media Fox could jump into the digital age TipRanks: Insiders with great track records are buying these 3 stocks Apple is a 'safe haven' for investors in a volatile world, analyst says Santoli: Value stocks are ready to make another run at growth Here are 5 internet stock picks from Cowen for earnings season McDonald's new burgers, better food menu to increase profits, Wall Street says Morning Top 10 Friday Hedge fund assets reach new high of $3.1 trillion on positive returns Morning Top 10 Thursday Here are 4 ‘high conviction’ stock ideas from Morgan Stanley for earnings season Bet on AMD, this other hot stock into earnings: Options trader Buy Coca-Cola for its return to earnings growth next year, Credit Suisse says Morning Top 10 Wednesday Goldman's fintech revolution can’t come fast enough The strongest earnings growth in 5 years will fail to boost the market: JPMorgan Netflix bulls on Wall Street unfazed by mixed results — research wrap Buy McDonald's because of its new menu offerings, digital ordering, Bernstein says Apple's services business will double in 3 years, Credit Suisse predicts Morning Top 10 Tuesday Goldman makes this beer importer one of its favorite stocks Buy Imax because of its improving China box office, analyst says Morning Top 10 Monday U.S. banks all dressed up no where to grow Spring housing sales off to 'robust' start, analyst says; recommends Toll, Lennar Here are Leon Cooperman's favorite stocks right now Morning Top 10 Thursday Buy PayPal because credit card competition fears ‘overblown’: Analyst Lululemon shares, down 20% so far in 2017, are poised for a comeback: Analyst This chart shows a key part of the 'Trump trade' may still have some life left Buy Netflix because subscriber numbers will top Street next week, Goldman says Hess shares to rally 60% in the next year, Bank of America predicts Western Digital to surge more than 30% on chip shortage, JPMorgan says Goldman makes Hilton a favorite pick, sees shares jumping more than 30% Goldman: Market going lower, so buy stocks with rising profitability Morning Top 10 Monday Apple will launch a new high-end iPhone model this year, analyst says JPMorgan recommends Facebook and Netflix into earnings, but is 'cautious' on Amazon Wal-Mart to rally 15% as it shows 'new prowess' online, Telsey Advisory predicts Morning Top 10 Friday Bezos’ deep pockets give him the edge over Musk in space These are the 5 favorite tech stocks from Wall Street's top analysts Be wary of bank stocks into earnings season, strategist warns Deutsche Bank downgrades T-Mobile because of wireless service pricing pressure AMD to plunge because it is ‘priced for perfection,’ Goldman says Morning Top 10 Thursday These 9 stocks will thrive from even modest tax reform, Jefferies says Trump is not going to like what's behind this winning trade since the election Sell Shake Shack on saturation risk from opening new restaurants, Goldman says Buy Under Armour because social media sentiment is improving, Jefferies says Citigroup and Wells Fargo upgraded by KBW before earnings on rising rates Morning Top 10 Wednesday This chart could hold the clue to the next big interest rate move Buy Apple because suppliers are seeing rising demand, analyst says Caterpillar to rally 30% on construction equipment turnaround, Goldman says Citi downgrades Bank of America on valuation after near 40% rally since election Sell Nvidia because card demand going ‘from bad to worse,’ analyst says Apple proves once again it can be cold-blooded with suppliers 9 ‘most crowded’ stocks investors may want to avoid, Credit Suisse says Buy Live Nation because millennials driving rising concert ticket sales: Goldman April is the Dow's best month and these stocks do particularly well Netflix will miss its US subscriber guidance, analyst says Sell Under Armour because of a price war with Nike, analyst says Morning Top 10 Monday Santoli: After a smooth 5% climb in the 1st quarter, rally still looks healthy Stephen Weiss: Your investment setup for the week ahead Buy McDonald's because the new fresh beef Quarter Pounder will increase sales, Credit Suisse says These are the 5 favorite commodity stocks from Wall Street's top analysts Strategist Lee: Junk bond disturbance usually means bad things for stocks Citi downgrades this high-flying Apple supplier because iPhone upside priced in Morning Top 10 Friday Breakingviews: Sears may leave an even bigger finance legacy S&P 500 gains for the year are in, BMO says, so bet on growth stocks from here Analysts' pie-in-the-sky earnings estimates for 2017 to come crashing down, strategist says Buy energy stocks on the dip because oil prices will rise, Jefferies says This Apple chip supplier will surge because of the next iPhone, JPMorgan says Goldman downgrades Goodyear shares because of heavy tire discounting by dealers Morning Top 10 Thursday Karma. BlackRock brings Wall Street some automation payback Buy Morgan Stanley due to its improving trading business, Deutsche Bank says These construction materials stocks will rally on infrastructure plan, Citi says Amazon will be worth $1 trillion one day, Barclays predicts Sell Victoria's Secret parent shares on Aerie competition, Jefferies says Mexican peso, stocks are strong performers in March How to invest in Trump’s tax reform, infrastructure plans › Pro Analysis Here are 4 top stock ideas from JPMorgan’s research team Tae Kim | @firstadopter 15 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Kelvin Ma | Bloomberg | Getty Images A Citizens Financial Group bank branch in Boston. JPMorgan's research team shared its top current stock picks in its monthly "U.S. Analyst Focus List" report to clients. "Each month, we ask our equity analysts for one to three of their best stock picks," Nicholas Rosato, head of North America equity research, wrote in the note Tuesday. Here are four companies that JPMorgan recommended and their price targets. 1) Peabody Energy (BTU) "We feel Peabody Energy is significantly undervalued and should appreciate as selling pressure from credit investors eases and as investors realize the opportunity in the stock," analyst John Bridges wrote. Bridges has an overweight rating on Peabody Energy with a $35 price target, representing 36 percent upside from Monday's close. Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BTUUQ --- MAN --- CFG --- FTI --- Pro Analysis When traders get this carefree about the stock market, it usually doesn’t end well Here are 4 top stock ideas from JPMorgan’s research team Here are the 10 most important stories for investors Tuesday morning Western Digital is downgraded after doubling in a year because that's 'as good as it gets' JPMorgan: Keep buying bank stocks because they are still cheap relative to market To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump North Korea ObamaCare Just In... House panel to vote on GOP Dodd-Frank rewrite Finance — 1h 59m ago Clinton brings up ‘Handmaid’s Tale’ in Planned Parenthood speech Blog Briefing Room — 3h 37m ago Trump: Comey 'the best thing' that happened to Clinton Blog Briefing Room — 3h 46m ago Pence: Budget deal 'no small accomplishment' for administration Finance — 4h 24m ago Ex-DNC chair: Obama's $400K speaking fee 'none of your business' News — 4h 24m ago Jeb Bush 'confident' he will win bid for MLB team In The Know — 5h 3m ago Conway rips Clinton's election loss explanation Administration — 5h 11m ago Tillerson headed to Alaska for Arctic Council meeting Administration — 5h 40m ago view all   Leader of powerful community bank lobby to retire By Megan R. Wilson - 05/02/17 10:29 AM EDT 1   © Getty Camden Fine, the outspoken head of the Independent Community Bankers of America (ICBA), is retiring next May, the industry group said on Tuesday. Fine has served as president and chief executive of the organization for almost 14 years, and is known for taking on corporate giants, including Wal-Mart and JPMorgan Chase & Co. “It’s just time,” he told the publication American Banker prior to the public announcement. “I’m an aging Baby Boomer. I think it’s time for the next generation of the community bank CEO with a different vision to write the next chapter of this association.” Rebeca Romero Rainey, the CEO of Centinel Bank in Taos, N.M, will be taking his place in May 2018. She has also served previously as a board chairman of the ICBA. Rainey now sits on the board of the Independent Community Bankers of New Mexico and formerly served as a president of the group. The organization is among the top lobbying spenders in the commercial banking sector, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. It spent about $4.4 million to lobby the federal government in 2016, landing only behind the American Bankers Association, Citigroup and Wells Fargo.  Fine, 66, was not afraid of ruffling feathers and cutting deals. He negotiated with lawmakers on the Dodd-Frank financial reform law when the rest of the banking industry strenuously opposed it. Jamie Dimon, the chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, penned an op-ed calling for large and small banks to work together.  Fine shot back, saying that Wall Street was trying to deflect the “too big to fail” criticism following the financial crisis. Dimon then called him a jerk on CNBC. Under Fine’s watch, the ICBA also led a successful charge and fierce lobbying effort against Wal-Mart’s attempt to get a banking charter from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. in 2004, which the industry feared could put them out of business. “They thought they’d have their bank charter by June,” Fine said in the interview with American Banker. “I told them, ‘Well, we’ll see about that.’ They kinda chuckled as they walked out the door. The rest is history.” His most important accomplishment over the years, Fine said in a press release, has been “ensuring that community bankers have a seat at every table in Washington — at the White House, with congressional leaders and with agency heads.” The overall theme of his tenure, as he tells it, is emphasizing to policymakers that community banks are different than their larger counterparts and should be treated accordingly. Even those who haven’t always seen eye-to-eye with Fine’s group, such as the American Bankers Association (ABA), complimented his leadership. Rob Nichols, the chief executive of the ABA who formerly helmed a group for bank CEOs, called Fine a “forceful and effective advocate for community banks,” while the leader of the Mortgage Bankers Association described him as a “a laser-focused and tireless advocate.” For example, community banks with less than $10 million in assets are not under the direct supervision of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, thanks to Fine, though they still must comply with regulations issued by the agency. Fine, within Dodd-Frank, also pushed for an increase in the deposit insurance limit to $250,000 and scored other victories for smaller banks. “For nearly 15 years, Cam provided ICBA with strong, effective and passionate leadership,” said Richard Hunt, the CEO of the Community Bankers Association, in a statement. “Thanks to our conversations about the banking industry, politics and our mutual love of baseball, I have developed a deep respect for Cam on both a professional and personal level.” Fine earned nearly $2.5 million in salary and benefits in 2014, according to the most recent tax forms available. As the organization moves forward, Fine appears confident it will have an ally in the Trump administration. The ICBA and hundreds of its members met with President Trump and other top officials last month, and Fine called it “the most open, free-flowing White House meeting I’ve ever attended.” Rainey, the incoming ICBA chief executive, was at the meeting that also included Vice President Pence, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. Afterward, Rainey told reporters that the president was “receptive to our thoughts and ideas about regulatory reform.” Trump promised to ensure that banking regulations going forward would be personalized to take smaller banks into consideration. “Current one-size-fits-all banking regulations have badly hurt America’s community banks,” the White House said in a release. Which is what Fine has been saying all along. This story was updated at 3:18 p.m.   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Spicer leaves White House briefing... White House press secretary Sean Spicer stunned reporters on Tuesday by... 167 Shares 2 Trump set to sign religious... President Trump has reportedly invited conservative leaders to visit the... 152 Shares 3 GOP bill hung up on pre-existing... The bill is losing support over a provision inserted to win over the House... 148 Shares 4 Trump: US ‘needs a good shutdown’ President Trump on Tuesday called for a "good shutdown" in September to... 148 Shares 5 Trump raises stakes for next... Less than 48 hours after Congress reached a bipartisan deal on 2017... 145 Shares 6 Lawmakers warn airlines: Shape up... “If changes aren’t made by the next hearing, I can assure you, you won’t... 122 Shares 7 Conway rips Clinton's election... Kellyanne Conway, a top counselor to President Trump, tore into Hillary... 105 Shares 8 Trump: 'Why was there the Civil... President Trump during an interview that airs Monday questioned why the... 102 Shares 9 Howard Stern: 'Nobody wanted... Howard Stern says President Trump is “being very honest” when he says he... 86 Shares 10 Colbert unleashes insults '... Late-night host Stephen Colbert on Monday unleashed a wave of insults at... 82 Shares 11 Schumer turns GOP tactics on Trump Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) capped off his first 100 days as Senate... 66 Shares 12 Dem: Trump crying shutdown because... President Trump’s statement that a “good shutdown” might be necessary for... 66 Shares 13 CNN: Trump ending Michelle Obama's... President Trump plans to end ‘Let Girls Learn,’ former first lady Michelle... 61 Shares 14 Trump drops the mother of all... OPINION | Denying libraries the funding to offer services in rural... 55 Shares 15 The Hill's Whip List: 22 GOP no... House Republicans have an updated bill to repeal and replace ObamaCare,... 54 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nord Anglia Education Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nord Anglia Education Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Steris PLC (STE) Stake Cut by First Quadrant L P CA Osamu R. Watanabe Sells 4,225 Shares of Moelis & Co (MC) Stock Alexandria Capital LLC Has $1.236 Million Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Buys 18,672 Shares of Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) First Quadrant L P CA Acquires Shares of 34,157 KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Position Increased by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC 1,672 Shares in Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Acquired by Mycio Wealth Partners LLC David L. Hatcher Sells 3,000 Shares of KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Stock NBT Bank N A NY Cuts Position in Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Gap Inc (GPS) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Stake Boosted by Progressive Investment Management Corp Antero Resources Corp (AR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Kimball Electronics Inc (KE) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.07 EPS First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Reduces Stake in Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) Sit Investment Associates Inc. Has $259,000 Position in Commercial Metals Company (CMC) K Bro Linen Inc to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.33 Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts (KBL) Sit Investment Associates Inc. Increases Stake in JD.Com Inc (JD) Astec Industries, Inc. (aste) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.10 RGC Resources Inc. (RGCO) Posts Earnings Results Prudential Financial’s (PRU) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Nord Anglia Education Inc (NORD) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Nord Anglia Education Inc (NYSE:NORD) from an overweight rating to a neutral rating in a research note released on Wednesday morning. They currently have $32.50 price objective on the stock. A number of other equities analysts also recently weighed in on the company. Credit Suisse Group AG downgraded Nord Anglia Education from an outperform rating to a neutral rating and set a $32.50 target price on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. William Blair downgraded Nord Anglia Education from an outperform rating to a market perform rating in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. TheStreet upgraded Nord Anglia Education from a d rating to a c rating in a report on Monday, March 27th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Nord Anglia Education from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, Citigroup Inc began coverage on Nord Anglia Education in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. They issued a buy rating and a $29.00 target price on the stock. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $29.57. Shares of Nord Anglia Education (NYSE:NORD) opened at 32.08 on Wednesday. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.26 billion, a P/E ratio of 64.94 and a beta of 0.93. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $26.93 and its 200-day moving average is $23.94. Nord Anglia Education has a one year low of $19.83 and a one year high of $32.99. Nord Anglia Education (NYSE:NORD) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The company reported $0.27 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.27. The company had revenue of $259.50 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $262.11 million. Nord Anglia Education had a return on equity of 22.83% and a net margin of 6.57%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 6.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.27 EPS. On average, equities research analysts expect that Nord Anglia Education will post $0.67 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Nord Anglia Education Inc (NORD) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/nord-anglia-education-inc-nord-downgraded-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in NORD. Triple Frond Partners LLC increased its position in Nord Anglia Education by 108.5% in the fourth quarter. Triple Frond Partners LLC now owns 1,402,441 shares of the company’s stock worth $32,677,000 after buying an additional 729,813 shares in the last quarter. 12 West Capital Management LP purchased a new position in Nord Anglia Education during the fourth quarter worth approximately $10,737,000. Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd purchased a new position in Nord Anglia Education during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,109,000. TimesSquare Capital Management LLC increased its position in Nord Anglia Education by 2.1% in the third quarter. TimesSquare Capital Management LLC now owns 1,863,191 shares of the company’s stock worth $40,580,000 after buying an additional 38,600 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Stockbridge Partners LLC increased its position in Nord Anglia Education by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. Stockbridge Partners LLC now owns 5,021,815 shares of the company’s stock worth $117,008,000 after buying an additional 35,196 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 31.40% of the company’s stock. About Nord Anglia Education Nord Anglia Education, Inc is an operator of international schools. As of August 31, 2016, the Company taught over 37,000 students, from kindergarten through the end of secondary school (K-12), at its 43 schools in China, Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia and North America. The Company’s segments include China, Europe, Middle East (ME), Southeast Asia (SEA), North America and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Nord Anglia Education Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nord Anglia Education Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BHP Billiton plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BHP Billiton plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Piper Jaffray Companies Silicon Laboratories (SLAB) PT Raised to $85.00 at DA Davidson Cantor Fitzgerald Boosts Shutterfly, Inc. (SFLY) Price Target to $57.00 Symantec Co. (SYMC) Shares Bought by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC E I Du Pont De Nemours And’s (DD) “Sector Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Insider Selling: bluebird bio Inc (BLUE) Director Sells $173,500.00 in Stock Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Steris PLC (STE) Stake Cut by First Quadrant L P CA Osamu R. Watanabe Sells 4,225 Shares of Moelis & Co (MC) Stock Alexandria Capital LLC Has $1.236 Million Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Buys 18,672 Shares of Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) First Quadrant L P CA Acquires Shares of 34,157 KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Position Increased by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC 1,672 Shares in Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Acquired by Mycio Wealth Partners LLC David L. Hatcher Sells 3,000 Shares of KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Stock NBT Bank N A NY Cuts Position in Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Gap Inc (GPS) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Stake Boosted by Progressive Investment Management Corp Antero Resources Corp (AR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages BHP Billiton plc’s (BLT) “Underweight” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated their underweight rating on shares of BHP Billiton plc (LON:BLT) in a report published on Thursday. The brokerage currently has a GBX 1,265 ($16.33) price target on the mining company’s stock. Several other brokerages have also issued reports on BLT. Macquarie reaffirmed an outperform rating and set a GBX 1,670 ($21.56) price objective on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a GBX 1,550 ($20.01) price objective on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a report on Friday, February 17th. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a sector performer rating and set a GBX 1,625 ($20.98) price objective on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Jefferies Group LLC raised their price objective on BHP Billiton plc from GBX 1,750 ($22.60) to GBX 1,800 ($23.24) and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a GBX 1,380 ($17.82) price objective on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. BHP Billiton plc presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 1,287.95 ($16.63). BHP Billiton plc (LON:BLT) opened at 1167.50 on Thursday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 62.13 billion. BHP Billiton plc has a 12-month low of GBX 786.40 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,518.50. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 1,251.97 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 1,309.73. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “BHP Billiton plc’s (BLT) “Underweight” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/bhp-billiton-plcs-blt-underweight-rating-reiterated-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. BHP Billiton plc Company Profile BHP Billiton Plc is a global resources company. The Company is a producer of various commodities, including iron ore, metallurgical coal, copper and uranium. Its segments include Petroleum, Copper, Iron Ore and Coal. The Petroleum segment is engaged in the exploration, development and production of oil and gas. Receive News & Ratings for BHP Billiton plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BHP Billiton plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RPC Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RPC Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News NBT Bank N A NY Cuts Position in Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Gap Inc (GPS) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Stake Boosted by Progressive Investment Management Corp Antero Resources Corp (AR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Kimball Electronics Inc (KE) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.07 EPS First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Reduces Stake in Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) Sit Investment Associates Inc. Has $259,000 Position in Commercial Metals Company (CMC) K Bro Linen Inc to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.33 Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts (KBL) Sit Investment Associates Inc. Increases Stake in JD.Com Inc (JD) Astec Industries, Inc. (aste) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.10 RGC Resources Inc. (RGCO) Posts Earnings Results Prudential Financial’s (PRU) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. (pkoh) Declares $0.13 Quarterly Dividend Koninklijke Philips NV (PHG) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Sit Investment Associates Inc. Has $340,000 Stake in Monsanto Company (MON) Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Earns “Hold” Rating from BMO Capital Markets BMO Capital Markets Boosts ServiceNow Inc (NOW) Price Target to $110.00 OGE Energy Corp. (OGE) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research PepsiCo’s (PEP) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Bank of Montreal Can Sells 16,109 Shares of RPC, Inc. (RES) May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bank of Montreal Can decreased its stake in RPC, Inc. (NYSE:RES) by 4.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 355,129 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock after selling 16,109 shares during the period. Bank of Montreal Can’s holdings in RPC were worth $6,504,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in RES. Chicago Equity Partners LLC raised its stake in RPC by 206.9% in the third quarter. Chicago Equity Partners LLC now owns 79,950 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $1,343,000 after buying an additional 53,900 shares in the last quarter. Peregrine Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in RPC during the third quarter valued at $11,117,000. Icon Advisers Inc. Co. bought a new stake in RPC during the third quarter valued at $7,846,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in RPC by 11,287.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 268,739 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $4,515,000 after buying an additional 266,379 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Blue Rock Advisors LLC bought a new stake in RPC during the third quarter valued at $740,000. 37.31% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of RPC, Inc. (NYSE:RES) opened at 18.31 on Tuesday. RPC, Inc. has a 12 month low of $13.12 and a 12 month high of $23.36. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $18.29 and a 200 day moving average price of $19.44. The firm’s market cap is $3.99 billion. RPC (NYSE:RES) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The oil and gas company reported $0.01 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of ($0.03) by $0.04. The business had revenue of $298.12 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $273.35 million. RPC had a negative return on equity of 16.10% and a negative net margin of 19.38%. RPC’s revenue was up 57.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned ($0.15) EPS. On average, equities research analysts expect that RPC, Inc. will post $0.37 EPS for the current year. WARNING: “Bank of Montreal Can Sells 16,109 Shares of RPC, Inc. (RES)” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/bank-of-montreal-can-sells-16109-shares-of-rpc-inc-res.html. Several equities research analysts have recently weighed in on RES shares. Zacks Investment Research raised RPC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $22.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. FBR & Co raised their price objective on RPC from $20.00 to $24.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Instinet raised RPC from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $26.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Nomura raised RPC from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their price objective for the stock from $18.00 to $26.00 in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. started coverage on RPC in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. They set a “buy” rating and a $25.00 price objective for the company. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $23.00. About RPC RPC, Inc (RPC) is a holding company for several oilfield services companies. The Company provides a range of specialized oilfield services and equipment primarily to independent oil and gas companies engaged in the exploration, production and development of oil and gas properties throughout the United States, including the southwest, mid-continent, Gulf of Mexico, Rocky Mountain and Appalachian regions, and in selected international markets. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RES? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for RPC, Inc. (NYSE:RES). Receive News & Ratings for RPC Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RPC Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 54 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER MAY 3, 2017 MAY 3, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAY 3, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 54 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login AllianceBernstein ousts directors in shake-up By CHARLES STEIN AND KATHERINE CHIGLINSKY Bloomberg News First Published May 02 2017 01:05AM    •    Last Updated May 02 2017 01:05 am Share This Article AllianceBernstein Holding, the money manager that oversees about $498 billion, ousted Chief Executive Officer Peter Kraus and more than half of the board in a shake-up. JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s Seth Bernstein will take over as CEO and Robert Zoellick, a former World Bank president and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. executive, as chairman, the company said Monday in a statement. Kraus had held both positions and stands to get at least $99.3 million as part of an exit agreement. Pressed by analysts to explain the sudden management revamp, Denis Duverne, chairman of AXA SA, the French insurer that's the parent of AllianceBernstein, provided few details. "We decided it was time to put new leadership in place," he said on a conference call. "We are not here to challenge what has been done in the past. We are here to discuss the future." VIDEOS TOP JOBS Kraus became CEO in December 2008 and in his first few years watched as investors pulled billions from the money manager. Assets at the firm peaked at more than $800 billion in 2007. Kraus, 64, eventually stopped the bleeding and stabilized assets. But most of AllianceBernstein's business is active management at a time when investors are fleeing stock picking for firms offering passive, index-based funds. "You have to wonder if there was a specific problem or if they just thought he was the wrong guy for a changing industry," said Lawrence Glazer, managing partner at Mayflower Advisors in Boston where he helps oversee $2.5 billion. AllianceBernstein has agreed to purchase 4.34 million stock units beneficially owned by Kraus at a price of $22.90 per unit, according to a regulatory filing. The first sale will occur on Sept. 1 and include units he owned as of April 28. The transaction doesn't include restricted units, which will be paid in the future. Kraus wasn't immediately available for comment and AllianceBernstein officials didn't return a call. Bernstein, 55, spent more than three decades at JPMorgan, most recently as managing director and global head of managed solutions and strategy at the bank's asset-management arm, according to the statement. He isn't related to Sanford Bernstein, the founder of a predecessor to AllianceBernstein, a company spokesman said by email. AllianceBernstein added three new independent directors. Joining are Barbara Fallon-Walsh, previously an executive at Vanguard Group; Daniel Kaye, who retired from Ernst & Young; and Ramon de Oliveira, a former JPMorgan executive. The panel will also include Duverne, Anders Malmstrom and Mark Pearson, all from Axa. "We note that all of the board members announced have strong ties with AXA Financial, which we believe suggests AXA might be trying to exert more influence on AB," a team of analysts at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods wrote Monday in a research note. AXA owned a 63.8 percent economic interest in AllianceBernstein as of March 31. AllianceBernstein fell as much as 3.9 percent in New York trading on Monday. Including reinvested dividends, the stock has lost 2.1 percent this year through April 28. Over past five years, it has gained 138 percent on that basis compared with 86 percent for the S&P index of asset managers and custody banks. The vast majority of AllianceBernstein's assets are actively managed. Kraus, in an interview with Bloomberg Television's Erik Schatzker last June, said active investment managers need to shrink assets by as much as a third if they want to beat industry benchmarks. "It is pretty clear that active managers have not performed above their benchmarks to any great degree," he said. In the first quarter of 2017, the firm attracted $1.6 billion in new cash, AllianceBernstein said in its earnings release Monday. "In an industry that is confronting significant shifts, we need to continue transforming the business to improve the quality of our investment solutions while delivering our services more effectively," Duverne said Monday. "We are confident that with Bob and Seth we have the right leadership team in place."   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Utah Jazz: Warriors win in Game 1 blowout, 106-94 Kragthorpe: Jazz find out quickly that Warriors are a cut above the Clippers National monuments harm the economy, Utah public lands official tells Congress Pierce: ESPN cutbacks are not good news for BYU BYU research: Faithful more likely to label themselves as porn 'addicts' ELEVATE An Insider’s Guide to Lava Hot Springs   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FirstService Corp (FSV) Price Target Increased to C$85.00 by Analysts at Scotiabank First National Financial Corp (FN) Price Target Cut to C$26.00 by Analysts at TD Securities Macdonald Dettwiler & Associates Ltd (MDA) Price Target Lowered to C$83.00 at TD Securities Royal Bank of Canada Trims Methanex Co. (MX) Target Price to C$73.50 Lumenpulse Inc (LMP) Cut to “Sector Perform” at Royal Bank of Canada Huntington Bancshares (HBAN) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transocean LTD (RIG) Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €14.30 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Admiral Group plc’s (ADM) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt FinnCap Reiterates Buy Rating for Shanta Gold Limited (SHG) Peel Hunt Cuts Galliford Try plc (GFRD) Price Target to GBX 1,620 Allied Minds PLC (ALM) Given New GBX 176 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC Barrett Business Services, Inc. (BBSI) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Blucora Inc (BCOR) to Release Earnings on Thursday Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Thursday FinnCap Reaffirms Corporate Rating for Synairgen plc (SNG) Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stockdale Securities Forward View Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for West Marine, Inc. (WMAR) B&M European Value Retail SA (BME) Price Target Increased to GBX 360 by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG The Mission Marketing Group plc (TMMG) PT Raised to GBX 69 Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (LON:RB)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reiterated by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. Several other equities research analysts have also issued reports on RB. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 7,130 ($92.06) target price on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, January 6th. Berenberg Bank reduced their target price on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc from GBX 7,800 ($100.71) to GBX 7,300 ($94.25) and set a “hold” rating for the company in a report on Monday, January 9th. Societe Generale set a GBX 8,600 ($111.04) target price on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 7,750 ($100.06) target price on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc in a report on Monday, January 16th. Finally, Liberum Capital reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 7,650 ($98.77) target price on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of GBX 7,927.73 ($102.36). Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (LON:RB) opened at 7115.142090 on Tuesday. The stock’s market cap is GBX 49.81 billion. Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc has a 52 week low of GBX 6,496.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 7,786.00. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 7,324.89 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 7,055.17. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 13th will be issued a dividend of GBX 95 ($1.23) per share. This represents a yield of 1.31%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 13th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/01/reckitt-benckiser-group-plc-rb-receives-neutral-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc Reckitt Benckiser Group plc is a manufacturer and marketer of health, hygiene and home products. The Company’s segments include ENA, DvM and Food. The ENA segment consists of Europe, Russia/Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), Israel, North America, Australia and New Zealand. The DvM segment consists of North Africa, Middle East (excluding Israel) and Turkey, Africa, South Asia, North Asia, Latin America, Japan, Korea and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). Receive News & Ratings for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search JPMorgan's Dimon Calls For a More Business-Friendly Economy ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More JPMorgan's Dimon Calls For a More Business-Friendly Economy Published May 02, 2017 Business Leaders Reuters Facebook Twitter Print (Reuters) Jamie Dimon, the chief executive officer and chairman of JPMorgan Chase & Co, on Monday railed against what he called excessive U.S. regulations and called on Washington to come together to build a more business-friendly economy that supports workers. Continue Reading Below "The real issue I'm worried about is bad public policy," Dimon said, speaking at the annual Milken Institute Global Conference. "We're leaving a lot of people behind." As a member of the White House's new Strategic and Policy Forum, Dimon is part of the group of business leaders tasked with finding a way to create more jobs in the United States. Dimon joined the task force despite not supporting President Donald Trump in his campaign - a move he attributed to the need to support "the pilot" flying the airplane. Dimon stressed that technology advancements are not the enemy of job creation. "You'd be living in tents, hunting buffalo, and dying at 35," were it not for developments in tech, he said. "Mankind will adjust and find other things to do as robots take their place. If it (technological developments) goes too fast, then we can create policies that make up for it." Dimon, who has led the bank as CEO since December 2005, shrugged off any aspirations for running for office, when asked on stage. He said it was too late for him to live as a civil servant and that he does not want to be a mayor, a senator or governor. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT "You've got to start early. President Obama wrote two books about himself before he did anything," Dimon said - a line that prompted laughter and applause from the hundreds of business leaders, financiers and government officials packed into the Beverly Hills Hilton ballroom. Dimon said the government needs to spend more money on programs that provide education and work opportunities for people, particularly those in poor, economically depressed urban neighborhoods. "I think there are legitimate complaints about what we didn't do to help the problems of these folks," Dimon said. "It's a terrible thing - those inner city kids who may be a Colin Powell, a Barack Obama, Albert Einstein, and we'll never know because we didn't give them the opportunity that most of us had."   (Reporting by Michael Flaherty; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Lisa Shumaker) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Taylor Morrison Home Corporation Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Class A Common Stock Proceeds to be Used to Purchase Interests from Equity Sponsors. News provided by Taylor Morrison 01 May, 2017, 22:30 ET Share this article SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Taylor Morrison Home Corporation ("Taylor Morrison") (NYSE: TMHC), today announced the pricing of the previously announced underwritten public offering of 10,000,000 shares of its Class A common stock.  Taylor Morrison intends to use all of the net proceeds that it receives from the offering to purchase partnership units in its direct subsidiary - TMM Holdings II Limited Partnership - along with shares of Taylor Morrison's Class B common stock, held by its current equity sponsors that are affiliates of and funds managed by TPG Global, LLC and Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.  The aggregate number of partnership units and corresponding shares of Class B common stock purchased by Taylor Morrison will be equal to the number of shares of Class A common stock sold in the offering. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Citigroup are acting as joint book-running managers and underwriters for the proposed public offering, and may offer the shares of Class A common stock purchased by them from Taylor Morrison from time to time in one or more transactions on the NYSE, in the over-the-counter market or through negotiated transactions at market prices or negotiated prices.  An effective shelf registration statement relating to such shares of Class A common stock has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").  A copy of the preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the offering has been filed with the SEC and may be obtained from the website of the SEC at www.sec.gov, or from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (800) 831-9146. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. The offering may only be made by means of a prospectus supplement and related prospectus. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on those statements because they are subject to numerous uncertainties and factors relating to the public offering described above, Taylor Morrison's operations and business environment, market conditions and other factors, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond Taylor Morrison's control. About Taylor Morrison Home Corporation: Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (NYSE: TMHC) is a leading national homebuilder and developer that has been recognized as the 2016 and 2017 America's Most Trusted® Home Builder by Lifestory Research. Based in Scottsdale, Arizona we operate under two well-established brands, Taylor Morrison and Darling Homes. We serve a wide array of consumer groups from coast to coast, including first-time, move-up, luxury, and 55 plus buyers. In Texas, Darling Homes builds communities with a focus on individuality and custom detail while delivering on the Taylor Morrison standard of excellence. Contact: Investor Relations Contact: Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (480) 734-2060 investor@taylormorrison.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/taylor-morrison-home-corporation-announces-pricing-of-public-offering-of-class-a-common-stock-300449225.html SOURCE Taylor Morrison Related Links http://www.taylormorrison.com/ContactUs 01 May, 2017, 16:41 ET Preview: Taylor Morrison Home Corporation Announces Public Offering of Class A Common Stock My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 27 Apr, 2017, 06:55 ET Taylor Morrison Home Corporation Announces Public Offering of... 27 Apr, 2017, 06:55 ET Taylor Morrison Reports First Quarter Sales Orders of 2,425, an... Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services Real Estate Residential Real Estate Stock Offering You just read: Taylor Morrison Home Corporation Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Class A Common Stock News provided by Taylor Morrison 01 May, 2017, 22:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Taylor Morrison Home Corporation Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Class A Common Stock SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Taylor Morrison Home Corporation („Taylor Morrison”) (NYSE: TMHC), today announced the pricing of the previously announced underwritten public offering of 10,000,000 shares of its Class A common stock.  Taylor Morrison intends to use all of the net proceeds that it receives from the offering to purchase partnership units in its direct subsidiary – TMM Holdings II Limited Partnership – along with shares of Taylor Morrison’s Class B common stock, held by its current equity sponsors that are affiliates of and funds managed by TPG Global, LLC and Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.  The aggregate number of partnership units and corresponding shares of Class B common stock purchased by Taylor Morrison will be equal to the number of shares of Class A common stock sold in the offering. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Citigroup are acting as joint book-running managers and underwriters for the proposed public offering, and may offer the shares of Class A common stock purchased by them from Taylor Morrison from time to time in one or more transactions on the NYSE, in the over-the-counter market or through negotiated transactions at market prices or negotiated prices.  An effective shelf registration statement relating to such shares of Class A common stock has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission („SEC”).  A copy of the preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the offering has been filed with the SEC and may be obtained from the website of the SEC at www.sec.gov, or from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (800) 831-9146. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. The offering may only be made by means of a prospectus supplement and related prospectus. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on those statements because they are subject to numerous uncertainties and factors relating to the public offering described above, Taylor Morrison’s operations and business environment, market conditions and other factors, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond Taylor Morrison’s control. About Taylor Morrison Home Corporation: Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (NYSE: TMHC) is a leading national homebuilder and developer that has been recognized as the 2016 and 2017 America’s Most Trusted® Home Builder by Lifestory Research. Based in Scottsdale, Arizona we operate under two well-established brands, Taylor Morrison and Darling Homes. We serve a wide array of consumer groups from coast to coast, including first-time, move-up, luxury, and 55 plus buyers. In Texas, Darling Homes builds communities with a focus on individuality and custom detail while delivering on the Taylor Morrison standard of excellence. Contact: Investor Relations Contact: Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (480) 734-2060 investor@taylormorrison.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/taylor-morrison-home-corporation-announces-pricing-of-public-offering-of-class-a-common-stock-300449225.html SOURCE Taylor Morrison Related Links http://www.taylormorrison.com/ContactUs CategoriesUncategorized TagsStock Offering Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 4 Tips After A Car Accident – Explained By Philadelphia Car Accident Lawyer Next PostNext Record New Vehicle Registrations in April Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Taylor Morrison Home Corporation Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Class A Common Stock SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Taylor Morrison Home Corporation („Taylor Morrison”) (NYSE: TMHC), today announced the pricing of the previously announced underwritten public offering of 10,000,000 shares of its Class A common stock.  Taylor Morrison intends to use all of the net proceeds that it receives from the offering to purchase partnership units in its direct subsidiary – TMM Holdings II Limited Partnership – along with shares of Taylor Morrison’s Class B common stock, held by its current equity sponsors that are affiliates of and funds managed by TPG Global, LLC and Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.  The aggregate number of partnership units and corresponding shares of Class B common stock purchased by Taylor Morrison will be equal to the number of shares of Class A common stock sold in the offering. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Citigroup are acting as joint book-running managers and underwriters for the proposed public offering, and may offer the shares of Class A common stock purchased by them from Taylor Morrison from time to time in one or more transactions on the NYSE, in the over-the-counter market or through negotiated transactions at market prices or negotiated prices.  An effective shelf registration statement relating to such shares of Class A common stock has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission („SEC”).  A copy of the preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the offering has been filed with the SEC and may be obtained from the website of the SEC at www.sec.gov, or from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (800) 831-9146. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. The offering may only be made by means of a prospectus supplement and related prospectus. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on those statements because they are subject to numerous uncertainties and factors relating to the public offering described above, Taylor Morrison’s operations and business environment, market conditions and other factors, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond Taylor Morrison’s control. About Taylor Morrison Home Corporation: Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (NYSE: TMHC) is a leading national homebuilder and developer that has been recognized as the 2016 and 2017 America’s Most Trusted® Home Builder by Lifestory Research. Based in Scottsdale, Arizona we operate under two well-established brands, Taylor Morrison and Darling Homes. We serve a wide array of consumer groups from coast to coast, including first-time, move-up, luxury, and 55 plus buyers. In Texas, Darling Homes builds communities with a focus on individuality and custom detail while delivering on the Taylor Morrison standard of excellence. Contact: Investor Relations Contact: Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (480) 734-2060 investor@taylormorrison.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/taylor-morrison-home-corporation-announces-pricing-of-public-offering-of-class-a-common-stock-300449225.html SOURCE Taylor Morrison Related Links http://www.taylormorrison.com/ContactUs CategoriesUncategorized TagsStock Offering Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 4 Tips After A Car Accident – Explained By Philadelphia Car Accident Lawyer Next PostNext Record New Vehicle Registrations in April Search Recent Posts Carleton, Inc. Completes Successful SOC 2 Audit Pink Elephant, a New Fashion-Focused Girls Organic Clothing Brand, Launches Fast-growing Firm Keystone Law, Leverages ndSync™ to Complement Progressive Technology Strategy AlphaSense Recognized Among Companies Leading the AI Revolution Julie Quaid Elected to the Board of Trustees for Collaborative Divorce Texas RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cellcom Israel Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cellcom Israel Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $0.57 Earnings Per Share Expected for Kroger Co (KR) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Expect Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.30 Per Share $0.11 EPS Expected for Bottomline Technologies (EPAY) This Quarter Piper Jaffray Companies Analysts Give Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN) a $30.00 Price Target athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Earns “Buy” Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Beadell Resources (BDREF) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Rating Reiterated by Benchmark Co. Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.06 EPS National Retail Properties, Inc. (NNN) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Ignyta Inc (RXDX) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.27 EPS Blue Capital Reinsurance Holdings Ltd (BCRH) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.06 EPS World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. (WWE) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Synthetic Biologics (SYN) Earns Daily News Impact Score of -0.29 Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires 110,381 Shares of Whirlpool Co. (WHR) Synthetic Biologics (SYN) Earning Negative Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Corinthian Colleges (COCO) Receiving Critical Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Nantkwest (NK) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of -0.22 Negative News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Share Price Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Comstock Resources (CRK) Share Price State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Acquires 225,000 Shares of Ciena Co. (CIEN) Zacks: Cellcom Israel Ltd. (CEL) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts May 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet Shares of Cellcom Israel Ltd. (NYSE:CEL) have been given a consensus broker rating score of 1.00 (Strong Buy) from the one analysts that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. One research analyst has rated the stock with a strong buy rating. Zacks has also given Cellcom Israel an industry rank of 18 out of 265 based on the ratings given to related companies. Separately, Barclays PLC downgraded shares of Cellcom Israel to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Cellcom Israel by 5.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 713,926 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $5,347,000 after buying an additional 34,873 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Cellcom Israel during the fourth quarter worth $15,801,000. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its stake in Cellcom Israel by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 3,693,300 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $29,288,000 after buying an additional 19,546 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 6.27% of the company’s stock. Shares of Cellcom Israel (NYSE:CEL) traded down 0.20% during trading on Friday, reaching $9.87. The company had a trading volume of 3,662 shares. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $10.18 and a 200 day moving average price of $9.25. Cellcom Israel has a 12 month low of $5.70 and a 12 month high of $11.19. The company has a market cap of $1.15 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.67 and a beta of 2.21. Cellcom Israel (NYSE:CEL) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, March 15th. The technology company reported $0.03 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.20 by $0.17. The company had revenue of $256 million for the quarter. Cellcom Israel had a return on equity of 12.40% and a net margin of 3.83%. Analysts predict that Cellcom Israel will post $0.44 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/01/zacks-cellcom-israel-ltd-cel-given-average-rating-of-strong-buy-by-analysts.html. Cellcom Israel Company Profile Cellcom Israel Ltd. is engaged in the provision of cellular telephone services. The Company offers fixed-line services. The Company operates in two segments: Cellular and Fixed-line. The cellular segment includes the cellular communications services, end user cellular equipment and supplemental services. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Cellcom Israel (CEL) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Cellcom Israel Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cellcom Israel Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Taylor Morrison Home Corporation Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Class A Common Stock Proceeds to be Used to Purchase Interests from Equity Sponsors. SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Taylor Morrison Home Corporation ("Taylor Morrison") (NYSE:TMHC), today announced the pricing of the previously announced underwritten public offering of 10,000,000 shares of its Class A common stock.  Taylor Morrison intends to use all of the net proceeds that it receives from the offering to purchase partnership units in its direct subsidiary - TMM Holdings II Limited Partnership - along with shares of Taylor Morrison's Class B common stock, held by its current equity sponsors that are affiliates of and funds managed by TPG Global, LLC and Oaktree Capital Management, L.P.  The aggregate number of partnership units and corresponding shares of Class B common stock purchased by Taylor Morrison will be equal to the number of shares of Class A common stock sold in the offering. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Citigroup are acting as joint book-running managers and underwriters for the proposed public offering, and may offer the shares of Class A common stock purchased by them from Taylor Morrison from time to time in one or more transactions on the NYSE, in the over-the-counter market or through negotiated transactions at market prices or negotiated prices.  An effective shelf registration statement relating to such shares of Class A common stock has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").  A copy of the preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the offering has been filed with the SEC and may be obtained from the website of the SEC at www.sec.gov, or from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (800) 831-9146. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. The offering may only be made by means of a prospectus supplement and related prospectus. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on those statements because they are subject to numerous uncertainties and factors relating to the public offering described above, Taylor Morrison's operations and business environment, market conditions and other factors, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond Taylor Morrison's control. About Taylor Morrison Home Corporation: Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (NYSE:TMHC) is a leading national homebuilder and developer that has been recognized as the 2016 and 2017 America's Most Trusted® Home Builder by Lifestory Research. Based in Scottsdale, Arizona we operate under two well-established brands, Taylor Morrison and Darling Homes. We serve a wide array of consumer groups from coast to coast, including first-time, move-up, luxury, and 55 plus buyers. In Texas, Darling Homes builds communities with a focus on individuality and custom detail while delivering on the Taylor Morrison standard of excellence. Contact: Investor Relations Contact: Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (480) 734-2060 investor@taylormorrison.com   SOURCE Taylor Morrison CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Offerings, Real Estate, Residential Real Estate Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ayubowan Capital Enters Into Two Mineral Exploration and Option Agreements to Acquire Silver Rich – Zinc Lead Copper Carbonate Replacement Concessions in Mexico Next PostNext Karlie Kloss and Zendaya Sparkle in Forevermark Diamonds at the 2017 Met Gala Search Recent Posts Carleton, Inc. Completes Successful SOC 2 Audit Pink Elephant, a New Fashion-Focused Girls Organic Clothing Brand, Launches Fast-growing Firm Keystone Law, Leverages ndSync™ to Complement Progressive Technology Strategy AlphaSense Recognized Among Companies Leading the AI Revolution Julie Quaid Elected to the Board of Trustees for Collaborative Divorce Texas RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance PolyOne Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for PolyOne Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Delta Asset Management LLC TN Raises Stake in Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Fortune Brands Home & Security Inc (FBHS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC First Mercantile Trust Co. Continues to Hold Stake in Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) First Mercantile Trust Co. Increases Stake in Shake Shack Inc (SHAK) Northwest Bancshares, Inc. (NWBI) Stake Reduced by First Mercantile Trust Co. First Mercantile Trust Co. Reduces Stake in American Tower Corp (AMT) Facebook Inc (FB) Rating Reiterated by Cantor Fitzgerald First Mercantile Trust Co. Buys 9,758 Shares of Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) Wolfe Research Upgrades Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) to Market Perform $165.67 Million in Sales Expected for Tallgrass Energy GP LP (TEGP) This Quarter -$0.16 EPS Expected for On Deck Capital Inc (ONDK) This Quarter Brightcove Inc (BCOV) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Broadway Financial Corp (BYFC) Announces Earnings Results China Commercial Credit (CCCR) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Analysis Shows Care Capital Properties (CCP) Earns News Impact Score of 0.38 Calamos Convertible & Hi Income Fund (CHY) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.56 CSI Compressco (CCLP) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of -0.04 Calamos Conv. Opptys. & Income Fund (CHI) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds BlackRock Global Opportunities Equity Tr (BOE) Getting Very Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Cytosorbents Corp (CTSO) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.44 Channing Capital Management LLC Increases Position in PolyOne Co. (POL) May 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Channing Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of PolyOne Co. (NYSE:POL) by 11.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 2,182,877 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock after buying an additional 225,911 shares during the period. PolyOne accounts for 2.7% of Channing Capital Management LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 3rd largest position. Channing Capital Management LLC owned 2.66% of PolyOne worth $74,414,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of POL. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in shares of PolyOne by 22.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 3,339,076 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $112,894,000 after buying an additional 612,686 shares during the period. Century Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of PolyOne by 34.4% in the fourth quarter. Century Capital Management LLC now owns 124,611 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $3,993,000 after buying an additional 31,900 shares during the period. Citadel Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of PolyOne by 173.8% in the third quarter. Citadel Advisors LLC now owns 349,889 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $11,830,000 after buying an additional 222,096 shares during the period. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans increased its stake in shares of PolyOne by 2.4% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 50,730 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $1,625,000 after buying an additional 1,210 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of PolyOne by 209.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 201,228 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $6,803,000 after buying an additional 136,221 shares during the period. 93.51% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. PolyOne Co. (NYSE:POL) traded down 1.25% during trading on Monday, hitting $38.72. The stock had a trading volume of 891,348 shares. The company has a market cap of $3.18 billion, a PE ratio of 18.81 and a beta of 1.60. PolyOne Co. has a 12 month low of $28.77 and a 12 month high of $40.88. The company’s 50 day moving average is $34.49 and its 200-day moving average is $33.15. PolyOne (NYSE:POL) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The specialty chemicals company reported $0.59 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.53 by $0.06. The company had revenue of $899 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $860.52 million. PolyOne had a return on equity of 24.77% and a net margin of 4.95%. PolyOne’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.56 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts predict that PolyOne Co. will post $2.30 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, April 6th. Shareholders of record on Monday, March 13th were given a dividend of $0.135 per share. The ex-dividend date was Friday, March 10th. This represents a $0.54 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.39%. This is an increase from PolyOne’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.13. PolyOne’s dividend payout ratio is currently 27.69%. WARNING: “Channing Capital Management LLC Increases Position in PolyOne Co. (POL)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/01/channing-capital-management-llc-increases-position-in-polyone-co-pol.html. POL has been the topic of a number of research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised PolyOne from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Jefferies Group LLC raised PolyOne to a “hold” rating and set a $38.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Robert W. Baird lifted their price objective on PolyOne from $34.00 to $37.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Finally, TheStreet raised PolyOne from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Monday, April 24th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. PolyOne has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $38.00. In other PolyOne news, SVP Lisa K. Kunkle sold 10,223 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $33.90, for a total transaction of $346,559.70. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 77,068 shares in the company, valued at $2,612,605.20. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, SVP Hulle John V. Van sold 45,898 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $34.59, for a total value of $1,587,611.82. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 1.62% of the company’s stock. About PolyOne PolyOne Corporation (PolyOne) provides specialized polymer materials, services and solutions. Its segments include Color, Additives and Inks; Specialty Engineered Materials; Designed Structures and Solutions; Performance Products and Solutions, and PolyOne Distribution. The Color, Additives and Inks segment provides custom color and additive concentrates in solid and liquid form for thermoplastics, dispersions for thermosets. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding POL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for PolyOne Co. (NYSE:POL). Receive News & Ratings for PolyOne Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PolyOne Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Healthcare Trust of America Announces Pricing of Upsized Public Offering of Common Stock News provided by Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. 02 May, 2017, 21:31 ET Share this article SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. (NYSE: HTA) announced today the pricing of its underwritten public offering of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares at a price to the public of $28.50 per share. The offering was upsized from an original offering size of 39,500,000 Class A Common Shares to a final offering size of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares. In connection with the offering, the underwriters have a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 7,125,000 Class A Common Shares. HTA will receive approximately $1.35 billion in gross proceeds, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.  HTA intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to fund a portion of the $2.75 billion purchase price for the acquisition of substantially all of the medical office building assets and medical development platform of Duke Realty Corporation and its affiliates (the "Duke Acquisition"), which was announced on May 1, 2017, and the $150 million purchase price for the acquisition of an additional portfolio consisting of 11 medical office buildings (the "Southwest Health System Acquisition" and, together with the Duke Acquisition, the "Acquisitions") or, if the Acquisitions do not occur, for general corporate purposes, which may include, without limitation, other potential future acquisitions, working capital and repayment of debt. The Duke Acquisition is expected to close in several tranches in the second and third quarter of 2017 and is subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions. The closing of the Southwest Health System Acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions. The closing of the equity offering is expected to occur on or about May 8, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.  Wells Fargo Securities, J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley, BMO Capital Markets, Jefferies and Raymond James are acting as the joint book-running managers for the offering. MUFG, Mizuho Securities, Stifel, Capital One Securities, Scotiabank, BTIG, Oppenheimer & Co. and Regions Securities LLC are acting as the co-managers for the offering. To obtain a copy of the prospectus supplement and related base prospectus for this offering, please contact: (i) Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, 375 Park Avenue, New York, New York, 10152, at (800) 326-5897 or email a request to cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com; (ii) J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or (iii) Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York, 10014. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This announcement shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The offering of these securities is being made solely by means of a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. About Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. is the largest dedicated owner and operator of medical office buildings in the United States, based on gross leasable area ("GLA"). We provide the real estate infrastructure for the integrated delivery of healthcare services in highly desirable locations. Over the last decade, we have invested $4.3 billion primarily in medical office buildings and other healthcare assets comprising 17.8 million square feet of GLA. Our investments are targeted in 15 to 20 key markets that we believe have superior healthcare demographics that support strong, long-term demand for medical office space. We have achieved, and continue to achieve, critical mass within these key markets by expanding our presence through accretive acquisitions, and utilizing our in-house operating expertise through our regionally located property management and leasing platform. Founded in 2006 and listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 2012, HTA has produced attractive returns for its stockholders that we believe have significantly outperformed the S&P 500 and US REIT indices. Forward-Looking Language This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of HTA, the Acquisitions as described in this press release and the financial performance and business of HTA after completion of the Acquisitions. These forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as "expects," "plans," "estimates," "anticipates," "projects," "intends," "believes," "outlook," and similar expressions that do not relate to historical matters, are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions which may not be realized and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted with accuracy and some of which might not even be anticipated, that could cause actual outcomes and results, financial and otherwise, to differ materially, including statements related to the closing of the Acquisitions. Risks and other factors related to HTA that might cause such differences include, among others, the following: we may abandon development or redevelopment opportunities for which we have already incurred costs; adverse capital market conditions may affect our access to various sources of capital and/or cost of capital, which may affect our business activities, earnings and common stock price, among other things; we may not be able to effectively deploy the net proceeds of offerings of securities; changes in economic conditions affecting the healthcare property sector, the commercial real estate market and the credit market may affect our performance and financial condition; competition for acquisition of medical office buildings and other facilities that serve the healthcare industry could increase; economic fluctuations in certain states in which our property investments are geographically concentrated could affect our results of operations; and we may not be able to retain our senior management team. Any forward-looking statements or forecasts relating to the business, prospects, operating statistics or financial results relating to the Acquisitions are based on assumptions and are inherently speculative, are subject to substantial uncertainty, and the actual operating statistics and financial results may differ materially from HTA's forecasts. Risks and other factors related to the Acquisitions that might cause such differences include, among other things, the following: we may not be able to consummate the Acquisitions on time or on the terms currently expected or at all; we may not be able to effectively integrate the assets acquired in the Acquisitions into our portfolio and/or we may fail to achieve expected efficiencies and synergies; our assumptions concerning the availability and/or terms of financing related to the Acquisitions may not be realized; we may encounter liabilities for which we are responsible that were unknown at the time we agreed to the Acquisitions; and our assumptions concerning risks relating to our lack of control of joint ventures may prove incorrect. In addition, HTA's forecasts are subject to a variety of additional factors and risks, including the risks set forth under "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in HTA's Form 10-K, and in HTA's other periodic and Form 8-K filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. HTA undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by applicable law. Financial Contact:      Robert Milligan Financial Officer   Healthcare Trust of America, Inc.     480.998.3478      RobertMilligan@htareit.com                                                         To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/healthcare-trust-of-america-announces-pricing-of-upsized-public-offering-of-common-stock-300450259.html SOURCE Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. Related Links http://www.htareit.com 01 May, 2017, 06:02 ET Preview: Healthcare Trust of America Announces Public Offering of 39,500,000 Shares of Common Stock My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 01 May, 2017, 06:01 ET Healthcare Trust of America Announces Public Offering of... 01 May, 2017, 06:01 ET Healthcare Trust of America to Acquire Duke Realty's Medical... Explore More news releases in similar topics Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Health Care & Hospitals Dividends You just read: Healthcare Trust of America Announces Pricing of Upsized Public Offering of Common Stock News provided by Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. 02 May, 2017, 21:31 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schneider Electric SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. (BBVA) Barclays PLC Analysts Give Total SA (FP) a €60.00 Price Target S&P Global Analysts Give Sanofi SA (SAN) a €90.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give STMicroelectronics NV (STM) a €14.75 Price Target Airbus SE (AIR) PT Set at €78.00 by Independent Research GmbH Morgan Stanley Analysts Give Renault SA (RNO) a €75.00 Price Target Nord/LB Reiterates €93.00 Price Target for Renault SA (RNO) Schneider Electric SE (SU) PT Set at €86.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms Buy Rating for Ciena Co. (CIEN) Nord Anglia Education Inc (NORD) Downgraded by BMO Capital Markets to Market Perform McDonald's Co.’s (MCD) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Valero Energy Partners LP (VLP) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Silicon Laboratories’ (SLAB) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity LPL Financial Holdings Inc (LPLA) Shares Gap Up After Dividend Announcement First Bank (FRBA) Short Interest Update National Bank Financial Comments on Pacific Exploration & Production Corp’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PEG) Brokers Set Expectations for Inter Parfums, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (IPAR) Westshore Terminals Investment Corp (WTE) Given New C$24.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada ALLETE Inc (ALE) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Acacia Research Corp (ACTG) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Schneider Electric SE (SU) PT Set at €86.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) has been assigned a €86.00 ($93.48) price target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Other analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Barclays PLC set a €65.00 ($70.65) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Schneider Electric SE in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €72.00 ($78.26) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €76.00 ($82.61) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €72.00 ($78.26) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of €71.16 ($77.34). Shares of Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) opened at 72.30 on Monday. Schneider Electric SE has a 1-year low of €49.50 and a 1-year high of €74.45. The company has a market cap of €40.12 billion and a P/E ratio of 23.40. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €68.84 and its 200 day moving average price is €65.80. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/schneider-electric-se-su-pt-set-at-86-00-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. About Schneider Electric SE Schneider Electric SE is a France-based company that specializes in electricity distribution, automation management and produces installation components for energy management. The Company has five divisions organized by business: Energy and Infrastructure, which includes medium and low voltage, installation systems and control, renewable energies and includes customer segments in Utilities, Marine, residential and oil & gas sector; Industry, which includes automation & control which includes water treatment and mining, minerals & metals industries; Buildings, which includes building automation and security, whose customers are hotels, hospitals, office and retail buildings; Data canters and networks, and Residential which is engaged in solutions for saving electricity bills by combining lighting and heating control features. Receive News & Ratings for Schneider Electric SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Renault SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Renault SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. (BBVA) Barclays PLC Analysts Give Total SA (FP) a €60.00 Price Target S&P Global Analysts Give Sanofi SA (SAN) a €90.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give STMicroelectronics NV (STM) a €14.75 Price Target Airbus SE (AIR) PT Set at €78.00 by Independent Research GmbH Morgan Stanley Analysts Give Renault SA (RNO) a €75.00 Price Target Nord/LB Reiterates €93.00 Price Target for Renault SA (RNO) Schneider Electric SE (SU) PT Set at €86.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms Buy Rating for Ciena Co. (CIEN) Nord Anglia Education Inc (NORD) Downgraded by BMO Capital Markets to Market Perform McDonald's Co.’s (MCD) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Valero Energy Partners LP (VLP) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Silicon Laboratories’ (SLAB) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity LPL Financial Holdings Inc (LPLA) Shares Gap Up After Dividend Announcement First Bank (FRBA) Short Interest Update National Bank Financial Comments on Pacific Exploration & Production Corp’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PEG) Brokers Set Expectations for Inter Parfums, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (IPAR) Westshore Terminals Investment Corp (WTE) Given New C$24.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada ALLETE Inc (ALE) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Acacia Research Corp (ACTG) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Nord/LB Reiterates €93.00 Price Target for Renault SA (RNO) May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Nord/LB set a €93.00 ($101.09) price objective on Renault SA (EPA:RNO) in a report issued on Friday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other equities analysts also recently commented on the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €100.00 ($108.70) target price on Renault SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €89.00 ($96.74) target price on Renault SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €115.00 ($125.00) target price on Renault SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. BNP Paribas set a €89.00 ($96.74) target price on Renault SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein set a €75.00 ($81.52) target price on Renault SA and gave the stock a sell rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of €91.35 ($99.30). Shares of Renault SA (EPA:RNO) opened at 84.74 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of €80.94 and a 200-day moving average price of €81.58. The company has a market capitalization of €24.67 billion and a P/E ratio of 6.80. Renault SA has a one year low of €63.64 and a one year high of €90.76. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Nord/LB Reiterates €93.00 Price Target for Renault SA (RNO)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/nordlb-reiterates-93-00-price-target-for-renault-sa-rno.html. Renault SA Company Profile Renault SA is a France based company primarily engaged in the manufacture of automobiles and the provision of related services. It is structured into two segments: the Automobile division, which handles the design, manufacture and marketing of passenger cars and light commercial vehicles, under Renault, Renault Samsung Motors and Dacia brands, and the Sales Financing division, which provides financial and commercial services related to the sales activities, and is comprised of RCI Banque and its subsidiaries. Receive News & Ratings for Renault SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Renault SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Randgold Resources Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Randgold Resources Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News First Trust Advisors LP Boosts Position in Cogent Communications Holdings Inc (CCOI) First Trust Advisors LP Purchases 11,068 Shares of IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) Sanchez Energy Corp (SN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. (AMTD) Stake Increased by First Trust Advisors LP First Trust Advisors LP Raises Stake in Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Prospect Capital Co. (PSEC) Position Reduced by Capital Investment Advisory Services LLC Capital Investment Advisory Services LLC Purchases New Stake in New York REIT Inc (NYRT) Montag A & Associates Inc. Holds Position in Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) General Electric Company (GE) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Randgold Resources Limited (RRS) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages ArcelorMittal SA (MT) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Kinross Gold Co. (KGC) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Eldorado Gold Corp (EGO) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.04 Annaly Capital Management (NLY) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.04 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Edwards Lifesciences Corp (EW) Stock Price Quad/Graphics (QUAD) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Magnachip Semiconductor Corp (MX) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.05 DDR Corp (DDR) Stake Maintained by WealthTrust Fairport LLC Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) Stake Maintained by WealthTrust Fairport LLC CT Mason Increases Position in ONE Gas Inc (OGS) Randgold Resources Limited (RRS) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Randgold Resources Limited (LON:RRS) have received an average rating of “Buy” from the fourteen ratings firms that are presently covering the stock. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, five have given a hold recommendation and eight have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12 month price target among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is GBX 7,412.46 ($95.71). Several analysts have weighed in on RRS shares. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 6,400 ($82.63) price target on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 7,400 ($95.55) price target on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 8,000 ($103.29) price target on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 8,000 ($103.29) price target on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 8,000 ($103.29) price target on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Randgold Resources Limited (LON:RRS) traded down 2.13% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting GBX 6660.00. The company had a trading volume of 632,226 shares. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 6.26 billion. Randgold Resources Limited has a 52 week low of GBX 5,410.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 9,820.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 7,109.00 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 6,736.38. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 16th will be paid a GBX 1 ($0.01) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 16th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.12%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Randgold Resources Limited (RRS) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/randgold-resources-limited-rrs-receives-average-rating-of-buy-from-brokerages.html. Randgold Resources Limited Company Profile Randgold Resources Limited is engaged in gold mining, exploration and related activities. The Company’s activities are focused on West and Central Africa. The Company operates through the gold mining segment. The Company operates various mines, such as Morila, Loulo, Gounkoto, Tongon and Kibali. The Company is exploring in African countries, such as Mali, Senegal, Cote d’Ivoire and the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). Receive News & Ratings for Randgold Resources Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Randgold Resources Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News First Trust Advisors LP Boosts Position in Cogent Communications Holdings Inc (CCOI) First Trust Advisors LP Purchases 11,068 Shares of IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) Sanchez Energy Corp (SN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. (AMTD) Stake Increased by First Trust Advisors LP First Trust Advisors LP Raises Stake in Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Prospect Capital Co. (PSEC) Position Reduced by Capital Investment Advisory Services LLC Capital Investment Advisory Services LLC Purchases New Stake in New York REIT Inc (NYRT) Montag A & Associates Inc. Holds Position in Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) General Electric Company (GE) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Randgold Resources Limited (RRS) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages ArcelorMittal SA (MT) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Kinross Gold Co. (KGC) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Eldorado Gold Corp (EGO) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.04 Annaly Capital Management (NLY) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.04 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Edwards Lifesciences Corp (EW) Stock Price Quad/Graphics (QUAD) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Magnachip Semiconductor Corp (MX) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.05 DDR Corp (DDR) Stake Maintained by WealthTrust Fairport LLC Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) Stake Maintained by WealthTrust Fairport LLC CT Mason Increases Position in ONE Gas Inc (OGS) General Electric Company (GE) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) has been assigned an average recommendation of “Hold” from the twenty-one brokerages that are presently covering the company. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $32.17. Several research firms have issued reports on GE. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “underweight” rating and issued a $28.00 price target on shares of General Electric Company in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating and issued a $37.00 price target on shares of General Electric Company in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Stifel Nicolaus set a $34.00 price target on shares of General Electric Company and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Sanford C. Bernstein set a $38.00 price target on shares of General Electric Company and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Vetr lowered shares of General Electric Company from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $33.56 price objective for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. In related news, Vice Chairman David Leon Joyce sold 159,662 shares of General Electric Company stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $29.56, for a total value of $4,719,608.72. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 738,907 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $21,842,090.92. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Marijn E. Dekkers acquired 20,000 shares of General Electric Company stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 24th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $29.90 per share, with a total value of $598,000.00. Following the purchase, the director now owns 1,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $29,900. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 0.23% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in GE. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at about $2,383,193,000. Trustees of General Electric Pension Trust acquired a new stake in General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,038,590,000. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. raised its stake in General Electric Company by 848.2% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 15,458,705 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $488,626,000 after buying an additional 13,828,422 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its stake in General Electric Company by 3.0% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 357,567,340 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $11,299,139,000 after buying an additional 10,321,746 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at about $177,435,000. 54.68% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) traded up 0.17% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $28.99. The company had a trading volume of 33,760,037 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average is $29.66 and its 200-day moving average is $30.25. The company has a market capitalization of $252.62 billion, a P/E ratio of 29.52 and a beta of 1.20. General Electric Company has a 52-week low of $28.19 and a 52-week high of $33.00. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, April 21st. The conglomerate reported $0.21 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.17 by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $27.66 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $26.37 billion. General Electric Company had a net margin of 6.86% and a return on equity of 15.99%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down .7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.21 earnings per share. Equities analysts expect that General Electric Company will post $1.63 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Shareholders of record on Monday, February 27th were paid a dividend of $0.24 per share. This represents a $0.96 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.31%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, February 23rd. General Electric Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 106.67%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “General Electric Company (GE) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/general-electric-company-ge-receives-average-recommendation-of-hold-from-analysts.html. About General Electric Company Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Donate Friends of The Conversation Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Donate Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Free trade Unemployment Prescription drugs The government is swimming against the tide on Westpac’s Adani decision May 2, 2017 11.54pm EDT Data shows coal is on the way out. Wesfarmers/AAP The government is swimming against the tide on Westpac’s Adani decision May 2, 2017 11.54pm EDT David Peetz and Georgina Murray Authors David Peetz Professor of Employment Relations, Griffith University Georgina Murray Associate Professor in Humanities, Griffith University Disclosure statement David Peetz receives funding from the Australian Research Council and, as a university employee, has undertaken research over many years with occasional financial support from governments from both sides of politics, employers and unions, including the Mining and Energy Division of the Construction, Forestry, Mining and Energy Union. The research for the project behind this article, on finance and climate change, was funded within the university. Georgina Murray has received funding from the Australian Research Council and, as a university employee, has undertaken research over many years with occasional financial support from others, including the Mining and Energy Division of the Construction, Forestry, Mining and Energy Union. The research for the project behind this article, on finance and climate change, was funded within the university. Partners Griffith University provides funding as a member of The Conversation AU. View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons license. Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Messenger The Australian government’s strident criticism of Westpac for not financing the Adani Carmichael coal mine is out of step with the economics. As the cost of renewable energy falls and its adoption increases, fossil fuels are becoming a riskier investment. It’s not just Westpac. This shift is reflected right across the finance industry. The big four Australian banks have all declined to finance this mine, as have many large international financial institutions. The Commonwealth Bank quit as the project’s financial adviser in August 2015. NAB ruled out financing the mine in September 2015. ANZ effectively ruled out financing in October 2015 and again, more firmly, in December 2016. Big overseas financiers Standard Chartered, Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland, Citi, HSBC, Morgan Stanley, Société Générale, Crédit Agricole, JP Morgan Chase, Deutche Bank and BNP Baripas have also already abandoned or made clear their lack of support for the mine. Adani’s coal was to be used to generate electricity in India, recently seen as the future for the product given China’s shift away from coal. But Indian demand for coal is slipping. Its new National Electricity Plan has renewables rising from the current 15% to 56% of installed power capacity by 2027. The Indian government itself now thinks it may not need any new coal power plants for at least a decade. As mines require a huge initial investment that pays itself off over many years, this increases the risk that the Carmichael mine will become a “stranded asset”. Shifting economics of coal Sure, financial institutions are under pressure from customers and activists to avoid investments that damage the climate. But for these institutions, such pressures only make a difference at the margin. For them it is the poor economics of coal that is fundamental. The long-term prospects of coal are weakened by the rapid changes in technology and the deterioration of the climate outlook. Solar energy prices have fallen more rapidly than most expected, and battery technology and use is rapidly improving. A recent study found that solar energy is on a trajectory to supply at least 3 terawatts (TW) of power globally by 2030, and potentially up to 10TW if certain barriers to installation can be overcome. For comparison, the world’s total electricity capacity from all sources as of 2014 was just 6TW. Financiers’ minds may be focused still further by the fact that, if anything, scientists appear to have underestimated the effects of climate change on sea levels, polar ice caps, and methane emissions from thawing permafrost and lakes. From short- to long-term thinking The fact that the financial industry is reluctant to fund the Carmichael mine is just one example of the phenomenon described in a report by the Asset Owners Disclosure Project (AODP) as “a fundamental power shift … from short-termers to long-termers”. There are several reasons for this, besides the changing economics of renewable technology, the worsening climate outlook, and the shifting policies in countries like China and India. New tools are being developed to enable investors to quantify the impact of climate on their investments. In financial circles, the more things can be counted, the more they count. Superannuation funds and overseas pension funds need to invest over long periods of time, and so are now forced to invest with climate change in mind. They can’t afford to have a stranded asset on their books. Reinsurers - essentially large firms that provide insurance for insurance companies - face the same issue. They need to minimise exposure to extreme weather events, which are increasingly influenced by climate change. Fund managers are creating financial products to enable investment in climate change adaptation. And some investors are taking more control over their investments, rather than leaving them in the hands of fund managers, so they can give appropriate priority to climate issues. This is not to say that financiers around the world are uniformly reacting to climate issues. The AODP report shows that, on average, European and Australian asset owners and fund managers have done well in acting on climate risk, whereas American, Middle Eastern and (until now) Chinese ones have done poorly. It’s also not true that finance has uniformly abandoned short-termism. “Climate-interested investors” currently account for just a third of the ownership of the world’s very large corporations. But no one is going to make even short-term profits out of the Adani coal mine, with its huge upfront capital investment, unless they get a substantial subsidy from the taxpayer. And the long-term prospects look grim. Those who argue that Westpac’s decision was “illogical” are swimming against both the financial and technological tides. Electricity Mining Coal Jobs Westpac Stranded assets Adani Group Business Tweet Share Get newsletter Newsletter Help combat alt-facts and fake news and donate to independent journalism. Tax deductible. Make a donation You might also like AAP/Lukas Coch Australia’s climate bomb: the senselessness of Adani’s Carmichael coal mine AAP/Paul Miller The future of Australian coal: an unbankable deposit Companies in the developing world, like Adani Group headed by Gautam Adani, have achieved enormous success through strong ties with governments. Amit Dave/Reuters Unpicking the labyrinth that is India’s Adani It may not be coal for Christmas for Adani, unless it gets its foot in the ground. Coal image from www.shutterstock.com Adani should bow out gracefully from its Carmichael coal mine Most popular on The Conversation More people than ever before are single – and that’s a good thing Can Bill Nye – or any other science show – really save the world? How understanding the prisoner’s dilemma can help bridge liberal and conservative differences The myth of the college dropout ‘Anumeric’ people: What happens when a language has no words for numbers? Medieval medical books could hold the recipe for new antibiotics Physics of poo: Why it takes you and an elephant the same amount of time Why can’t cats resist thinking inside the box? She phubbs me, she phubbs me not: Smartphones could be ruining your love life A digital archive of slave voyages details the largest forced migration in history Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 49,600 academics and researchers from 2,019 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Friends of The Conversation Research and Expert Database Our feeds Donate Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
Anmelden   Registrieren? Fan werden finanzen.at ATX 3 013 0,1%  Dow 20 950 0,2%  Nasdaq 5 644 0,3%  Euro 1,0922 0,0%  ATX P 1 521 0,1%  EStoxx50 3 578 0,5%  Nikkei 19 446 0,7%  CHF 1,0828 -0,1%  DAX 12 508 0,6%  FTSE100 7 250 0,6%  Öl 50,9 -0,5%  Gold 1 255 0,0%  News Analysen Experten Kolumnen ATX News Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Broker-Vergleich Ressorts Aktien Anleihen Devisen ETF Fonds Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen CFDs Quellen APA Aktiencheck Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv Healthcare Trust of Americ a Aktie [WKN DE: A12F96 / ISIN: US42225P5017] Kurse + Charts + Realtime News + Analysen Fundamental Unternehmen zugeh. Wertpapiere Aktion Kurs + Chart Chart (groß) News + Adhoc Bilanz/GuV Termine Zertifikate Portfolio Times + Sales Chartvergleich Analysen Schätzungen Profil Optionsscheine Watchlist Börsenplätze Realtime Push Kursziele Dividende/GV Knock-Outs Historisch Analysen 03.05.2017 03:31:00 A A Teilen Drucken Healthcare Trust of America Announces Pricing of Upsized Public Offering of Common Stock Tweet SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. (NYSE: HTA) announced today the pricing of its underwritten public offering of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares at a price to the public of $28.50 per share. The offering was upsized from an original offering size of 39,500,000 Class A Common Shares to a final offering size of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares. In connection with the offering, the underwriters have a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 7,125,000 Class A Common Shares. HTA will receive approximately $1.35 billion in gross proceeds, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.  HTA intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to fund a portion of the $2.75 billion purchase price for the acquisition of substantially all of the medical office building assets and medical development platform of Duke Realty Corporation and its affiliates (the "Duke Acquisition"), which was announced on May 1, 2017, and the $150 million purchase price for the acquisition of an additional portfolio consisting of 11 medical office buildings (the "Southwest Health System Acquisition" and, together with the Duke Acquisition, the "Acquisitions") or, if the Acquisitions do not occur, for general corporate purposes, which may include, without limitation, other potential future acquisitions, working capital and repayment of debt. The Duke Acquisition is expected to close in several tranches in the second and third quarter of 2017 and is subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions. The closing of the Southwest Health System Acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions. The closing of the equity offering is expected to occur on or about May 8, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.  Wells Fargo Securities, J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley, BMO Capital Markets, Jefferies and Raymond James are acting as the joint book-running managers for the offering. MUFG, Mizuho Securities, Stifel, Capital One Securities, Scotiabank, BTIG, Oppenheimer & Co. and Regions Securities LLC are acting as the co-managers for the offering. To obtain a copy of the prospectus supplement and related base prospectus for this offering, please contact: (i) Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, 375 Park Avenue, New York, New York, 10152, at (800) 326-5897 or email a request to cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com; (ii) J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or (iii) Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York, 10014. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This announcement shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The offering of these securities is being made solely by means of a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. About Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. is the largest dedicated owner and operator of medical office buildings in the United States, based on gross leasable area ("GLA"). We provide the real estate infrastructure for the integrated delivery of healthcare services in highly desirable locations. Over the last decade, we have invested $4.3 billion primarily in medical office buildings and other healthcare assets comprising 17.8 million square feet of GLA. Our investments are targeted in 15 to 20 key markets that we believe have superior healthcare demographics that support strong, long-term demand for medical office space. We have achieved, and continue to achieve, critical mass within these key markets by expanding our presence through accretive acquisitions, and utilizing our in-house operating expertise through our regionally located property management and leasing platform. Founded in 2006 and listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 2012, HTA has produced attractive returns for its stockholders that we believe have significantly outperformed the S&P 500 and US REIT indices. Forward-Looking Language This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of HTA, the Acquisitions as described in this press release and the financial performance and business of HTA after completion of the Acquisitions. These forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as "expects," "plans," "estimates," "anticipates," "projects," "intends," "believes," "outlook," and similar expressions that do not relate to historical matters, are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions which may not be realized and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted with accuracy and some of which might not even be anticipated, that could cause actual outcomes and results, financial and otherwise, to differ materially, including statements related to the closing of the Acquisitions. Risks and other factors related to HTA that might cause such differences include, among others, the following: we may abandon development or redevelopment opportunities for which we have already incurred costs; adverse capital market conditions may affect our access to various sources of capital and/or cost of capital, which may affect our business activities, earnings and common stock price, among other things; we may not be able to effectively deploy the net proceeds of offerings of securities; changes in economic conditions affecting the healthcare property sector, the commercial real estate market and the credit market may affect our performance and financial condition; competition for acquisition of medical office buildings and other facilities that serve the healthcare industry could increase; economic fluctuations in certain states in which our property investments are geographically concentrated could affect our results of operations; and we may not be able to retain our senior management team. Any forward-looking statements or forecasts relating to the business, prospects, operating statistics or financial results relating to the Acquisitions are based on assumptions and are inherently speculative, are subject to substantial uncertainty, and the actual operating statistics and financial results may differ materially from HTA's forecasts. Risks and other factors related to the Acquisitions that might cause such differences include, among other things, the following: we may not be able to consummate the Acquisitions on time or on the terms currently expected or at all; we may not be able to effectively integrate the assets acquired in the Acquisitions into our portfolio and/or we may fail to achieve expected efficiencies and synergies; our assumptions concerning the availability and/or terms of financing related to the Acquisitions may not be realized; we may encounter liabilities for which we are responsible that were unknown at the time we agreed to the Acquisitions; and our assumptions concerning risks relating to our lack of control of joint ventures may prove incorrect. In addition, HTA's forecasts are subject to a variety of additional factors and risks, including the risks set forth under "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in HTA's Form 10-K, and in HTA's other periodic and Form 8-K filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. HTA undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by applicable law. Financial Contact:      Robert Milligan Financial Officer   Healthcare Trust of America, Inc.     480.998.3478      RobertMilligan@htareit.com                                                         To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/healthcare-trust-of-america-announces-pricing-of-upsized-public-offering-of-common-stock-300450259.html SOURCE Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. Nachrichten zu Healthcare Trust of America Inc (A)mehr Nachrichten Relevant Alle vom Unternehmen Keine Nachrichten verfügbar. Analysen zu Healthcare Trust of America Inc (A)mehr Analysen Alle Buy Hold Sell 04.01.17 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy Mizuho 27.04.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Hold Wunderlich 26.04.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. 21.03.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. 05.01.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Outperform Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. 04.01.17 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy Mizuho 27.04.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Hold Wunderlich 26.04.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. 21.03.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. 05.01.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Outperform Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. 04.01.17 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy Mizuho 26.04.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. 21.03.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. 05.01.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Outperform Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. 31.12.15 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Buy Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. 27.04.16 Healthcare Trust of Americ a Hold Wunderlich Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: EUR   Hinzufügen Speichern   Newssuche   GO   NEWS VON Mit Bomben und Granaten "Konjunkturell sind wir vorderhand aus dem Schneider" Immofinanz: Trendwechsel ante portas Goldminen als Inflationsgewinner So sichern Sie sich niedrige Kreditzinsen Aktien in diesem Artikel Healthcare Trust of America Inc (A) 29,62 -3,20% Börse aktuell - Live Ticker Auch am Mittwoch ist ein neues DAX-Rekordhoch drin Der DAX könnte am Mittwoch zur Eröffnung erneut auf ein Rekordhoch steigen. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien ATX DAX EuroStoxx 50 Dow Jones NASDAQ 100 EuroStoxx 50 Nikkei 225 S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung 15 Min. (Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min.). © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH
Latest News Dow 20,950 +36.43 +0.17% Nasdaq 6,095 +3.76 +0.06% S&P 500 2,391 +2.84 +0.12% 3:05 A.M. ET Novo Nordisk rises 3.9% after Q1 earnings beat forecasts 3:04 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% lower at 12,494.64 3:03 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% lower at 5,296.46 3:03 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% lower at 7,231.50 3:02 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 388.83 2:47 A.M. ET Marks & Spencer names Jill McDonald nonfood chief 2:46 A.M. ET Imperial's profit boosted by investment gains 2:45 A.M. ET Greek austerity deal opens up path out of bailout 2:44 A.M. ET Oil slump has hit Saudi Arabia's spending: Prince 2:42 A.M. ET Peugeot and NuTonomy to test self-driving SUV 2:41 A.M. ET Hugo Boss profit up 25% amid cost cuts 2:40 A.M. ET Sage pretax profit rises; lifts dividend 2:39 A.M. ET Paddy Power Betfair profit up 87% on pound's drop 2:38 A.M. ET ITV CEO Adam Crozier to step down 2:37 A.M. ET Novo Nordisk earnings beat views; narrows guidance 2:36 A.M. ET Sainsbury's cuts dividend as full-year sales fall 2:36 A.M. ET What to watch in Shell's earnings: Profit in focus 1:53 A.M. ET Solvay beats forecasts, upbeat on 2017 1:53 A.M. ET LafargeHolcim comparable sales, net income rise 1:52 A.M. ET Fresenius posts double-digit sales, earnings rise Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Healthcare Trust of America Announces Pricing of Upsized Public Offering of Common Stock By Published: May 2, 2017 9:31 p.m. ET Share SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. HTA, -3.20% announced today the pricing of its underwritten public offering of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares at a price to the public of $28.50 per share. The offering was upsized from an original offering size of 39,500,000 Class A Common Shares to a final offering size of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares. In connection with the offering, the underwriters have a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 7,125,000 Class A Common Shares. HTA will receive approximately $1.35 billion in gross proceeds, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.  HTA intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to fund a portion of the $2.75 billion purchase price for the acquisition of substantially all of the medical office building assets and medical development platform of Duke Realty Corporation and its affiliates (the "Duke Acquisition"), which was announced on May 1, 2017, and the $150 million purchase price for the acquisition of an additional portfolio consisting of 11 medical office buildings (the "Southwest Health System Acquisition" and, together with the Duke Acquisition, the "Acquisitions") or, if the Acquisitions do not occur, for general corporate purposes, which may include, without limitation, other potential future acquisitions, working capital and repayment of debt. The Duke Acquisition is expected to close in several tranches in the second and third quarter of 2017 and is subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions. The closing of the Southwest Health System Acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions. The closing of the equity offering is expected to occur on or about May 8, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.  Wells Fargo Securities, J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley, BMO Capital Markets, Jefferies and Raymond James are acting as the joint book-running managers for the offering. MUFG, Mizuho Securities, Stifel, Capital One Securities, Scotiabank, BTIG, Oppenheimer & Co. and Regions Securities LLC are acting as the co-managers for the offering. To obtain a copy of the prospectus supplement and related base prospectus for this offering, please contact: (i) Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, 375 Park Avenue, New York, New York, 10152, at (800) 326-5897 or email a request to cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com; (ii) J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or (iii) Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York, 10014. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This announcement shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The offering of these securities is being made solely by means of a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. About Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. is the largest dedicated owner and operator of medical office buildings in the United States, based on gross leasable area ("GLA"). We provide the real estate infrastructure for the integrated delivery of healthcare services in highly desirable locations. Over the last decade, we have invested $4.3 billion primarily in medical office buildings and other healthcare assets comprising 17.8 million square feet of GLA. Our investments are targeted in 15 to 20 key markets that we believe have superior healthcare demographics that support strong, long-term demand for medical office space. We have achieved, and continue to achieve, critical mass within these key markets by expanding our presence through accretive acquisitions, and utilizing our in-house operating expertise through our regionally located property management and leasing platform. Founded in 2006 and listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 2012, HTA has produced attractive returns for its stockholders that we believe have significantly outperformed the S&P 500 and US REIT indices. Forward-Looking Language This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of HTA, the Acquisitions as described in this press release and the financial performance and business of HTA after completion of the Acquisitions. These forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as "expects," "plans," "estimates," "anticipates," "projects," "intends," "believes," "outlook," and similar expressions that do not relate to historical matters, are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions which may not be realized and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted with accuracy and some of which might not even be anticipated, that could cause actual outcomes and results, financial and otherwise, to differ materially, including statements related to the closing of the Acquisitions. Risks and other factors related to HTA that might cause such differences include, among others, the following: we may abandon development or redevelopment opportunities for which we have already incurred costs; adverse capital market conditions may affect our access to various sources of capital and/or cost of capital, which may affect our business activities, earnings and common stock price, among other things; we may not be able to effectively deploy the net proceeds of offerings of securities; changes in economic conditions affecting the healthcare property sector, the commercial real estate market and the credit market may affect our performance and financial condition; competition for acquisition of medical office buildings and other facilities that serve the healthcare industry could increase; economic fluctuations in certain states in which our property investments are geographically concentrated could affect our results of operations; and we may not be able to retain our senior management team. Any forward-looking statements or forecasts relating to the business, prospects, operating statistics or financial results relating to the Acquisitions are based on assumptions and are inherently speculative, are subject to substantial uncertainty, and the actual operating statistics and financial results may differ materially from HTA's forecasts. Risks and other factors related to the Acquisitions that might cause such differences include, among other things, the following: we may not be able to consummate the Acquisitions on time or on the terms currently expected or at all; we may not be able to effectively integrate the assets acquired in the Acquisitions into our portfolio and/or we may fail to achieve expected efficiencies and synergies; our assumptions concerning the availability and/or terms of financing related to the Acquisitions may not be realized; we may encounter liabilities for which we are responsible that were unknown at the time we agreed to the Acquisitions; and our assumptions concerning risks relating to our lack of control of joint ventures may prove incorrect. In addition, HTA's forecasts are subject to a variety of additional factors and risks, including the risks set forth under "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in HTA's Form 10-K, and in HTA's other periodic and Form 8-K filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. HTA undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by applicable law. Financial Contact:      Robert Milligan Financial Officer   Healthcare Trust of America, Inc.     480.998.3478      RobertMilligan@htareit.com                                                         To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/healthcare-trust-of-america-announces-pricing-of-upsized-public-offering-of-common-stock-300450259.html SOURCE Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References HTA -0.98 -3.20% Most Popular AMD’s stock plunges to biggest loss in over 12 years Wall Street’s ‘fear gauge’ is falling, bonds and the stock market are soaring—something’s gotta give iPhone sales ‘pause,’ and Apple may be in trouble The most unaffordable place to live in America is… Trump's 100 Days: A Roller-Coaster for the Dollar MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Healthcare Trust of America Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HTA $29.62 -0.98 (-3.20%) Volume 6.3M Open $30.35 High $30.39 Low $29.41 P/E Ratio 89.76 Div Yield 4.05 Market Cap 4.4B
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Healthcare Trust of America Announces Pricing of Upsized Public Offering of Common Stock SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. (NYSE: HTA) announced today the pricing of its underwritten public offering of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares at a price to the public of $28.50 per share. The offering was upsized from an original offering size of 39,500,000 Class A Common Shares to a final offering size of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares. In connection with the offering, the underwriters have a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 7,125,000 Class A Common Shares. HTA will receive approximately $1.35 billion in gross proceeds, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.  HTA intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to fund a portion of the $2.75 billion purchase price for the acquisition of substantially all of the medical office building assets and medical development platform of Duke Realty Corporation and its affiliates (the „Duke Acquisition”), which was announced on May 1, 2017, and the $150 million purchase price for the acquisition of an additional portfolio consisting of 11 medical office buildings (the „Southwest Health System Acquisition” and, together with the Duke Acquisition, the „Acquisitions”) or, if the Acquisitions do not occur, for general corporate purposes, which may include, without limitation, other potential future acquisitions, working capital and repayment of debt. The Duke Acquisition is expected to close in several tranches in the second and third quarter of 2017 and is subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions. The closing of the Southwest Health System Acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions. The closing of the equity offering is expected to occur on or about May 8, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.  Wells Fargo Securities, J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley, BMO Capital Markets, Jefferies and Raymond James are acting as the joint book-running managers for the offering. MUFG, Mizuho Securities, Stifel, Capital One Securities, Scotiabank, BTIG, Oppenheimer & Co. and Regions Securities LLC are acting as the co-managers for the offering. To obtain a copy of the prospectus supplement and related base prospectus for this offering, please contact: (i) Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, 375 Park Avenue, New York, New York, 10152, at (800) 326-5897 or email a request to cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com; (ii) J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or (iii) Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York, 10014. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This announcement shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The offering of these securities is being made solely by means of a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. About Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. is the largest dedicated owner and operator of medical office buildings in the United States, based on gross leasable area („GLA”). We provide the real estate infrastructure for the integrated delivery of healthcare services in highly desirable locations. Over the last decade, we have invested $4.3 billion primarily in medical office buildings and other healthcare assets comprising 17.8 million square feet of GLA. Our investments are targeted in 15 to 20 key markets that we believe have superior healthcare demographics that support strong, long-term demand for medical office space. We have achieved, and continue to achieve, critical mass within these key markets by expanding our presence through accretive acquisitions, and utilizing our in-house operating expertise through our regionally located property management and leasing platform. Founded in 2006 and listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 2012, HTA has produced attractive returns for its stockholders that we believe have significantly outperformed the S&P 500 and US REIT indices. Forward-Looking Language This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of HTA, the Acquisitions as described in this press release and the financial performance and business of HTA after completion of the Acquisitions. These forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as „expects,” „plans,” „estimates,” „anticipates,” „projects,” „intends,” „believes,” „outlook,” and similar expressions that do not relate to historical matters, are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions which may not be realized and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted with accuracy and some of which might not even be anticipated, that could cause actual outcomes and results, financial and otherwise, to differ materially, including statements related to the closing of the Acquisitions. Risks and other factors related to HTA that might cause such differences include, among others, the following: we may abandon development or redevelopment opportunities for which we have already incurred costs; adverse capital market conditions may affect our access to various sources of capital and/or cost of capital, which may affect our business activities, earnings and common stock price, among other things; we may not be able to effectively deploy the net proceeds of offerings of securities; changes in economic conditions affecting the healthcare property sector, the commercial real estate market and the credit market may affect our performance and financial condition; competition for acquisition of medical office buildings and other facilities that serve the healthcare industry could increase; economic fluctuations in certain states in which our property investments are geographically concentrated could affect our results of operations; and we may not be able to retain our senior management team. Any forward-looking statements or forecasts relating to the business, prospects, operating statistics or financial results relating to the Acquisitions are based on assumptions and are inherently speculative, are subject to substantial uncertainty, and the actual operating statistics and financial results may differ materially from HTA’s forecasts. Risks and other factors related to the Acquisitions that might cause such differences include, among other things, the following: we may not be able to consummate the Acquisitions on time or on the terms currently expected or at all; we may not be able to effectively integrate the assets acquired in the Acquisitions into our portfolio and/or we may fail to achieve expected efficiencies and synergies; our assumptions concerning the availability and/or terms of financing related to the Acquisitions may not be realized; we may encounter liabilities for which we are responsible that were unknown at the time we agreed to the Acquisitions; and our assumptions concerning risks relating to our lack of control of joint ventures may prove incorrect. In addition, HTA’s forecasts are subject to a variety of additional factors and risks, including the risks set forth under „Risk Factors” and „Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in HTA’s Form 10-K, and in HTA’s other periodic and Form 8-K filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. HTA undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by applicable law. Financial Contact:      Robert Milligan Financial Officer   Healthcare Trust of America, Inc.     480.998.3478      RobertMilligan@htareit.com                                                       To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/healthcare-trust-of-america-announces-pricing-of-upsized-public-offering-of-common-stock-300450259.html SOURCE Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. Related Links http://www.grubb-ellis.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsDividends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Roberto González Barrera joins the Hall of Fame of the Tortilla Industry Association of the United States Next PostNext New Quanta Magazine Website Makes Complex Science Come to Life Search Recent Posts FashionMia Offers Trendy Dresses for Women in Pretty Patterns and Designs Kiwi brand all set to Repel in Nicaragua Auckland house sale volumes slump to 9-year low in April SKYCITY welcomes new CEO with traditional Maori ceremony Sosei Pays GBP 35 Million for an Equity Stake and Acquisition Option Agreement in MiNA Therapeutics RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Constellation Brands Prices Offering of Senior Notes VICTOR, N.Y., May 3, 2017 – (ACN Newswire) – Constellation Brands, Inc. (NYSE: STZ and STZ.B), a leading beverage alcohol company, announced today that it priced the public offering of $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes, consisting of (i) $500.0 million of 2.70% Senior Notes due 2022 (the „2022 notes”) for a public offering price of 99.782% of the principal amount of the 2022 notes; (ii) $500.0 million of 3.50% Senior Notes due 2027 (the „2027 notes”) for a public offering price of 99.766% of the principal amount of the 2027 notes; and (iii) $500.0 million of 4.50% Senior Notes due 2047 (the „2047 notes”) for a public offering price of 99.559% of the principal amount of the 2047 notes (collectively, the „notes”). The notes will be senior obligations that rank equally with all of Constellation’s other senior unsecured indebtedness, and will be guaranteed by the subsidiaries of Constellation that are guarantors under Constellation’s senior credit facility. Closing of the offering is expected to occur on May 9, 2017. Constellation intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to repay all of its outstanding 7.250% Senior Notes due May 2017 in the aggregate principal amount of $700 million and to repay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under its U.S. Term A Loan. Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC are acting as the joint book-running managers of the offering. The notes are being offered only by means of a prospectus, including a prospectus supplement, copies of which may be obtained by contacting Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated toll-free at (800) 294-1322 or emailing [email protected], or contacting J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at (212) 834-4533. Alternatively, the prospectus and prospectus supplement may be obtained by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov. This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy notes. The notes will not be sold in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful. About Constellation Brands Constellation Brands is a leading international producer and marketer of beer, wine and spirits with operations in the U.S., Mexico, New Zealand, Italy and Canada. Constellation is the third-largest producer and marketer of beer for the U.S. market and the world’s leading premium wine company with a leading market position in the U.S. Constellation’s wine portfolio is complemented by select premium spirits brands. Constellation’s brand portfolio includes Corona Extra, Corona Light, Modelo Especial, Modelo Negra, Pacifico, Ballast Point, Robert Mondavi, Clos du Bois, Kim Crawford, Meiomi, Mark West, Franciscan Estate, Ruffino, The Prisoner, SVEDKA Vodka, Casa Noble Tequila and High West Whiskey. Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the „safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements which are not historical facts and relate to future plans, events or performance are forward-looking statements that are based upon management’s current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Detailed information regarding risk factors with respect to the company and the offering are included in the company’s filings with the SEC, including the prospectus and prospectus supplement for the offering. CONTACTS Media Mike McGrew: 773-251-4934 Amy Martin: 585-678-7141 Investor Relations Patty Yahn-Urlaub: 585-678-7483 Bob Czudak: 585-678-7170 ### This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein. Source: Constellation Brands Inc via Globenewswire Topic: Press release summary http://www.acnnewswire.com From the Asia Corporate News Network Copyright © 2017 ACN Newswire. All rights reserved. A division of Asia Corporate News Network. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FashionMia Offers Trendy Dresses for Women in Pretty Patterns and Designs Next PostNext American Dream U: Brewing The American Dream Search Recent Posts NeutriSci Completes Private Placement Agrium Shareholders Vote in line with Management’s Recommendations for All Resolutions at the Annual Shareholders Meeting Lighting Improvements at Makawao Public Parking Lot Prompt Closure; Alternate Parking Available Famous Dave’s First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call Western Hemisphere: Special Briefing on Venezuela RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Healthcare Trust of America Announces Pricing of Upsized Public Offering of Common Stock SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. (NYSE: HTA) announced today the pricing of its underwritten public offering of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares at a price to the public of $28.50 per share. The offering was upsized from an original offering size of 39,500,000 Class A Common Shares to a final offering size of 47,500,000 Class A Common Shares. In connection with the offering, the underwriters have a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 7,125,000 Class A Common Shares. HTA will receive approximately $1.35 billion in gross proceeds, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.  HTA intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to fund a portion of the $2.75 billion purchase price for the acquisition of substantially all of the medical office building assets and medical development platform of Duke Realty Corporation and its affiliates (the "Duke Acquisition"), which was announced on May 1, 2017, and the $150 million purchase price for the acquisition of an additional portfolio consisting of 11 medical office buildings (the "Southwest Health System Acquisition" and, together with the Duke Acquisition, the "Acquisitions") or, if the Acquisitions do not occur, for general corporate purposes, which may include, without limitation, other potential future acquisitions, working capital and repayment of debt. The Duke Acquisition is expected to close in several tranches in the second and third quarter of 2017 and is subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions. The closing of the Southwest Health System Acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions. The closing of the equity offering is expected to occur on or about May 8, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.  Wells Fargo Securities, J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley, BMO Capital Markets, Jefferies and Raymond James are acting as the joint book-running managers for the offering. MUFG, Mizuho Securities, Stifel, Capital One Securities, Scotiabank, BTIG, Oppenheimer & Co. and Regions Securities LLC are acting as the co-managers for the offering. To obtain a copy of the prospectus supplement and related base prospectus for this offering, please contact: (i) Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, 375 Park Avenue, New York, New York, 10152, at (800) 326-5897 or email a request to cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com; (ii) J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or (iii) Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York, 10014. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This announcement shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The offering of these securities is being made solely by means of a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. About Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. is the largest dedicated owner and operator of medical office buildings in the United States, based on gross leasable area ("GLA"). We provide the real estate infrastructure for the integrated delivery of healthcare services in highly desirable locations. Over the last decade, we have invested $4.3 billion primarily in medical office buildings and other healthcare assets comprising 17.8 million square feet of GLA. Our investments are targeted in 15 to 20 key markets that we believe have superior healthcare demographics that support strong, long-term demand for medical office space. We have achieved, and continue to achieve, critical mass within these key markets by expanding our presence through accretive acquisitions, and utilizing our in-house operating expertise through our regionally located property management and leasing platform. Founded in 2006 and listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 2012, HTA has produced attractive returns for its stockholders that we believe have significantly outperformed the S&P 500 and US REIT indices. Forward-Looking Language This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of HTA, the Acquisitions as described in this press release and the financial performance and business of HTA after completion of the Acquisitions. These forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as "expects," "plans," "estimates," "anticipates," "projects," "intends," "believes," "outlook," and similar expressions that do not relate to historical matters, are based on current expectations, forecasts and assumptions which may not be realized and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted with accuracy and some of which might not even be anticipated, that could cause actual outcomes and results, financial and otherwise, to differ materially, including statements related to the closing of the Acquisitions. Risks and other factors related to HTA that might cause such differences include, among others, the following: we may abandon development or redevelopment opportunities for which we have already incurred costs; adverse capital market conditions may affect our access to various sources of capital and/or cost of capital, which may affect our business activities, earnings and common stock price, among other things; we may not be able to effectively deploy the net proceeds of offerings of securities; changes in economic conditions affecting the healthcare property sector, the commercial real estate market and the credit market may affect our performance and financial condition; competition for acquisition of medical office buildings and other facilities that serve the healthcare industry could increase; economic fluctuations in certain states in which our property investments are geographically concentrated could affect our results of operations; and we may not be able to retain our senior management team. Any forward-looking statements or forecasts relating to the business, prospects, operating statistics or financial results relating to the Acquisitions are based on assumptions and are inherently speculative, are subject to substantial uncertainty, and the actual operating statistics and financial results may differ materially from HTA's forecasts. Risks and other factors related to the Acquisitions that might cause such differences include, among other things, the following: we may not be able to consummate the Acquisitions on time or on the terms currently expected or at all; we may not be able to effectively integrate the assets acquired in the Acquisitions into our portfolio and/or we may fail to achieve expected efficiencies and synergies; our assumptions concerning the availability and/or terms of financing related to the Acquisitions may not be realized; we may encounter liabilities for which we are responsible that were unknown at the time we agreed to the Acquisitions; and our assumptions concerning risks relating to our lack of control of joint ventures may prove incorrect. In addition, HTA's forecasts are subject to a variety of additional factors and risks, including the risks set forth under "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in HTA's Form 10-K, and in HTA's other periodic and Form 8-K filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. HTA undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by applicable law. Financial Contact:      Robert Milligan Financial Officer   Healthcare Trust of America, Inc.     480.998.3478      RobertMilligan@htareit.com                                                         SOURCE Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCommercial Real Estate, Dividends, Health Care/Hospitals, Real Estate Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Amy Newton Announced as Speaker for the 2017 CLM &amp; Business Insurance Workers’ Compensation Conference Next PostNext Keith Collins to oversee Southwest Power Pool Market Monitoring Unit beginning June 1, 2017 Search Recent Posts Cruise to Santa Maria Valley for the West Coast Kustoms Cruisin’ Nationals Car Show Maiden Holdings Announces Dividends on Common Shares and Preference Shares Teranga Gold Announces Voting Results From Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders Hanwa Co., Ltd. Acquires Common Shares of Bacanora Minerals Ltd. Dept. of Interior Conducting Market Research About Available Coded Acoustic Receivers RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TWLO FEYE Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Apple (AAPL) dips after Q2 sales, Q3 guidance miss >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Deserves Its Record High — And More FB stock hit a record high, clearing $150 for the first time. But the run in Facebook stock isn't over By Vince Martin, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 2, 2017, 7:00 pm EDT Get FB alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: The 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy for $10 or Less 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Market’s Next Big Rally Ford Motor Company (F) Stock Has a Big Problem With “Peak Auto” Recent Posts: Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Deserves Its Record High — And More Is Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Sunk After a Q2 Miss? Keep Your Eye on This. 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Market’s Next Big Rally View All Posts Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) is trading at a record high once again, clearing the $150 level for the first time on Friday. It’s been an incredible run for Facebook stock, which traded below $18 less than five years ago. Since then, FB stock has risen by over 700%. It’s added some $370 billion in market value over that span. That’s enough to buy Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) or JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) at current prices! Source: Facebook There are good reasons for the gains in Facebook stock. It has become the world’s dominant social media platform. Facebook earnings continue to increase nicely. What’s notable at the moment is that even after climbing by 8x, FB stock still isn’t all that expensive. Those are just a few of the reasons why Facebook stock deserves its record high — and more. Facebook Will Continue to Dominate Advertising Advertising continues to move online — but that shift hasn’t been without its problems. So-called “click fraud” will cost businesses as much as $16 billion in 2017, according to one report. For many off-line businesses, the ability to track ROI and other metrics hasn’t been quite was promised. The famous quote from retailing pioneer John Wanamaker — “Half my advertising is wasted; I just don’t know which half” — still applies today. To be sure, Facebook has had some issues with measurement metrics of its own. But it’s publicly disclosed those issues and pledged to fix them. Meanwhile, over at Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), YouTube is dealing with advertiser concerns over placement. With concerns about the broader online ad ecosystem proliferating, advertisers increasingly are turning to Google and Facebook. A recent report suggested that 99% of all digital advertising growth — 99%! — accrued to the two giants last year. With Google and YouTube scuffling, Facebook has an opportunity to take share from Alphabet’s units. That leaves Facebook in prime position to be the platform of first and last resort for advertisers. Facebook Stock Isn’t Expensive Amazingly, given its growth and dominance, FB stock is rather cheaply valued. Facebook stock, backing out its ~$10 per share in cash, trades at under 21x 2017 analyst earnings estimates. Think about that. There are concerns about Facebook’s business — “fake news,” whether new competitors like Snap Inc (NYSE:SNAP) can take share, and international growth — among them.Incredibly, that forward multiple is lower than that of The Coca-Cola Co (NYSE:KO). But which business seems more likely to grow in the next 10 years? The company facing soda taxes and millions of customers swearing off its products? Or the one so popular that more than one out of every four people in the world is a registered user? Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/facebook-inc-fb-stock-deserves-its-record-high-and-more/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Market’s Next Big Rally 4 Popular Stocks Hitting New Lows Why Tesla Stock Should Keep Rising for Years to Come 3 Energy ETFs to Buy Today for Better Gains Tomorrow 3 Financial Stocks to Short Now 15 Things to Buy With Your Sell in May Profits ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Market’s Next Big Rally 3 Energy ETFs to Buy Today for Better Gains Tomorrow 4 Popular Stocks Hitting New Lows 15 Things to Buy With Your Sell in May Profits 3 Financial Stocks to Short Now Most Popular 10 Simply Safe Dividend Stocks to Buy for Retirement 4 High-Yield Stocks to Buy for 6%-Plus Dividends 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year Why Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Will Hit $165 After Earnings The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Next Decade 4 Retail Stocks on the Verge of Bankruptcy Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Major investors and business leaders have gotten used to ignoring Trump Lawrence Delevingne, Svea Herbst-Bayliss and Olivia Oran, Reuters May 2, 2017, 2:50 PM 3,122 facebook linkedin twitter email print Alex Wong/Getty Images At an annual gathering of the world's most powerful thinkers and trendsetters in Beverly Hills this week, business leaders and major investors said they have gotten used to dismissing most things that President Donald Trump says or tweets. On panels at the Milken Institute Global Conference, CEOs and billionaires were generally enthusiastic about Trump's mission to reform healthcare, cut taxes, reduce regulations and stimulate the economy. Panelists including JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon and hedge fund billionaire Ken Griffin offered positive remarks about the president and urged attendees to give him more time to accomplish such sizeable goals. But in interviews on the sidelines, the Wall Street set was far more dubious that Trump can get anything done. "I don't take Trump seriously," said a senior executive at one of the country's six largest banks. "I'm listening less and less." Like most who wanted to share their more candid views privately, the executive spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid angering the president, his employer or business associates. But his comments were echoed by at least a dozen institutional investors and bank executives who spoke to Reuters. While they remain hopeful Trump will be able to get reforms through Congress, the lack of progress combined with conflicting messages coming out of the administration make it hard to put faith in anything, they said. Several cited comments on Monday from Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who joked on a panel that bank investors should thank him for boosting share prices. Hours later, Bloomberg News published an interview with Trump, in which said he was considering breaking up the country's biggest banks – an idea that is an anathema to shareholders of lenders like JPMorgan, Bankof America Corp or Citigroup Inc. However, few people at the event in the Beverly Hilton Hotel appeared to take the comment seriously. "Until it's signed into law, you can't bank on it," said Aaron Cutler, a regulatory lawyer at Hogan Lovells who lobbies Congress on behalf of banks and hedge funds and was milling about on a sunny terrace. He said his clients are not yet acting on anything the administration says. A report last week by PwC's financial services regulatory practice echoed that view. DespiteTrump's talk of quick action, PwC predicts his executive orders will "yield few results," that plans to repeal a package of financial regulations called Dodd-Frank will not happen, and that any change in Washington will be slow due to a lack of consensus, a slothy appointments process and upcoming midterm elections. A spokeswoman for Trump did not return a request for comment for this article by publication time. Even as Wall Street honchos privately disregard the administration's mixed messages, they were rubbing shoulders with top White House officials around the event and afterwards at swanky parties. Among the guests at one evening soirée was a cheetah from the San Diego Zoo. US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin attended the Milken conference. Thomson Reuters In addition to Mnuchin, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos were all featured speakers at the Milken conference. Each has a background in business or finance, something other conference-goers found encouraging. Ultimately, some said, they have to consider whether Trump is making a statement to win political points or because he truly wants to accomplish a goal. If the former, his remarks can be more easily dismissed, they said. The head of a multi-billion-dollar hedge fund firm said the situation has become "a Rorschach test" where people celebrate or shrug off Trump's comments depending on what they want to see. Sir Michael Hintze, founder of $12.5 billion investment firm CQS, said people are being too hardon the president. Trump may have a different style because he is not a politician by nature, but has his heart in the right place, Hintze said. "I'm pretty constructive about the whole thing," he said. "Everyone was there to hate him, (but)Trump's a decent man." (Reporting by Lawrence Delevingne, Svea Herbst and Olivia Oran; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Bernard Orr) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Germany's cabinet has approved a plan to fine social media companies up to €50 million over hate speech (FB) Prosecutor accuses Samsung chief of conspiring to hide millions of dollars in bribes (SSNLF) The world's largest tech fund is considering a $1 billion plus investment in WeWork Silicon Valley is financing the fight against Trump's immigration policy (BOX, NFLX, MSFT, AAPL) Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode NOW WATCH: People are outraged by this shocking video showing a passenger forcibly dragged off a United Airlines plane Loading video... More: Reuters Contributer Wall Street Banks facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Major investors and business leaders have gotten used to ignoring Trump Major investors and business leaders have gotten used to ignoring Trump At an annual gathering of the world's most... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured WATCH! This week's episode of The Bottom Line with Henry Blodget More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Biogen Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Biogen Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Noble Energy, Inc. (NBL) Shares Sold by Sfmg LLC WASHINGTON TRUST Co Purchases 2,268 Shares of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Shaker Investments LLC OH Has $2.854 Million Stake in LKQ Co. (LKQ) Wheatland Advisors Inc. Reduces Position in Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Coach Inc (COH) Stake Decreased by Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Invests $4.776 Million in Twitter Inc (TWTR) Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) to Post $3.30 EPS AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Stake Boosted by Willingdon Wealth Management First Houston Capital Inc. Increases Position in Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Shaker Investments LLC OH Raises Position in Manitex International Inc (MNTX) Analysts Expect Biogen Inc (BIIB) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.8 Billion Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Diageo plc (DGE) Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Riverview Bancorp (RVSB) Share Price Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Shares Up 11.6% After Earnings Beat Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Allianzgi Convertible & Income Fund (NCV) Plans $0.07 Monthly Dividend Schaper Benz & Wise Investment Counsel Inc. WI Lowers Stake in Waters Co. (WAT) Cedar Wealth Management LLC Purchases 1,370 Shares of Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Analysts Expect Biogen Inc (BIIB) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.8 Billion May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Analysts forecast that Biogen Inc (NASDAQ:BIIB) will report $2.8 billion in sales for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks reports. Twenty One analysts have issued estimates for Biogen’s earnings, with estimates ranging from $2.71 billion to $2.92 billion. Biogen reported sales of $2.89 billion in the same quarter last year, which indicates a negative year-over-year growth rate of 3.1%. The company is scheduled to announce its next earnings report on Thursday, July 20th. On average, analysts expect that Biogen will report full year sales of $2.8 billion for the current fiscal year, with estimates ranging from $11.07 billion to $12.04 billion. For the next fiscal year, analysts anticipate that the firm will report sales of $12.05 billion per share, with estimates ranging from $11.38 billion to $12.75 billion. Zacks’ sales averages are an average based on a survey of analysts that that provide coverage for Biogen. Biogen (NASDAQ:BIIB) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The biotechnology company reported $5.20 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $4.97 by $0.23. The company earned $2.81 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.73 billion. Biogen had a net margin of 32.34% and a return on equity of 38.48%. Biogen’s revenue was up 3.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $4.79 earnings per share. A number of analysts have recently issued reports on BIIB shares. TheStreet upgraded Biogen from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $335.00 target price on Biogen and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Biogen in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Leerink Swann set a $360.00 target price on Biogen and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, HC Wainwright reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $360.00 target price on shares of Biogen in a report on Monday, January 30th. Eleven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have issued a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Biogen has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $327.30. Shares of Biogen (NASDAQ:BIIB) traded up 0.11% on Friday, reaching $271.34. 1,384,341 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Biogen has a 52 week low of $223.02 and a 52 week high of $333.65. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $275.23 and its 200-day moving average price is $286.27. The stock has a market capitalization of $57.56 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.99 and a beta of 0.72. In related news, VP Paul J. Clancy sold 9,891 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $291.55, for a total transaction of $2,883,721.05. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 20,705 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,036,542.75. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Alexander J. Denner purchased 73,858 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, April 27th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $278.50 per share, for a total transaction of $20,569,453.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 21,764 shares of company stock worth $6,295,354. Corporate insiders own 0.32% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Sarissa Capital Management LP purchased a new stake in Biogen during the fourth quarter valued at about $87,909,000. Intermede Investment Partners Ltd raised its stake in shares of Biogen by 1.2% in the third quarter. Intermede Investment Partners Ltd now owns 76,180 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $23,847,000 after buying an additional 917 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of Biogen during the fourth quarter valued at $603,929,000. Country Trust Bank raised its stake in shares of Biogen by 7.7% in the third quarter. Country Trust Bank now owns 89,404 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $27,986,000 after buying an additional 6,360 shares in the last quarter. Finally, First Midwest Bank Trust Division raised its stake in shares of Biogen by 116.4% in the third quarter. First Midwest Bank Trust Division now owns 7,277 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $2,278,000 after buying an additional 3,914 shares in the last quarter. 86.97% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Analysts Expect Biogen Inc (BIIB) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.8 Billion” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/analysts-expect-biogen-inc-biib-will-post-quarterly-sales-of-2-8-billion.html. Biogen Company Profile Biogen Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company focuses on discovering, developing, manufacturing and delivering therapies to people living with serious neurological, rare and autoimmune diseases. The Company markets products, including TECFIDERA, AVONEX, PLEGRIDY, TYSABRI, ZINBRYTA and FAMPYRA for multiple sclerosis (MS), FUMADERM for the treatment of severe plaque psoriasis and SPINRAZA for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Biogen (BIIB) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Biogen Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Biogen Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Apple climbs to record 10:26 May 3, 2017Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk May 3 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street was mixed as investors awaited Apples latest earnings.Wednesday 03 May 2017 07:16 AM While you were sleeping: Apple climbs to record By Margreet Dietz May 3 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street was mixed as investors awaited Apple’s latest earnings. Also, the Federal Open Market Committee began a two-day meeting during which it is not expected to raise interest rates. Investors will eye Wednesday’s post-gathering statement for any clues about the odds of a hike at their June meeting. “The Fed’s outlook is really based on economic fundamentals, and if growth and the labor market trend does not hold up, that could cause the Fed to go slower,’’ Gennadiy Goldberg, an interest-rate strategist at TD Securities in New York, told Bloomberg. “If it heats up, that could cause the Fed to roll off the balance sheet earlier.” In 2.35pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.1 percent. The Nasdaq Composite Index inched 0.01 percent lower. In 2.20pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index added 0.1 percent. Earlier in the day the Nasdaq touched a record high 6,102.72. The Dow rose, as gains in shares of Intel and those of Visa, recently up 1.4 percent and 1.2 percent respectively, outweighed declines of Procter & Gamble and those of JPMorgan Chase, down 1 percent and 0.8 percent respectively. Shares of Apple, which reports its latest quarterly earnings after the market close, traded 0.4 percent stronger as of 2.23pm in New York. The stock touched a record high US$148.09 earlier in the day. And the stock might continue its gains. Active stock fund managers around the world are holding the lowest percentage of Apple shares in their portfolios when compared to the iPhone maker’s overall weighting in indexes, Reuters reported, citing a research note by investment bank UBS. “Active fund managers as a whole continue to underperform their benchmarks and are not going to want to leave a lot of performance on the table if they continue to see this company rally,” Todd Rosenbluth, director of ETF and mutual fund research at CFRA, an independent research firm in New York, told Reuters. While the latest round of US earnings has generally exceeded expectations so far, some disappointed. Archer Daniels Midland, the US agricultural trader, warned that massive global grain stocks are making it difficult to turn a profit trading grain internationally, Reuters reported. ADM shares sank, trading 8.4 percent weaker as of 1.19pm in New York. “We’re working very hard in ag services to continue to improve our operations. We have been or facing a couple of years of very strong headwinds into that business,” ADM Chief Executive Juan Luciano said on a conference call with analysts, according to Reuters. “With ample stocks around the world, there is a very subdued environment for us to make profitable international trades,” Luciano noted. Net profit attributable to ADM rose to US$339 million, or 59 cents per share, in the quarter ended March 31, up from US$230 million, or 39 cents a share, in the same quarter a year earlier, the Chicago-based company said in a statement. Shares of Mosaic also dropped, trading 7.6 percent weaker as of 1.46pm, after the US maker of fertiliser posted quarterly earnings that missed expectations amid lower phosphate and potash prices. Mosaic swung to a net loss attributable to the company of US$900,000 for the quarter ended March 31, compared with a profit of US$256.8 million, a year earlier, it said in a statement. Even so, the company is upbeat about the outlook. “We are seeing positive developments in the phosphates industry following a challenging 2016,” Joc O’Rourke, chief executive officer, said in the statement. “Realised product prices are rising, demand continues to be strong and we believe China is in the process of restructuring its industry.” “For the remainder of 2017, we expect improved margins in our phosphate business as we begin to realise the benefits of improving market conditions and completed plant maintenance,” he noted. In Europe the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.8 percent gain from the previous close. Germany’s DAX Index rose 0.6 percent, as did the UK’s FTSE 100 Index, while France’s CAC40 Index added 0.7 percent. (BusinessDesk) ends Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Targeted Civil Defence warnings direct to your cell phone Time to Investigate Reinstating Wellington-Lyttelton Ferry Bias a big issue for Kiwi organisations Special coastal rights require explanation Kiwi dollar at ‘pretty positive’ level for exporters PGC may take Torchlight case to Supreme Court Loose rock removed from Victoria Park bluff Sydney Show an eye opener for Young Auctioneer UPDATE: NZ jobless rate falls to 4.9% Bed & Breakfast Association Elects New President Fairfax & NZME face difficult decision Talk Geospatial at Techweek‘17 Teletrac Navman Announces Global Integration with PTV Group Auckland to host tourism activity extravaganza Little appetite for Easter Sunday trading Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman While you were sleeping: Apple climbs to record Wednesday, 3 May 2017, 10:26 am Article: BusinessDesk Wednesday 03 May 2017 07:16 AM While you were sleeping: Apple climbs to record By Margreet Dietz May 3 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street was mixed as investors awaited Apple’s latest earnings. Also, the Federal Open Market Committee began a two-day meeting during which it is not expected to raise interest rates. Investors will eye Wednesday’s post-gathering statement for any clues about the odds of a hike at their June meeting. „The Fed’s outlook is really based on economic fundamentals, and if growth and the labor market trend does not hold up, that could cause the Fed to go slower,’’ Gennadiy Goldberg, an interest-rate strategist at TD Securities in New York, told Bloomberg. „If it heats up, that could cause the Fed to roll off the balance sheet earlier.” In 2.35pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.1 percent. The Nasdaq Composite Index inched 0.01 percent lower. In 2.20pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index added 0.1 percent. Earlier in the day the Nasdaq touched a record high 6,102.72. The Dow rose, as gains in shares of Intel and those of Visa, recently up 1.4 percent and 1.2 percent respectively, outweighed declines of Procter & Gamble and those of JPMorgan Chase, down 1 percent and 0.8 percent respectively. Shares of Apple, which reports its latest quarterly earnings after the market close, traded 0.4 percent stronger as of 2.23pm in New York. The stock touched a record high US$148.09 earlier in the day. And the stock might continue its gains. Active stock fund managers around the world are holding the lowest percentage of Apple shares in their portfolios when compared to the iPhone maker’s overall weighting in indexes, Reuters reported, citing a research note by investment bank UBS. „Active fund managers as a whole continue to underperform their benchmarks and are not going to want to leave a lot of performance on the table if they continue to see this company rally,” Todd Rosenbluth, director of ETF and mutual fund research at CFRA, an independent research firm in New York, told Reuters. While the latest round of US earnings has generally exceeded expectations so far, some disappointed. Archer Daniels Midland, the US agricultural trader, warned that massive global grain stocks are making it difficult to turn a profit trading grain internationally, Reuters reported. ADM shares sank, trading 8.4 percent weaker as of 1.19pm in New York. „We’re working very hard in ag services to continue to improve our operations. We have been or facing a couple of years of very strong headwinds into that business,” ADM Chief Executive Juan Luciano said on a conference call with analysts, according to Reuters. „With ample stocks around the world, there is a very subdued environment for us to make profitable international trades,” Luciano noted. Net profit attributable to ADM rose to US$339 million, or 59 cents per share, in the quarter ended March 31, up from US$230 million, or 39 cents a share, in the same quarter a year earlier, the Chicago-based company said in a statement. Shares of Mosaic also dropped, trading 7.6 percent weaker as of 1.46pm, after the US maker of fertiliser posted quarterly earnings that missed expectations amid lower phosphate and potash prices. Mosaic swung to a net loss attributable to the company of US$900,000 for the quarter ended March 31, compared with a profit of US$256.8 million, a year earlier, it said in a statement. Even so, the company is upbeat about the outlook. “We are seeing positive developments in the phosphates industry following a challenging 2016,” Joc O’Rourke, chief executive officer, said in the statement. “Realised product prices are rising, demand continues to be strong and we believe China is in the process of restructuring its industry.” „For the remainder of 2017, we expect improved margins in our phosphate business as we begin to realise the benefits of improving market conditions and completed plant maintenance,” he noted. In Europe the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.8 percent gain from the previous close. Germany’s DAX Index rose 0.6 percent, as did the UK’s FTSE 100 Index, while France’s CAC40 Index added 0.7 percent. (BusinessDesk) ends © Scoop Media Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NZ property values plateau Next PostNext Bastians year as CEO: 12 months of triumphs, tests Search Recent Posts BUYINS.NET: YPF SqueezeTrigger Price is $25.49. There is $80,012,790 That Short Sellers Still Need To Cover. Mattis, Work Welcome Tunisian Minister to Pentagon Mattis, Czech Minister Discuss Defense Collaboration U.S.-Japan-South Korea Hold Trilateral Video-Teleconference Eight Solutions Signs Tech Deal with Prime Focus RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet While you were sleeping: Apple climbs to record Wednesday, 3 May 2017, 10:26 am Article: BusinessDesk Wednesday 03 May 2017 07:16 AM While you were sleeping: Apple climbs to record By Margreet Dietz May 3 (BusinessDesk) - Wall Street was mixed as investors awaited Apple’s latest earnings. Also, the Federal Open Market Committee began a two-day meeting during which it is not expected to raise interest rates. Investors will eye Wednesday’s post-gathering statement for any clues about the odds of a hike at their June meeting. "The Fed's outlook is really based on economic fundamentals, and if growth and the labor market trend does not hold up, that could cause the Fed to go slower,’' Gennadiy Goldberg, an interest-rate strategist at TD Securities in New York, told Bloomberg. "If it heats up, that could cause the Fed to roll off the balance sheet earlier." In 2.35pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.1 percent. The Nasdaq Composite Index inched 0.01 percent lower. In 2.20pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index added 0.1 percent. Earlier in the day the Nasdaq touched a record high 6,102.72. The Dow rose, as gains in shares of Intel and those of Visa, recently up 1.4 percent and 1.2 percent respectively, outweighed declines of Procter & Gamble and those of JPMorgan Chase, down 1 percent and 0.8 percent respectively. Shares of Apple, which reports its latest quarterly earnings after the market close, traded 0.4 percent stronger as of 2.23pm in New York. The stock touched a record high US$148.09 earlier in the day. And the stock might continue its gains. Active stock fund managers around the world are holding the lowest percentage of Apple shares in their portfolios when compared to the iPhone maker's overall weighting in indexes, Reuters reported, citing a research note by investment bank UBS. "Active fund managers as a whole continue to underperform their benchmarks and are not going to want to leave a lot of performance on the table if they continue to see this company rally," Todd Rosenbluth, director of ETF and mutual fund research at CFRA, an independent research firm in New York, told Reuters. While the latest round of US earnings has generally exceeded expectations so far, some disappointed. Archer Daniels Midland, the US agricultural trader, warned that massive global grain stocks are making it difficult to turn a profit trading grain internationally, Reuters reported. ADM shares sank, trading 8.4 percent weaker as of 1.19pm in New York. "We're working very hard in ag services to continue to improve our operations. We have been or facing a couple of years of very strong headwinds into that business," ADM Chief Executive Juan Luciano said on a conference call with analysts, according to Reuters. "With ample stocks around the world, there is a very subdued environment for us to make profitable international trades," Luciano noted. Net profit attributable to ADM rose to US$339 million, or 59 cents per share, in the quarter ended March 31, up from US$230 million, or 39 cents a share, in the same quarter a year earlier, the Chicago-based company said in a statement. Shares of Mosaic also dropped, trading 7.6 percent weaker as of 1.46pm, after the US maker of fertiliser posted quarterly earnings that missed expectations amid lower phosphate and potash prices. Mosaic swung to a net loss attributable to the company of US$900,000 for the quarter ended March 31, compared with a profit of US$256.8 million, a year earlier, it said in a statement. Even so, the company is upbeat about the outlook. “We are seeing positive developments in the phosphates industry following a challenging 2016,” Joc O’Rourke, chief executive officer, said in the statement. “Realised product prices are rising, demand continues to be strong and we believe China is in the process of restructuring its industry.” "For the remainder of 2017, we expect improved margins in our phosphate business as we begin to realise the benefits of improving market conditions and completed plant maintenance,” he noted. In Europe the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.8 percent gain from the previous close. Germany’s DAX Index rose 0.6 percent, as did the UK’s FTSE 100 Index, while France’s CAC40 Index added 0.7 percent. (BusinessDesk) ends © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Wages Lag Inflation: Unemployment Rate Falls To 4.9% New Zealand’s unemployment rate fell more than expected in the first quarter, however the continuing influx of migrants meant the labour force participation rate reached a fresh all-time high and wage inflation remained muted, data from Statistics New Zealand shows. More>> ALSO: Image Statistics NZ - Unemployment under 5 percent as employment grows NZ Govt - Unemployment falls to 4.9 per cent Labour - Wages not keeping up with cost of living Auckland Down, Wellington Up: NZ Property Values Plateau New Zealand property values stalled in the three months through April as tighter credit conditions and restrictions on riskier mortgage lending has seen dwindling sales numbers, says state-owned valuer Quotable Value. More>> ALSO: Quotable Value NZ - Average value for Wellington tops $600,000 Barfoot and Thompson - Falling Auckland House Sales Have Limited Impact On Prices realestate.co.nz - Housing market continues to stabilise Tommy's - Bleak winter ahead for buyers & agents, lack of listings Turley and Co - Napier landlords missing out on buoyant economy Colliers International - Ongoing tourism boom driving up hotel returns Emissions Reduction: Productivity Commission To Look At Low Carbon Economy The Productivity Commission's next big investigation will be how the country can make the most from transitioning to a low carbon economy. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - Productivity Commission to look at low carbon economy Sustainable Business Council - Climate Change Review Another Solid Step Redundancy Payments: Former Pumpkin Patch Employees “Over The Moon” After almost six months of nervous waiting, former distribution centre staff at collapsed children’s retailer Pumpkin Patch are “over the moon” as KordaMentha confirms former staff at Pumpkin Patch Ltd (PPL) will receive their redundancy entitlements up to a $22,160 cap. More>> ALSO: KordaMentha - Pumpkin Patch head office employees to receive entitlements Christchurch: New Lyttelton Cruise Ship Berth To Be Built A new $56 million cruise ship berth will be built in Lyttelton with the plans released by the Lyttelton Port Company today. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - Stadium pre-feasibility study gets green light - New berth gives Christchurch cruise choices National - Korako welcomes Lyttelton Cruise Berth Constructions Builds: Consents Top $2 Billion For The First Time Building consents reached a record $2 billion in March 2017, boosted by new homes and several big non-residential projects, Stats NZ said today. This was up 37 percent compared with March 2016. More>> Other Stats: Statistics NZ - Dairy and lamb to China boost March exports Beef And Lamb NZ - Lamb prices and grass markets define a better second half Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH Bias a big issue for Kiwi organisations 5:02 PM | Diversity Works Kiwi dollar at 'pretty positive' level for exporters 4:36 PM | BusinessDesk PGC may take Torchlight case to Supreme Court 4:33 PM | BusinessDesk Sydney Show an eye opener for Young Auctioneer 4:06 PM | Canterbury A and P Show UPDATE: NZ jobless rate falls to 4.9% 3:44 PM | BusinessDesk Bed & Breakfast Association Elects New President 3:30 PM | Bed and Breakfast Association N... Fairfax & NZME face difficult decision 3:16 PM | Simpson Grierson More   RSS Jumping spiders research a key to robotics 1:02 PM | Environmental Protection Authority International team wins $2 million research grant 11:46 AM | University of Canterbury Blockchain leaders coming to New Zealand 02/05/17 | Blockchain A drier than normal May on the horizon for many 02/05/17 | MetService World Password Day 02/05/17 | Connect Smart Manifesto Launched To Help Advertisers Beat Ad Blockers 02/05/17 | Video Entertainment Netwo... More chilly nights ahead 01/05/17 | MetService More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech Ten things we’ve learnt about this year’s phones 23 Apr | Bill Bennett Xero joins Silicon Valley elite as TCV invests 11:37 PM | Bill Bennett Huawei P10 review: A steady-as-you-go upgrade 17 Apr | Bill Bennett Don Christie says global IT giants all take, no gi... 13 Apr | Bill Bennett Spark, 2degrees unlimited mobile data plans reveal... 9:26 PM | Bill Bennett 2degrees Data Clock sells bytes by the hour 10 Apr | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher Targeted Civil Defence warnings direct to your cel... 5:26 PM | admin Time to Investigate Reinstating Wellington-Lyttelt... 5:24 PM | admin Bias a big issue for Kiwi organisations 5:02 PM | admin Special coastal rights require explanation 4:49 PM | admin Kiwi dollar at ‘pretty positive’ level for exporte... 4:36 PM | admin PGC may take Torchlight case to Supreme Court 4:33 PM | admin Loose rock removed from Victoria Park bluff 4:23 PM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News Finance NZ & AUS Shares Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     View: DESKTOP | MOBILE Scoop Contact About Services Newsagent Connect Submit News Social Media Scoop Network Ethical Paywall Accredited Orgs. Licensing Terms of Use © Scoop Media  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance NTT Docomo Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for NTT Docomo Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News NTT Docomo Inc (DCM) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Chesapeake Utilities Co. (CPK) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Fidelity & Guaranty Life (FGL) Declares $0.07 Quarterly Dividend Otter Tail Co. (OTTR) Plans $0.32 Quarterly Dividend ONE Gas Inc (OGS) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.42 Span-America Medical Systems, Inc. (SPAN) Declares $0.16 Quarterly Dividend $0.55 EPS Expected for INC Research Holdings Inc (INCR) This Quarter $0.36 Earnings Per Share Expected for Associated Banc Corp (ASB) This Quarter Bellicum Pharmaceuticals Inc (BLCM) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.67 Per Share Blackrock Corporate High Yield Fund Inc (HYT) Director Cynthia Egan Acquires 4,500 Shares of Stock Orbital ATK Inc (OA) Director Harrison H. Schmitt Sells 1,000 Shares Mogo Finance Technology Inc (MOGO) Insider Michael A. Wekerle Acquires 20,000 Shares of Stock Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (BDGE) Director Dennis A. Suskind Sells 3,000 Shares Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect BlackRock (BLK) Stock Price Build-A-Bear Workshop (BBW) Receives News Sentiment Rating of 0.11 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Tableau Software (DATA) Stock Price VAALCO Energy (EGY) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.30 Geneva Advisors LLC Purchases 6,140 Shares of Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Private Capital Management Inc. Sells 2,500 Shares of Agree Realty Co. (ADC) Geneva Advisors LLC Purchases 67,412 Shares of DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) NTT Docomo Inc (DCM) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet NTT Docomo Inc (NYSE:DCM) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note issued on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “NTT DoCoMo is the world’s leading mobile communications company. The company provides a wide variety of leading-edge mobile multimedia services. These include i-mode, the world’s most popular mobile Internet service, which provides e-mail and Internet access, and FOMA, launched in 2001 as the world’s first 3G mobile service. The company is expanding its global reach through strategic joint ventures and other alliances with mobile and multimedia service providers in the Asia-Pacific region, Europe and North America. “ Other equities analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. Cantor Fitzgerald downgraded shares of NTT Docomo from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, April 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of NTT Docomo from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. Shares of NTT Docomo (NYSE:DCM) traded up 0.42% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $24.13. 208,596 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $23.85 and its 200-day moving average is $23.66. NTT Docomo has a 12 month low of $21.96 and a 12 month high of $28.43. The stock has a market cap of $89.41 billion, a PE ratio of 15.01 and a beta of 0.18. NTT Docomo (NYSE:DCM) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The technology company reported $0.15 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.20 by $0.05. NTT Docomo had a net margin of 14.11% and a return on equity of 12.22%. The company had revenue of $9.81 billion for the quarter. On average, analysts anticipate that NTT Docomo will post $1.56 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/ntt-docomo-inc-dcm-cut-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Sei Investments Co. raised its stake in shares of NTT Docomo by 42.3% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 4,724 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $120,000 after buying an additional 1,405 shares in the last quarter. Creative Planning raised its stake in shares of NTT Docomo by 1.4% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 8,215 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $192,000 after buying an additional 112 shares in the last quarter. First Republic Investment Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of NTT Docomo by 2.7% in the fourth quarter. First Republic Investment Management Inc. now owns 9,830 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $224,000 after buying an additional 259 shares in the last quarter. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC raised its stake in shares of NTT Docomo by 3.8% in the third quarter. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC now owns 15,576 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $396,000 after buying an additional 567 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Parallel Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of NTT Docomo during the fourth quarter worth approximately $369,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 0.51% of the company’s stock. NTT Docomo Company Profile NTT DOCOMO, INC. (DOCOMO) is a mobile telecommunications carrier. The Company operates through three segments: telecommunications business, smart life business and other businesses. The telecommunications business segment includes mobile phone services (long-term evolution (LTE) (Xi) services and freedom of mobile multimedia access (FOMA) services), optical-fiber broadband service, satellite mobile communications services, international services and equipment sales related to these services. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on NTT Docomo (DCM) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for NTT Docomo Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NTT Docomo Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Markets One day, a machine will smell whether you're sick Business Standard Wall Street elite find it hard to bank on Donald Trump's breakup talk Few people at the event in Beverly Hilton Hotel appeared to take comment seriously Reuters  |  New York  May 3, 2017 Last Updated at 03:32 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVd4p3 A souvenir license plate is seen outside the New York Stock Exchange in Manhattan, New York. Photo: Reuters ALSO READ Donald Trump nominates Elaine Chao as transportation secretary Trump team considering Dimon for treasury secretary Trump to tap former banker Mnuchin as Treasury Secretary Markets pare gains to turn flat even as global markets rise Wall Street gains across sectors ahead of Donald Trump's inauguration At an annual gathering of the world's most powerful thinkers and trendsetters in Beverly Hills this week, business leaders and major investors said they have gotten used to dismissing most things that President Donald Trump says or tweets. On panels at the Milken Institute Global Conference, CEOs and billionaires were generally enthusiastic about Trump's mission to reform healthcare, cut taxes, reduce regulations and stimulate the economy. Panelists including JPMorgan Chase & Co CEO Jamie Dimon and hedge fund billionaire Ken Griffin offered positive remarks about the president and urged attendees to give him more time to accomplish such sizeable goals. But in interviews on the sidelines, the Wall Street set was far more dubious that Trump can get anything done. "I don't take Trump seriously," said a senior executive at one of the country's six largest banks. "I'm listening less and less." Like most who wanted to share their more candid views privately, the executive spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid angering the president, his employer or business associates. But his comments were echoed by at least a dozen institutional investors and bank executives who spoke to Reuters. While they remain hopeful Trump will be able to get reforms through Congress, the lack of progress combined with conflicting messages coming out of the administration make it hard to put faith in anything, they said. Several cited comments on Monday from Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who joked on a panel that bank investors should thank him for boosting share prices. Hours later, Bloomberg News published an interview with Trump, in which said he was considering breaking up the country's biggest banks - an idea that is an anathema to shareholders of lenders like JPMorgan, Bank of America Corp or Citigroup Inc. However, few people at the event in the Beverly Hilton Hotel appeared to take the comment seriously. "Until it's signed into law, you can't bank on it," said Aaron Cutler, a regulatory lawyer at Hogan Lovells who lobbies Congress on behalf of banks and hedge funds and was milling about on a sunny terrace. He said his clients are not yet acting on anything the administration says. A report last week by PwC's financial services regulatory practice echoed that view. Despite Trump's talk of quick action, PwC predicts his executive orders will "yield few results," that plans to repeal a package of financial regulations called Dodd-Frank will not happen, and that any change in Washington will be slow due to a lack of consensus, a slothy appointments process and upcoming midterm elections. A spokeswoman for Trump did not return a request for comment for this article by publication time. Even as Wall Street honchos privately disregard the administration's mixed messages, they were rubbing shoulders with top White House officials around the event and afterwards at swanky parties. Among the guests at one evening soiree was a cheetah from the San Diego Zoo. In addition to Mnuchin, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos were all featured speakers at the Milken conference. Each has a background in business or finance, something other conference-goers found encouraging. Ultimately, some said, they have to consider whether Trump is making a statement to win political points or because he truly wants to accomplish a goal. If the former, his remarks can be more easily dismissed, they said. The head of a multi-billion-dollar hedge fund firm said the situation has become "a Rorschach test" where people celebrate or shrug off Trump's comments depending on what they want to see. Sir Michael Hintze, the founder of $12.5 billion investment firm CQS, said people are being too hard on the president. Trump may have a different style because he is not a politician by nature, but has his heart in the right place, Hintze said. "I'm pretty constructive about the whole thing," he said. "Everyone was there to hate him, (but) Trump's a decent man." Read More On Wall Street | Donald Trump | Markets | Milken Institute Global Conference | Jamie Dimon | Elaine Chao | International PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Wall Street elite find it hard to bank on Donald Trump's breakup talk Few people at the event in Beverly Hilton Hotel appeared to take comment seriously Few people at the event in Beverly Hilton Hotel appeared to take comment seriously At an annual gathering of the world's most powerful thinkers and trendsetters in Beverly Hills this week, business leaders and major investors said they have gotten used to dismissing most things that President Donald Trump says or tweets. On panels at the Milken Institute Global Conference, CEOs and billionaires were generally enthusiastic about Trump's mission to reform healthcare, cut taxes, reduce regulations and stimulate the economy. Panelists including JPMorgan Chase & Co CEO Jamie Dimon and hedge fund billionaire Ken Griffin offered positive remarks about the president and urged attendees to give him more time to accomplish such sizeable goals. But in interviews on the sidelines, the Wall Street set was far more dubious that Trump can get anything done. "I don't take Trump seriously," said a senior executive at one of the country's six largest banks. "I'm listening less and less." Like most who wanted to share their more candid views privately, the executive spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid angering the president, his employer or business associates. But his comments were echoed by at least a dozen institutional investors and bank executives who spoke to Reuters. While they remain hopeful Trump will be able to get reforms through Congress, the lack of progress combined with conflicting messages coming out of the administration make it hard to put faith in anything, they said. Several cited comments on Monday from Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who joked on a panel that bank investors should thank him for boosting share prices. Hours later, Bloomberg News published an interview with Trump, in which said he was considering breaking up the country's biggest banks - an idea that is an anathema to shareholders of lenders like JPMorgan, Bank of America Corp or Citigroup Inc. However, few people at the event in the Beverly Hilton Hotel appeared to take the comment seriously. "Until it's signed into law, you can't bank on it," said Aaron Cutler, a regulatory lawyer at Hogan Lovells who lobbies Congress on behalf of banks and hedge funds and was milling about on a sunny terrace. He said his clients are not yet acting on anything the administration says. A report last week by PwC's financial services regulatory practice echoed that view. Despite Trump's talk of quick action, PwC predicts his executive orders will "yield few results," that plans to repeal a package of financial regulations called Dodd-Frank will not happen, and that any change in Washington will be slow due to a lack of consensus, a slothy appointments process and upcoming midterm elections. A spokeswoman for Trump did not return a request for comment for this article by publication time. Even as Wall Street honchos privately disregard the administration's mixed messages, they were rubbing shoulders with top White House officials around the event and afterwards at swanky parties. Among the guests at one evening soiree was a cheetah from the San Diego Zoo. In addition to Mnuchin, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos were all featured speakers at the Milken conference. Each has a background in business or finance, something other conference-goers found encouraging. Ultimately, some said, they have to consider whether Trump is making a statement to win political points or because he truly wants to accomplish a goal. If the former, his remarks can be more easily dismissed, they said. The head of a multi-billion-dollar hedge fund firm said the situation has become "a Rorschach test" where people celebrate or shrug off Trump's comments depending on what they want to see. Sir Michael Hintze, the founder of $12.5 billion investment firm CQS, said people are being too hard on the president. Trump may have a different style because he is not a politician by nature, but has his heart in the right place, Hintze said. "I'm pretty constructive about the whole thing," he said. "Everyone was there to hate him, (but) Trump's a decent man." Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wall Street elite find it hard to bank on Donald Trump's breakup talk Few people at the event in Beverly Hilton Hotel appeared to take comment seriously At an annual gathering of the world's most powerful thinkers and trendsetters in Beverly Hills this week, business leaders and major investors said they have gotten used to dismissing most things that President Donald Trump says or tweets. On panels at the Milken Institute Global Conference, CEOs and billionaires were generally enthusiastic about Trump's mission to reform healthcare, cut taxes, reduce regulations and stimulate the economy. Panelists including JPMorgan Chase & Co CEO Jamie Dimon and hedge fund billionaire Ken Griffin offered positive remarks about the president and urged attendees to give him more time to accomplish such sizeable goals. But in interviews on the sidelines, the Wall Street set was far more dubious that Trump can get anything done. "I don't take Trump seriously," said a senior executive at one of the country's six largest banks. "I'm listening less and less." Like most who wanted to share their more candid views privately, the executive spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid angering the president, his employer or business associates. But his comments were echoed by at least a dozen institutional investors and bank executives who spoke to Reuters. While they remain hopeful Trump will be able to get reforms through Congress, the lack of progress combined with conflicting messages coming out of the administration make it hard to put faith in anything, they said. Several cited comments on Monday from Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who joked on a panel that bank investors should thank him for boosting share prices. Hours later, Bloomberg News published an interview with Trump, in which said he was considering breaking up the country's biggest banks - an idea that is an anathema to shareholders of lenders like JPMorgan, Bank of America Corp or Citigroup Inc. However, few people at the event in the Beverly Hilton Hotel appeared to take the comment seriously. "Until it's signed into law, you can't bank on it," said Aaron Cutler, a regulatory lawyer at Hogan Lovells who lobbies Congress on behalf of banks and hedge funds and was milling about on a sunny terrace. He said his clients are not yet acting on anything the administration says. A report last week by PwC's financial services regulatory practice echoed that view. Despite Trump's talk of quick action, PwC predicts his executive orders will "yield few results," that plans to repeal a package of financial regulations called Dodd-Frank will not happen, and that any change in Washington will be slow due to a lack of consensus, a slothy appointments process and upcoming midterm elections. A spokeswoman for Trump did not return a request for comment for this article by publication time. Even as Wall Street honchos privately disregard the administration's mixed messages, they were rubbing shoulders with top White House officials around the event and afterwards at swanky parties. Among the guests at one evening soiree was a cheetah from the San Diego Zoo. In addition to Mnuchin, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos were all featured speakers at the Milken conference. Each has a background in business or finance, something other conference-goers found encouraging. Ultimately, some said, they have to consider whether Trump is making a statement to win political points or because he truly wants to accomplish a goal. If the former, his remarks can be more easily dismissed, they said. The head of a multi-billion-dollar hedge fund firm said the situation has become "a Rorschach test" where people celebrate or shrug off Trump's comments depending on what they want to see. Sir Michael Hintze, the founder of $12.5 billion investment firm CQS, said people are being too hard on the president. Trump may have a different style because he is not a politician by nature, but has his heart in the right place, Hintze said. "I'm pretty constructive about the whole thing," he said. "Everyone was there to hate him, (but) Trump's a decent man." Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. Announces Closing of Offering of $517.5 Million of Convertible Senior Notes SAN DIEGO, May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ: NBIX) announced today that it has completed its previously announced private offering of $517.5 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.25% convertible senior notes due 2024 (the "notes"), which includes $67.5 million aggregate principal amount of notes that were sold pursuant to the exercise of the initial purchasers' option to purchase additional notes.  The notes were sold to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act").  The net proceeds from the offering, after deducting the initial purchasers' discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by Neurocrine, were approximately $502.2 million. Jefferies LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Leerink Partners LLC acted as joint book-running managers for the offering, and Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated and H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC acted as co-managers for the offering.  Evercore Group L.L.C. acted as Neurocrine's financial advisor for the offering.   The notes are senior unsecured obligations of Neurocrine.  Neurocrine intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include commercialization expenses, clinical trial and other research and development expenses, capital expenditures, working capital and general and administrative expenses. The offer and sale of the notes and the shares, if any, issuable upon conversion of the notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws, and the notes and such shares may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the notes or any shares issuable upon conversion of the notes, nor shall there be any sale of the notes or such shares, in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. About Neurocrine Biosciences Neurocrine Biosciences is a San Diego based biotechnology company focused on neurologic, psychiatric and endocrine related disorders. In April of 2017 the FDA approved INGREZZATM (valbenazine) capsules for the treatment of adults with tardive dyskinesia (TD).  INGREZZA is a novel, selective vesicular monoamine transporter 2 (VMAT2) inhibitor, and is the first and only FDA-approved product indicated for the treatment of adults with TD.  The Company markets INGREZZA in the United States. The Company's three late-stage clinical programs are: elagolix, a gonadotropin-releasing hormone antagonist for women's health that is partnered with AbbVie Inc.; opicapone, a novel, once-daily, peripherally-acting, highly-selective catechol-o-methyltransferase inhibitor under investigation as adjunct therapy to levodopa in Parkinson's patients; and INGREZZA™ (valbenazine), a novel, once-daily, selective VMAT2 inhibitor under investigation for the treatment of Tourette Syndrome. Forward-Looking Statements In addition to historical facts, this press release contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties such as those, among others, relating to Neurocrine's expectations with respect to the application of the net proceeds from the offering.  Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements are risks and uncertainties associated with market conditions, as well as risks and uncertainties associated with Neurocrine's business and finances in general, and the other risks described in Neurocrine's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016.  Neurocrine undertakes no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release after the date hereof.   SOURCE Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBiotechnology, Health Care/Hospitals, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, Offerings, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Floor & Decor Holdings, Inc. Announces Closing of Initial Public Offering Next PostNext Soft Gelatin Capsules Market Research, Growth Opportunities, Analysis and Forecasts Report 2016-2021 Search Recent Posts Brush Cutter Market 2017 – Global Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share Guarana 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 8.18% and Forecast to 2021 Global Bilirubin Blood Test Market to Reach Valued at $ 1,853.2 Million and Grow at a 5.44% CAGR Forecast to 2022 Global Cut Resistant Gloves Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 Global Dental CAM Milling Machine Market to Reach Valued at $1,415.6 Million and Grow at a 7.2% CAGR Forecast to 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/etf-flyer-greece-and-brazil-are-shaping-up-1493758431 Focus on Funds ETF Flyer: Greece and Brazil Are Shaping Up The Global X MSCI Greece ETF and the iShares MSCI Brazile Capped ETF were Tuesday's highest flyers. By Crystal Kim May 2, 2017 4:53 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Tuesday's highest-flyers were Greece and Brazil stock exchange-traded funds. The Global X MSCI Greece ETF (GREK) gained 3.8% and the iShares MSCI Brazil Capped ETF (EWZ) 2.2%. Both the real and euro rose against the U.S. dollar. Markets cheered as Greece sealed the deal with creditors to get another 7 billion euros ($7.6 billion). In exchange, Greece promised to raise taxes and continue cutting pensions and spending. The reason behind EWZ's rally is a bit of a mystery. Though, investors are reportedly hot for junk bonds issued by Brazilian banks. Looking at the EWZ's underlying basket of stocks, major banks do seem to behind the recent surge. The ETF has a near 40% exposure to financial services companies. JPMorgan's Cassiana Fernandez in a note published Friday said that the Brazilian government's passing labor reform was a big step for the country. She wrote: The government achieved an important victory by passing the labor reform in the Lower House with a solid majority of 296 votes to 177 (only a simple majority, or 257 votes, was needed). We think the reform is a positive because it should reduce labor market rigidity and boost productivity. This vote could be an important indication that the government has the support required to approve the pension reform. However, we believe these votes may not automatically transfer to the pension reform since the labor reform faced much less resistance in Congress. Furthermore, the government has not reached the minimum 308 votes required in the Lower House to approve the pension reform. Against this backdrop, the government continues to discuss postponing the votes in the special committee—now scheduled for May 3—and on the Lower House floor, where the proposal was expected to be voted on May 8, but now could be delayed to the second half of May. Text Size Regular Medium Large GLOBAL X MSCI GREECE ETF ISHARES MSCI BRAZIL CAPPED ETF Crystal Kim crystal.kim@barrons.com • @crystalkimmm PREVIOUS Go Robo or Die!!! NEXT ETF Flopper: Crude Oil is the Biggest Loser...for Now Most Popular AMD Investors Should Keep Faith Amid Carnage Why a T-Mobile Deal Could Happen Soon Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. Announces Closing of Offering of $517.5 Million of Convertible Senior Notes News provided by Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. 02 May, 2017, 17:04 ET Share this article SAN DIEGO, May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ: NBIX) announced today that it has completed its previously announced private offering of $517.5 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.25% convertible senior notes due 2024 (the "notes"), which includes $67.5 million aggregate principal amount of notes that were sold pursuant to the exercise of the initial purchasers' option to purchase additional notes.  The notes were sold to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act").  The net proceeds from the offering, after deducting the initial purchasers' discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by Neurocrine, were approximately $502.2 million. Jefferies LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Leerink Partners LLC acted as joint book-running managers for the offering, and Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated and H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC acted as co-managers for the offering.  Evercore Group L.L.C. acted as Neurocrine's financial advisor for the offering.   The notes are senior unsecured obligations of Neurocrine.  Neurocrine intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include commercialization expenses, clinical trial and other research and development expenses, capital expenditures, working capital and general and administrative expenses. The offer and sale of the notes and the shares, if any, issuable upon conversion of the notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws, and the notes and such shares may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the notes or any shares issuable upon conversion of the notes, nor shall there be any sale of the notes or such shares, in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. About Neurocrine Biosciences Neurocrine Biosciences is a San Diego based biotechnology company focused on neurologic, psychiatric and endocrine related disorders. In April of 2017 the FDA approved INGREZZATM (valbenazine) capsules for the treatment of adults with tardive dyskinesia (TD).  INGREZZA is a novel, selective vesicular monoamine transporter 2 (VMAT2) inhibitor, and is the first and only FDA-approved product indicated for the treatment of adults with TD.  The Company markets INGREZZA in the United States. The Company's three late-stage clinical programs are: elagolix, a gonadotropin-releasing hormone antagonist for women's health that is partnered with AbbVie Inc.; opicapone, a novel, once-daily, peripherally-acting, highly-selective catechol-o-methyltransferase inhibitor under investigation as adjunct therapy to levodopa in Parkinson's patients; and INGREZZA™ (valbenazine), a novel, once-daily, selective VMAT2 inhibitor under investigation for the treatment of Tourette Syndrome. Forward-Looking Statements In addition to historical facts, this press release contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties such as those, among others, relating to Neurocrine's expectations with respect to the application of the net proceeds from the offering.  Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements are risks and uncertainties associated with market conditions, as well as risks and uncertainties associated with Neurocrine's business and finances in general, and the other risks described in Neurocrine's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016.  Neurocrine undertakes no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release after the date hereof.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/neurocrine-biosciences-inc-announces-closing-of-offering-of-5175-million-of-convertible-senior-notes-300450052.html SOURCE Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. Related Links http://www.neurocrine.com 26 Apr, 2017, 18:48 ET Preview: Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. Prices $450.0 Million Convertible Senior Notes Offering My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 25 Apr, 2017, 16:01 ET Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. Prices $450.0 Million Convertible... 25 Apr, 2017, 16:01 ET Neurocrine Announces Proposed Convertible Senior Notes Offering Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Stock Offering You just read: Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. Announces Closing of Offering of $517.5 Million of Convertible Senior Notes News provided by Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. 02 May, 2017, 17:04 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Roper Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pinnacle Foods Inc (PF) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Schneider National Inc (SNDR) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Wolfe Research Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Given a $26.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Given New $237.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Advisory Services Network LLC Invests $543,000 in Universal Display Co. (OLED) Wright Investors Service Inc. Sells 900 Shares of MEDNAX Inc (MD) CA, Inc. (CA) Position Raised by Montrusco Bolton Investments Inc. 30,287 Shares in Vector Group Ltd (VGR) Acquired by Advisory Services Network LLC 15,766 Shares in Oaktree Capital Group LLC (OAK) Acquired by Advisory Services Network LLC PG&E Co. (PCG) Position Boosted by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Shares Bought by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. SPC Financial Inc. Boosts Position in Dollar General Corp. (DG) Wright Investors Service Inc. Has $292,000 Position in Albemarle Co. (ALB) Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Increases Stake in Willis Towers Watson PLC (WLTW) Advisory Services Network LLC Acquires Shares of 11,297 W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Advisory Services Network LLC Invests $814,000 in Lendingtree Inc (TREE) Aquamarine Capital Management LLC Has $2,801,000 Position in Moody's Co. (MCO) Royal Bank of Canada (RY) Shares Sold by Montrusco Bolton Investments Inc. Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Given New $237.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP) had its price objective lifted by Barclays PLC from $221.00 to $237.00 in a research report released on Monday morning. The brokerage currently has an overweight rating on the industrial products company’s stock. ROP has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Royal Bank of Canada restated a buy rating and issued a $214.00 price objective on shares of Roper Technologies in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Citigroup Inc upgraded shares of Roper Technologies to an outperform rating and set a $225.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Friday, January 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Roper Technologies from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and increased their price objective for the company from $177.00 to $219.00 in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Roper Technologies from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $205.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, Argus upgraded shares of Roper Technologies from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $235.00 target price for the company in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $226.56. Shares of Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) traded up 0.21% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $217.23. 556,822 shares of the company were exchanged. Roper Technologies has a one year low of $159.28 and a one year high of $225.57. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $209.58 and its 200-day moving average is $193.48. The stock has a market cap of $22.13 billion, a PE ratio of 33.78 and a beta of 0.87. Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday, April 28th. The industrial products company reported $2.11 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.99 by $0.12. Roper Technologies had a net margin of 17.38% and a return on equity of 11.97%. The company earned $1.09 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.09 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $1.81 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 20.4% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts anticipate that Roper Technologies will post $9.20 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/roper-technologies-inc-rop-given-new-237-00-price-target-at-barclays-plc.html. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 21st. Investors of record on Friday, April 7th were given a dividend of $0.35 per share. This represents a $1.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.64%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, April 5th. Roper Technologies’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 21.77%. In related news, Director Christopher Wright sold 1,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $207.18, for a total transaction of $207,180.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 66,404 shares in the company, valued at approximately $13,757,580.72. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Company insiders own 2.50% of the company’s stock. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in ROP. Conning Inc. boosted its stake in Roper Technologies by 1.1% in the third quarter. Conning Inc. now owns 2,648 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $483,000 after buying an additional 30 shares during the last quarter. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc boosted its stake in Roper Technologies by 11.7% in the third quarter. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc now owns 3,611 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $659,000 after buying an additional 379 shares during the last quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Roper Technologies by 1.6% in the third quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 31,500 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $5,748,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the last quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can boosted its stake in Roper Technologies by 2.0% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 69,536 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $12,674,000 after buying an additional 1,340 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. boosted its stake in Roper Technologies by 3.3% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 15,629 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $2,852,000 after buying an additional 506 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 97.47% of the company’s stock. Roper Technologies Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Roper Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schneider National Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider National Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pinnacle Foods Inc (PF) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Schneider National Inc (SNDR) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Wolfe Research Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Given a $26.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Given New $237.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Advisory Services Network LLC Invests $543,000 in Universal Display Co. (OLED) Wright Investors Service Inc. Sells 900 Shares of MEDNAX Inc (MD) CA, Inc. (CA) Position Raised by Montrusco Bolton Investments Inc. 30,287 Shares in Vector Group Ltd (VGR) Acquired by Advisory Services Network LLC 15,766 Shares in Oaktree Capital Group LLC (OAK) Acquired by Advisory Services Network LLC PG&E Co. (PCG) Position Boosted by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Shares Bought by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. SPC Financial Inc. Boosts Position in Dollar General Corp. (DG) Wright Investors Service Inc. Has $292,000 Position in Albemarle Co. (ALB) Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Increases Stake in Willis Towers Watson PLC (WLTW) Advisory Services Network LLC Acquires Shares of 11,297 W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Advisory Services Network LLC Invests $814,000 in Lendingtree Inc (TREE) Aquamarine Capital Management LLC Has $2,801,000 Position in Moody's Co. (MCO) Royal Bank of Canada (RY) Shares Sold by Montrusco Bolton Investments Inc. Schneider National Inc (SNDR) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Wolfe Research May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wolfe Research assumed coverage on shares of Schneider National Inc (NASDAQ:SNDR) in a research note published on Monday morning. The firm issued a market perform rating on the stock. SNDR has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Robert W. Baird assumed coverage on Schneider National in a research report on Monday. They issued an outperform rating and a $22.00 target price on the stock. Wells Fargo & Co assumed coverage on Schneider National in a research report on Monday. They issued an outperform rating on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG assumed coverage on Schneider National in a research report on Monday. They issued an outperform rating and a $24.00 target price on the stock. Stephens assumed coverage on Schneider National in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. They issued an equal weight rating and a $18.00 target price on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Schneider National in a research report on Monday. They issued an overweight rating and a $22.00 target price on the stock. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. Schneider National currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $22.14. Shares of Schneider National (NASDAQ:SNDR) traded up 0.42% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $19.17. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,389,050 shares. Schneider National has a one year low of $18.41 and a one year high of $20.10. The firm has a market cap of $199.77 million and a price-to-earnings ratio of 0.64. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $18.98 and its 200 day moving average price is $18.98. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/schneider-national-inc-sndr-coverage-initiated-by-analysts-at-wolfe-research.html. In other news, major shareholder Donald J. Schneider 2000 Trust sold 2,105,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $19.00, for a total transaction of $39,995,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 723,190 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $13,740,610. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Schneider National Company Profile Schneider National, Inc is a provider of transportation, logistics and related services. The Company’s transportation solutions include one-way, intermodal, dedicated, bulk, transport management, trans loading services, international services and Schneider payment services. Its supply chain management and consulting services include logistics solution design, global supply chain services, enterprise and market entry assistance, and sourcing and compliance. Receive News & Ratings for Schneider National Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider National Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Politics | Entertainment | Arts | Lifestyle | Business | Health | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Business Technology Startups Internet Culture Media Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Subscribe to Newsletters NJ’s Menendez Makes Case Against Clayton for SEC Chair on Senate Floor By JT Aregood • 05/02/17 5:17pm U.S. Senator Bob Menendez made his case against Jay Clayton, President Trump’s choice to head the SEC. Facebook U.S. Sen. Bob Menendez will be voting against President Trump’s nominee to lead the Securities and Exchange Commission and gave a floor speech Tuesday saying Jay Clayton was too close to the financial industry he would be regulating. Clayton, a partner at the law firm Sullivan and Cromwell, has represented Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks. Menendez said his record with Goldman and as an adviser to Bear Sterns during its 2007 sale of JPMorgan Chase made him unfit for the SEC job. “The SEC is our government’s cop on the Wall Street beat,” Menendez said, adding that SEC regulators “turned a blind eye” to the risks and corporate misconduct that preceded the Great Recession. “This administration wants to give the keys to the castle to one of Wall Street’s most loyal guardians,” he continued. The SEC currently has only two commissioners. The Senate took a procedural vote on Monday in favor of confirming Clayton, coming down 60-36 in favor of ending the debate over his appointment. Trump in a statement during the transition called Clayton the right man for the job of unwinding regulations. “We need to undo many regulations which have stifled investment in American businesses, and restore oversight of the financial industry in a way that does not harm American workers,” he said. SEE ALSO: Chamber Trip: Menendez Even-Keeled on Trump SCOTUS Pick, Harsh on Diplomatic Tack New Jersey Politics Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance LKQ Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hibbett Sports, Inc. (HIBB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong Sell” Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc (INO) Given Neutral Rating at BNP Paribas Abaxis Inc (ABAX) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Upgraded by FBN Securities to Outperform Mercer International Inc. (MERC) Receives Hold Rating from TD Securities LKQ Co. (LKQ) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Endo International plc -‘s (ENDP) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at BMO Capital Markets Threshold Pharmaceuticals (THLD) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.13 Tenneco (TEN) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Teledyne Technologies (TDY) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.21 TiVo Corp (TIVO) Given Media Impact Score of 0.22 TigerLogic Corp. (TIGR) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS Advisor Partners LLC Boosts Stake in Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Cookson Peirce & Co. Inc. Has $6.395 Million Stake in Progressive Corp (PGR) Tesoro Co. (TSO) Shares Bought by Advisor Partners LLC Wright Investors Service Inc. Boosts Stake in Shire PLC (SHPG) Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Shares Bought by Advisor Partners LLC Wright Investors Service Inc. Increases Stake in Progressive Corp (PGR) Thomas Story & Son LLC Purchases 4,925 Shares of Gentex Co. (GNTX) LKQ Co. (LKQ) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report published on Monday morning. According to Zacks, “LKQ Corp’s first-quarter 2017 adjusted earnings from continuing operations and revenues beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate. Both figures also rose year over year. The company is focusing on lowering operational costs and expanding through acquisitions. Moreover, LKQ Corp is aiming to increase its footprint in Europe. The company also provided an upbeat guidance for 2017. However, the company is facing challenges due to lower gross margins and currency headwinds. In addition, the Andrew Page acquisition has been adversely impacting the company, lowering earnings in the last reported quarter. The company has also underperformed the Zacks categorized Auto/Truck-Replacement Parts industry in the last three months. “ Several other research analysts have also issued reports on LKQ. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on LKQ in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an overweight rating and a $41.00 target price on the stock. William Blair reaffirmed an outperform rating on shares of LKQ in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $37.00 target price on shares of LKQ in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, FBR & Co reaffirmed an outperform rating and set a $41.00 target price (up from $40.00) on shares of LKQ in a research report on Friday. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. LKQ has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of $39.25. Shares of LKQ (NASDAQ:LKQ) traded up 0.06% during trading on Monday, hitting $31.46. The stock had a trading volume of 2,100,225 shares. LKQ has a 12 month low of $27.85 and a 12 month high of $36.35. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $29.35 and a 200 day moving average price of $31.33. The company has a market cap of $9.70 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.03 and a beta of 0.51. LKQ (NASDAQ:LKQ) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The auto parts company reported $0.49 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.46 by $0.03. LKQ had a return on equity of 16.41% and a net margin of 5.48%. The company had revenue of $2.34 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.31 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.42 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 21.9% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that LKQ will post $1.87 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/lkq-co-lkq-upgraded-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other news, EVP John S. Quinn sold 8,522 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $31.67, for a total value of $269,891.74. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 269,197 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $8,525,468.99. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Robert L. Wagman sold 30,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 26th. The shares were sold at an average price of $30.13, for a total value of $903,900.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 319,380 shares in the company, valued at $9,622,919.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 1.30% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Conning Inc. purchased a new position in shares of LKQ during the third quarter worth $216,000. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc raised its position in shares of LKQ by 2.6% in the third quarter. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc now owns 17,893 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $634,000 after buying an additional 456 shares in the last quarter. K.J. Harrison & Partners Inc raised its position in shares of LKQ by 100.0% in the third quarter. K.J. Harrison & Partners Inc now owns 20,000 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $709,000 after buying an additional 10,000 shares in the last quarter. Bank of The West purchased a new position in shares of LKQ during the third quarter worth $1,114,000. Finally, Coyle Financial Counsel LLC raised its position in shares of LKQ by 3.2% in the third quarter. Coyle Financial Counsel LLC now owns 80,027 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $2,645,000 after buying an additional 2,476 shares in the last quarter. 88.66% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About LKQ LKQ Corporation (LKQ) is a distributor of vehicle products, including replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, as well as specialty vehicle products and accessories, and automotive glass products. The Company’s segments include Wholesale-North America; Europe; Specialty, and Self Service. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on LKQ (LKQ) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for LKQ Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,950 +36.43 +0.17% Nasdaq 6,095 +3.76 +0.06% S&P 500 2,391 +2.84 +0.12% 3:05 A.M. ET Novo Nordisk rises 3.9% after Q1 earnings beat forecasts 3:04 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% lower at 12,494.64 3:03 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% lower at 5,296.46 3:03 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% lower at 7,231.50 3:02 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 388.83 2:47 A.M. ET Marks & Spencer names Jill McDonald nonfood chief 2:46 A.M. ET Imperial's profit boosted by investment gains 2:45 A.M. ET Greek austerity deal opens up path out of bailout 2:44 A.M. ET Oil slump has hit Saudi Arabia's spending: Prince 2:42 A.M. ET Peugeot and NuTonomy to test self-driving SUV 2:41 A.M. ET Hugo Boss profit up 25% amid cost cuts 2:40 A.M. ET Sage pretax profit rises; lifts dividend 2:39 A.M. ET Paddy Power Betfair profit up 87% on pound's drop 2:38 A.M. ET ITV CEO Adam Crozier to step down 2:37 A.M. ET Novo Nordisk earnings beat views; narrows guidance 2:36 A.M. ET Sainsbury's cuts dividend as full-year sales fall 2:36 A.M. ET What to watch in Shell's earnings: Profit in focus 1:53 A.M. ET Solvay beats forecasts, upbeat on 2017 1:53 A.M. ET LafargeHolcim comparable sales, net income rise 1:52 A.M. ET Fresenius posts double-digit sales, earnings rise Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Fannie Mae Prices $1.371 Billion Connecticut Avenue Securities Risk Sharing Deal By Published: May 2, 2017 2:45 p.m. ET Share WASHINGTON, May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Fannie Mae FNMA, -4.64% priced its third credit risk sharing transaction of 2017 under its Connecticut Avenue Securities [™] (CAS) program. CAS Series 2017-C03, a $1.371 billion note offering, is scheduled to settle on May 10, 2017. CAS is Fannie Mae's benchmark issuance program designed to share credit risk on its single-family conventional guaranty book of business. "Our third risk sharing transaction of the year was met with overwhelming demand by investors, who are drawn to the consistency of our program and the quality of the underlying collateral," said Laurel Davis, vice president of credit risk transfer, Fannie Mae. "Per our published deal calendar, we expect to return to the market with our next CAS deal, 2017-C04, in mid-May. Our upcoming deal will reference loans that have loan-to-value ratios between 80 and 97 percent."  The reference pool for CAS Series 2017-C03 consists of more than 167,000 single-family mortgage loans with an outstanding unpaid principal balance of approximately $41.2 billion. The loans in this reference pool have original loan-to-value ratios between 60 and 80 percent and were acquired from July 2016 through October 2016. The loans included in this transaction are fixed-rate, generally 30-year term, fully amortizing mortgages and were underwritten using rigorous credit standards and enhanced risk controls. Fannie Mae will retain a portion of the 1M-1, 1M-2, and 1B-1 tranches in order to align its interests with investors throughout the life of the deal.  Fannie Mae will retain the full 1B-2 tranche. Class Offered Amount ($MM) Pricing Level Expected Rating 1M-1 $568.164 1-month Libor plus 95 bps Baa3 (sf) from Moody's and BBB (sf) from DBRS. 1M-2 $607.347 1-month Libor plus 300 bps B2 (sf) from Moody's and B (high) (sf) from DBRS. 1B-1 $195.918 1-month Libor plus 485 bps This class will not be rated Barclays Capital ("Barclays") is the lead structuring manager and joint bookrunner and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc. ("BofA Merrill") is the co-lead manager and joint bookrunner. Co-managers are Citigroup Global Markets ("Citigroup"), J.P. Morgan Securities LLC ("J.P. Morgan), Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC ("Morgan Stanley") and Nomura Securities International, Inc. ("Nomura"). Selling group members are Academy Securities and Siebert Cisneros Shank & Co.    Through this transaction and other credit risk sharing programs, Fannie Mae increases the role of private capital in the mortgage market and reduces taxpayer risk. With the completion of this transaction, Fannie Mae will have brought 19 CAS deals to market since the program began, issued $23.9 billion in notes, and transferred a portion of the credit risk to private investors on single-family mortgage loans with an original unpaid principal balance of approximately $802 billion. Since 2013, Fannie Mae has transferred a portion of the credit risk on approximately $989 billion in single-family mortgages through all of its risk transfer programs. Fannie Mae's deliberate issuer strategy works to build the CAS program in a sustainable way to promote liquidity and to build a broad and diverse investor base. To promote transparency and to help investors evaluate our program, Fannie Mae provides ongoing robust disclosure data to help credit investors evaluate the program, as well as access to news, resources, and analytics through its credit risk sharing webpages. This includes Fannie Mae's innovative Data Dynamics™ tool, which enables market participants to analyze CAS deals that are currently outstanding. In addition to the flagship CAS program, Fannie Mae continues to reduce risk to taxpayers through its Credit Insurance Risk Transfer [™] (CIRT [™] ) reinsurance program and other forms of risk transfer. About Connecticut Avenue Securities™ CAS notes are bonds issued by Fannie Mae. The amount of periodic principal and ultimate principal paid by Fannie Mae is determined by the performance of a large and diverse reference pool. For more information on individual CAS transactions and Fannie Mae's approach to credit risk transfer, visit http://www.fanniemae.com/portal/funding-the-market/credit-risk/index.html. To view the periods in 2017 during which Fannie Mae may issue Connecticut Avenue Securities (CAS), please view our 2017 CAS Issuance Calendar. Statements in this release regarding the company's future CAS transactions are forward-looking. Actual results may be materially different as a result of market conditions or other factors listed in "Risk Factors" or "Forward-Looking Statements" in the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. This release does not constitute an offer or sale of any security. Before investing in any Fannie Mae issued security, potential investors should review the disclosure for such security and consult their own investment advisors . Fannie Mae helps make the 30-year fixed-rate mortgage and affordable rental housing possible for millions of Americans. We partner with lenders to create housing opportunities for families across the country. We are driving positive changes in housing finance to make the home buying process easier, while reducing costs and risk. To learn more, visit fanniemae.com  and follow us on twitter.com/fanniemae. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fannie-mae-prices-1371-billion-connecticut-avenue-securities-risk-sharing-deal-300449839.html SOURCE Fannie Mae Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References FNMA -0.13 -4.64% Most Popular AMD’s stock plunges to biggest loss in over 12 years Wall Street’s ‘fear gauge’ is falling, bonds and the stock market are soaring—something’s gotta give iPhone sales ‘pause,’ and Apple may be in trouble The most unaffordable place to live in America is… Trump's 100 Days: A Roller-Coaster for the Dollar MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Fannie Mae U.S.: OTC: FNMA $2.67 -0.13 (-4.64%) Volume 5.8M Open $2.76 High $2.77 Low $2.63 P/E Ratio 267 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.2B
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sony Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sony Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Advisor Partners LLC Boosts Stake in Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Cookson Peirce & Co. Inc. Has $6.395 Million Stake in Progressive Corp (PGR) Tesoro Co. (TSO) Shares Bought by Advisor Partners LLC Wright Investors Service Inc. Boosts Stake in Shire PLC (SHPG) Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Shares Bought by Advisor Partners LLC Wright Investors Service Inc. Increases Stake in Progressive Corp (PGR) Thomas Story & Son LLC Purchases 4,925 Shares of Gentex Co. (GNTX) Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Stake Lowered by Advisor Partners LLC Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Receives Buy Rating from Stifel Nicolaus Digital Realty Trust’s (DLR) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus DISH Network Corp (DISH) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Hilliard Lyons CIRCOR International, Inc. (CIR) Receives Buy Rating from Stifel Nicolaus Raytheon Company (RTN) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research CDW Corp (CDW) Receives Overweight Rating from Barclays PLC Equal Energy Ltd. (ENT) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $159.25 Million $2.85 EPS Expected for Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Will Post Earnings of $1.10 Per Share Alistair Macdonald Sells 9,467 Shares of INC Research Holdings Inc (INCR) Stock Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for AT&T (T) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates “Conviction-Buy” Rating for Sony Corp (SNE) May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance Tweet Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE)‘s stock had its “conviction-buy” rating reissued by Goldman Sachs Group Inc in a note issued to investors on Monday. Other research analysts have also issued reports about the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered Sony Corp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. TheStreet upgraded Sony Corp from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Sony Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Sanford C. Bernstein started coverage on Sony Corp in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $41.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a $42.00 price objective on Sony Corp and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, March 11th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $38.95. Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE) traded up 0.17% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $34.74. The stock had a trading volume of 986,462 shares. The company’s market cap is $43.85 billion. Sony Corp has a 12-month low of $23.62 and a 12-month high of $34.84. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $32.57 and a 200-day moving average of $30.93. Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.13 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.38 by $0.25. The company earned $2,397.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $22.35 billion. Sony Corp had a negative net margin of 0.52% and a negative return on equity of 1.27%. Sony Corp’s revenue for the quarter was down 7.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $95.33 earnings per share. Equities research analysts forecast that Sony Corp will post $0.38 EPS for the current year. WARNING: “Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates “Conviction-Buy” Rating for Sony Corp (SNE)” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/sony-corps-sne-conviction-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Acrospire Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of Sony Corp by 72.2% in the third quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 3,340 shares of the company’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 1,400 shares during the last quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its position in shares of Sony Corp by 154.9% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 6,195 shares of the company’s stock valued at $198,000 after buying an additional 3,765 shares during the last quarter. Eastern Bank acquired a new position in shares of Sony Corp during the first quarter valued at $202,000. Raymond James Trust N.A. acquired a new position in shares of Sony Corp during the first quarter valued at $205,000. Finally, Pacer Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Sony Corp during the third quarter valued at $222,000. Institutional investors own 6.53% of the company’s stock. About Sony Corp Sony Corporation (Sony) is engaged in the development, design, manufacture and sale of various kinds of electronic equipment, instruments and devices for consumer, professional and industrial markets, as well as game consoles and software. The Company’s segments include Mobile Communications, Game & Network Services, Imaging Products & Solutions, Home Entertainment & Sound, Devices, Pictures, Music, Financial Services and All Other. Receive News & Ratings for Sony Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sony Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. (the “Company” or “ARI”) (NYSE:ARI) today reported financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2017. First Quarter 2017 Highlights Reported net income available to common stockholders of $37.8 million, or $0.41 per diluted share of common stock, for the three months ended March 31, 2017, as compared to net income available to common stockholders of $12.8 million, or $0.18 per diluted share of common stock, for the three months ended March 31, 2016; Reported Operating Earnings (a non-GAAP financial measure defined below) of $38.6 million, or $0.41 per diluted share of common stock, for the three months ended March 31, 2017, as compared to Operating Earnings of $29.8 million, or $0.44 per diluted share of common stock, for the three months ended March 31, 2016; Generated $57.8 million of net interest income during the quarter from the Company’s $3.5 billion commercial real estate debt portfolio, which had a levered weighted average underwritten internal rate of return (“IRR”)(1) of approximately 13.6% at March 31, 2017; Committed $450.3 million to new commercial real estate debt investments and funded an additional $115.8 million for loans closed prior to the quarter; Upsized the Company’s master repurchase agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A (the “JPMorgan Facility) to $1.1 billion (including $143.0 million of asset specific financing) and extended the maturity date to March 2019, with a one-year extension option; and Declared a $0.46 dividend per share of common stock for the three months ended March 31, 2017. “ARI has had a strong start to 2017, closing over $525 million of new commercial real estate loan transactions year to date,” said Stuart Rothstein, Chief Executive Officer and President of ARI. “In addition, ARI expanded both of the Company’s primary credit facilities for financing first mortgage loans, providing additional capacity to fund our investment pipeline.” First Quarter 2017 Operating Results The Company reported net income available to common stockholders of $37.8 million, or $0.41 per diluted share of common stock, for the three months ended March 31, 2017, as compared to net income available to common stockholders of $12.8 million, or $0.18 per diluted share of common stock, for the three months ended March 31, 2016. ARI reported Operating Earnings of $38.6 million, or $0.41 per diluted share of common stock, for the three months ended March 31, 2017, as compared to Operating Earnings of $29.8 million, or $0.44 per diluted share of common stock, for the three months ended March 31, 2016. First Quarter 2017 Investment Activity New Investments – During the first quarter, ARI committed capital to the following commercial real estate debt investments: $332.8 million of first mortgage loans ($259.0 million of which were funded during the quarter), which were underwritten to generate a levered weighted average IRR(1) of approximately 14.7%; and $117.5 million of subordinate loans (all of which were funded during the quarter), which were underwritten to generate a weighted average IRR(1) of approximately 12.0%. Funding of Previously Closed Loans – During the first quarter, ARI funded approximately $115.8 million for loans closed prior to the quarter. Loan Repayments – During the first quarter, ARI received approximately $44.4 million from loan repayments. Quarter End Commercial Real Estate Debt Portfolio Summary The following table sets forth certain information regarding the Company’s commercial real estate debt portfolio at March 31, 2017 ($ amounts in thousands):                 Description   Amortized Cost   Weighted Average Yield   Debt   Cost of Funds   Equity at Cost   Current Weighted Average Underwritten IRR (1)   Fully- Levered Weighted Average Underwritten IRR(1)(2) First mortgage loans $ 1,955,816 8.1 % $ 1,241,762 3.4 % $ 714,054 14.8 % 14.8 % Subordinate loans(3) 1,256,703 13.6 – – 1,256,703 13.6 13.6 CMBS   296,159   4.3       245,473   3.3       105,388((4 ))   6.0     6.0   Total/Weighted Average $ 3,508,678   9.7 %   $ 1,487,235   3.4 %   $ 2,076,145     13.6 %   13.6 %   Please see chart footnotes at the end of the press release. Credit Facility ARI amended and restated the Company’s JPMorgan Facility, which ARI primarily uses to finance first mortgage loans. The amendment increased the borrowing capacity to $1.1 billion from $943.0 million (both figures include a pre-existing $143.0 million asset specific financing) and extends the maturity date, including extension options, from January 2019 to March 2020. Loan-to-Value At March 31, 2017, the Company’s commercial real estate loan portfolio, including CMBS, held-to-maturity, had a weighted average loan-to-value (“LTV”) of 63%. Within the commercial real estate loan portfolio, the first mortgage loans had a weighted average LTV of 62% and the subordinate loans, including CMBS, held-to-maturity, had a weighted average LTV of 63%. Book Value The Company’s book value per share of common stock was $16.05 at March 31, 2017, as compared to book value per share of common stock of $16.12 at December 31, 2016. Subsequent Events The following events occurred subsequent to quarter end: New Investments ARI closed a £60.0 million ($75.1 million) pari passu interest in a £125.0 million first mortgage loan secured by a 290,000 square foot shopping center and adjacent retail and residential property in Central London, U.K. The floating rate loan has a 15-month initial term, with a six-month extension option and an appraised LTV of approximately 52%. Funding of Previously Closed Loans –ARI funded approximately $9.3 million for previously closed loans. Credit Facility ARI also amended and restated the Company’s master repurchase agreement with Deutsche Bank AG, which ARI uses to finance first mortgage loans. The amendment increased the borrowing capacity from $300.0 million to $450.0 million, plus £45.0 million, and extends the maturity date, including extension options, from September 2019 to March 2020. Operating Earnings Operating Earnings is a non-GAAP financial measure that is defined by the Company as net income available to common stockholders, computed in accordance with GAAP, adjusted for (i) equity-based compensation expense (a portion of which may become cash-based upon final vesting and settlement of awards should the holder elect net share settlement to satisfy income tax withholding); (ii) any unrealized gains or losses or other non-cash items included in net income available to common stockholders; (iii) unrealized income from unconsolidated joint ventures; (iv) foreign currency gains/(losses) other than realized gains/(losses) related to interest income; (v) the non-cash amortization expense related to the reclassification of a portion of the convertible senior notes to stockholders’ equity in accordance with GAAP; and (vi) provision for loan losses. Operating Earnings may also be adjusted to exclude certain other non-cash items, as determined by ACREFI Management, LLC, the Company’s external manager, and approved by a majority of the Company’s independent directors. In order to evaluate the effective yield of the portfolio, the Company uses Operating Earnings to reflect the net investment income of the Company’s portfolio as adjusted to include the net interest expense related to the Company’s derivative instruments. Operating Earnings allows the Company to isolate the net interest expense associated with the Company’s swaps in order to monitor and project the Company’s full cost of borrowings. The Company also believes that investors use Operating Earnings or a comparable supplemental performance measure to evaluate and compare the performance of the Company and its peers and, as such, the Company believes that the disclosure of Operating Earnings is useful to its investors. A significant limitation associated with Operating Earnings as a measure of the Company’s financial performance over any period is that it excludes net realized and unrealized gains (losses) from investments. In addition, the Company’s presentation of Operating Earnings may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures of other companies, who may use different calculations. As a result, Operating Earnings should not be considered as a substitute for the Company’s GAAP net income as a measure of its financial performance or any measure of its liquidity under GAAP. Beginning with the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company slightly modified its definition of Operating Earnings to include realized gains/(losses) on currency swaps related to interest income on investments denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars. The Company believes that including the effects of realized gains/(losses) on currency swaps related to interest income more accurately reflects the Company’s investment income for a particular period and will allow investors to more easily compare its operating results over various periods. The effects of such unrealized gains/(losses) in prior periods were not material to the Company’s financial results. The Company intends to apply this modified definition for Operating Earnings for all future periods. Reconciliation of Operating Earnings to Net Income Available to Common Stockholders The table below reconciles Operating Earnings and Operating Earnings per share of common stock with net income available to common stockholders and net income available to common stockholders per share of common stock for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and March 31, 2016 ($ amounts in thousands, except per share data):       Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 Earnings Per Share (Diluted) Three Months Ended March 31, 2016 Earnings Per Share (Diluted) Operating Earnings: Net income available to common stockholders $ 37,815 $ 0.41 $ 12,801 $ 0.18 Adjustments: Equity-based compensation expense 3,791 0.04 1,668 0.03 Unrealized (gain)/loss on securities (2,852 ) (0.03 ) 15,074 0.22 Unrealized (gain)/loss on derivative instruments 3,045 0.03 (4,703 ) (0.07 ) Foreign currency(gain)/ loss, net (3,326 ) (0.04 ) 4,474 0.07 Amortization of convertible senior notes related to equity reclassification 608 0.01 573 0.01 Income from unconsolidated joint venture   (458 )   (0.01 )   (68 )   –   Total adjustments:   808     –     17,018     0.26   Operating Earnings $ 38,623   $ 0.41   $ 29,819   $ 0.44     Basic weighted average shares of common stock outstanding: 91,612,447 91,612,447 67,385,191 Diluted weighted average shares of common stock outstanding: 92,998,250  92,998,250 68,327,718   Teleconference Details: The Company will host a conference call to discuss its financial results on Wednesday, May 3, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time. Members of the public who are interested in participating in the Company’s first quarter 2017 earnings teleconference call should dial from the U.S., (877) 331-6553, or from outside the U.S., (760) 666-3769, shortly before 10:00 a.m. and reference the Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Teleconference Call (number 4478521). Please note the teleconference call will be available for replay beginning at 1:00 p.m. on Wednesday, May 3, 2017 and ending at midnight on Wednesday, May 10, 2017. To access the replay, callers from the U.S. should dial (855) 859-2056 and callers from outside the U.S. should dial (404) 537-3406, and enter conference identification number 4478521. Webcast: The conference call will also be available on the Company’s website at www.apolloreit.com. To listen to a live broadcast, please go to the site at least 15 minutes prior to the scheduled start time in order to register, download and install any necessary audio software. A replay of the call will also be available for 30 days on the Company’s website. Supplemental Information The Company provides supplemental financial information to offer more transparency into its results and make its reporting more informative and easier to follow. The supplemental financial information is available in the investor relations section of the Company’s website at www.apolloreit.com. About Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. (NYSE: ARI) is a real estate investment trust that primarily originates, acquires, invests in and manages performing commercial real estate mortgage loans, subordinate financings, CMBS and other commercial real estate-related debt investments. The Company is externally managed and advised by ACREFI Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an indirect subsidiary of Apollo Global Management, LLC, a leading global alternative investment manager with approximately $197.5 billion of assets under management as of March 31, 2017. Additional information can be found on the Company’s website at www.apolloreit.com. Dividend Reinvestment Plan The Company adopted a Direct Stock Purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan (the “Plan”). The Plan provides new investors and existing holders of the Company’s common stock with a convenient and economical method to purchase shares of its common stock. By participating in the Plan, participants may purchase additional shares of the Company’s common stock by reinvesting some or all of the cash dividends received on their shares of the Company’s common stock. In addition, the Plan permits participants to make optional cash investments of up to $10,000 per month, and, with the Company’s prior approval, optional cash investments in excess of $10,000 per month, for the purchase of additional shares of the Company’s common stock. The Plan is administered by a division of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (“Wells”). Stockholders and other persons may obtain a copy of the Plan prospectus and an enrollment form by contacting Wells at (800) 468-9716 or (651) 450-4064, if outside the United States, or visiting Wells’ website at www.shareowneronline.com. This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements contained in this press release constitute forward-looking statements as such term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and such statements are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provided by the same. Forward-looking statements are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and are generally beyond the Company’s control. These forward-looking statements include information about possible or assumed future results of the Company’s business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. When used in this release, the words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, plan, continue, intend, should, may or similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Statements regarding the following subjects, among others, may be forward-looking: the return on equity; the yield on investments; the ability to borrow to finance assets; the Company’s ability to deploy the proceeds of its capital raises or acquire its target assets; and risks associated with investing in real estate assets, including changes in business conditions and the general economy. For a further list and description of such risks and uncertainties, see the reports filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements, and other risks, uncertainties and factors are based on the Company’s beliefs, assumptions and expectations of its future performance, taking into account all information currently available to the Company. Forward-looking statements are not predictions of future events. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Footnotes ($ in thousands): (1) IRR is the annualized effective compounded return rate that accounts for the time-value of money and represents the rate of return on an investment over a holding period expressed as a percentage of the investment. It is the discount rate that makes the net present value of all cash outflows (the costs of investment) equal to the net present value of cash inflows (returns on investment). It is derived from the negative and positive cash flows resulting from or produced by each transaction (or for a transaction involving more than one investment, cash flows resulting from or produced by each of the investments), whether positive, such as investment returns, or negative, such as transaction expenses or other costs of investment, taking into account the dates on which such cash flows occurred or are expected to occur, and compounding interest accordingly. The underwritten IRR for the investments shown in this press release reflect the returns underwritten by ACREFI Management, LLC, the Company’s external manager, taking into account leverage and calculated on a weighted average basis assuming no dispositions, early prepayments or defaults but assuming that extension options are exercised and that the cost of borrowings remains constant over the remaining term. With respect to certain loans, the underwritten IRR calculation assumes certain estimates with respect to the timing and magnitude of future fundings for the remaining commitments and associated loan repayments, and assumes no defaults. IRR is the annualized effective compounded return rate that accounts for the time-value of money and represents the rate of return on an investment over a holding period expressed as a percentage of the investment. It is the discount rate that makes the net present value of all cash outflows (the costs of investment) equal to the net present value of cash inflows (returns on investment). It is derived from the negative and positive cash flows resulting from or produced by each transaction (or for a transaction involving more than one investment, cash flows resulting from or produced by each of the investments), whether positive, such as investment returns, or negative, such as transaction expenses or other costs of investment, taking into account the dates on which such cash flows occurred or are expected to occur, and compounding interest accordingly. There can be no assurance that the actual IRRs will equal the underwritten IRRs shown in the table. See “Item 1A – Risk Factors — The Company may not achieve its underwritten internal rate of return on its investments which may lead to future returns that may be significantly lower than anticipated.” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 for a discussion of some of the factors that could adversely impact the returns received by the Company from the investments shown in the table or elsewhere in the Company’s Annual Report over time. (2) The Company’s ability to achieve the underwritten levered weighted average IRR depends upon the availability of the JPMorgan Facility or any replacement facility with similar terms with regard to its portfolio of first mortgage loans. Without such availability, the levered weighted average underwritten IRR will be lower than the amount shown above. (3) Subordinate loans also include CMBS (held-to-maturity), which are net of a participation sold during June 2014. The Company presents the participation sold as both asses and non-recourse liabilities because the participation does not qualify as a sale according to GAAP. At March 31, 2017, the Company presented the participation sold with a carrying amount of $84,647. (4) CMBS includes $54,702 of restricted cash related to the Company’s repurchase facilities with UBS AG and Deutsche Bank, AG.   Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands—except share and per share data)         March 31, 2017 December 31, 2016 Assets: (unaudited) Cash $ 142,905 $ 200,996 Restricted cash 54,702 62,457 Securities, at estimated fair value 261,841 331,076 Securities, held-to-maturity 145,780 146,352 Commercial mortgage loans, held for investment 1,955,816 1,641,856 Subordinate loans, held for investment 1,195,570 1,051,236 Investment in unconsolidated joint venture 23,538 22,103 Derivative assets, net 3,009 5,906 Interest receivable 22,297 19,281 Other assets   3,107     1,714   Total Assets $ 3,808,565   $ 3,482,977     Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity Liabilities: Borrowings under repurchase agreements (net of deferred financing costs of $9,954 and $6,763 in 2017 and 2016, respectively) $ 1,477,281 $ 1,139,803 Convertible senior notes, net 250,468 249,994 Participations sold 84,647 84,979 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 8,652 17,681 Payable to related party 7,432 7,015 Dividends payable   51,109     51,278   Total Liabilities 1,879,589 1,550,750 Commitments and Contingencies (See Note 14) Stockholders’ Equity: Preferred stock, $0.01 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized: Series A Preferred stock, 3,450,000 shares issued and outstanding ($86,250 aggregate liquidation preference) in 2016 and 2015 35 35 Series B Preferred stock, 8,000,000 shares issued and outstanding ($200,000 aggregate liquidation preference) in 2016 and 2015 80 80 Series C Preferred stock, 6,900,000 shares issued and outstanding ($172,500 aggregate liquidation preference) in 2016 69 69 Common stock, $0.01 par value, 450,000,000 shares authorized, 91,621,274 and 91,422,676 shares issued and outstanding in 2017 and 2016, respectively 916 914 Additional paid-in-capital 1,984,471 1,983,010 Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) (53,035 ) (48,070 ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss   (3,560 )   (3,811 ) Total Stockholders’ Equity   1,928,976     1,932,227   Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity $ 3,808,565   $ 3,482,977       Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiaries Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations (in thousands—except share and per share data)         Three months ended March 31, 2017 Three months ended March 31, 2016 Net interest income: (Unaudited) Interest income from securities $ 3,256 $ 8,049 Interest income from securities, held to maturity 2,798 2,896 Interest income from commercial mortgage loans 34,398 21,127 Interest income from subordinate loans 34,390 29,375 Interest expense   (17,030 )   (14,642 ) Net interest income 57,812 46,805   Operating expenses: General and administrative expenses (includes $3,791 and $1,668 of equity-based compensation in 2017 and 2016, respectively) (5,758 ) (8,185 ) Management fees to related party   (7,432 )   (5,229 ) Total operating expenses (13,190 ) (13,414 ) Income from unconsolidated joint venture 458 68 Other income 108 2 Realized loss on sale of assets (1,042 ) – Unrealized gain/(loss) on securities 2,852 (15,074 ) Foreign currency gain/(loss) 3,172 (4,474 ) Gain/(loss) on derivative instruments (includes unrealized gains (losses) of $(2,889) and $(1,380) in 2017 and 2016, respectively)   (3,045 )   4,703   Net income   47,125     18,616   Preferred dividends   (9,310 )   (5,815 ) Net income available to common stockholders $ 37,815   $ 12,801     Basic and diluted net income per share of common stock $ 0.41   $ 0.18     Basic weighted average shares of common stock outstanding   91,612,447     67,385,191   Diluted weighted average shares of common stock outstanding   92,998,250     68,327,718     Dividend declared per share of common stock $ 0.46   $ 0.46     CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Devon Energy Reports First-Quarter Results Next PostNext Affinity Beverage Group, Inc. (ABVG: OTC Pink Current) | Village Tea Company Launches Kickstarter Offering Search Recent Posts ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ASML Completes Acquisition of HMI ASML Successfully Places Eurobond Offering for EUR 750 Million ASML Reports Record Full-Year 2016 Net Sales and Net Income – Orders for EUV Lithography Systems Show Strong Customer Commitment for Production Insertion ASML Publishes 2016 Annual Reports RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schneider National Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider National Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Corvus Pharmaceuticals Inc (CRVS) Lowered to “Underperform” at Credit Suisse Group AG FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to “Neutral” Schneider National Inc (SNDR) Now Covered by Analysts at Wells Fargo & Co First Business Financial Services’ (FBIZ) “Market Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods CU Bancorp (CUNB) Raised to “Outperform” at FIG Partners Edwards Lifesciences Corp (EW) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Veeco Instruments (VECO) Arete Wealth Advisors LLC Buys Shares of 6,490 Realty Income Corp (O) Cadence Bank NA Acquires 470 Shares of DTE Energy Co (DTE) Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (MRVL) Position Increased by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Purchases 161,600 Shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Raises Position in Synchrony Financial (SYF) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Has $28.23 Million Stake in Moody's Co. (MCO) Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Boosts Position in WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (KALU) Position Boosted by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Hub Group Inc (HUBG) Position Increased by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Aegion Corp (AEGN) Shares Bought by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Analysts Anticipate Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL) Will Post Earnings of $1.00 Per Share -$0.59 Earnings Per Share Expected for Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) This Quarter Medicx Fund Ltd. (MXF) Declares GBX 1.50 Dividend Schneider National Inc (SNDR) Now Covered by Analysts at Wells Fargo & Co May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wells Fargo & Co started coverage on shares of Schneider National Inc (NASDAQ:SNDR) in a report published on Monday. The firm issued an outperform rating on the stock. SNDR has been the subject of several other reports. Stephens started coverage on shares of Schneider National in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. They set an equal weight rating and a $18.00 price objective for the company. Bank of America Corp started coverage on shares of Schneider National in a research note on Monday. They set a buy rating and a $23.00 price objective for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Schneider National in a research note on Monday. They set an overweight rating and a $22.00 price objective for the company. Credit Suisse Group AG started coverage on shares of Schneider National in a research note on Monday. They set an outperform rating and a $24.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Robert W. Baird started coverage on shares of Schneider National in a research note on Monday. They set an outperform rating and a $22.00 price objective for the company. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Schneider National presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $22.14. Schneider National (NASDAQ:SNDR) traded up 0.47% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $19.18. 1,383,992 shares of the company were exchanged. The company has a 50-day moving average of $18.98 and a 200 day moving average of $18.98. Schneider National has a 52 week low of $18.41 and a 52 week high of $20.10. The firm has a market capitalization of $199.87 million and a PE ratio of 0.64. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/schneider-national-inc-sndr-now-covered-by-analysts-at-wells-fargo-co.html. In other news, major shareholder Donald J. Schneider 2000 Trust sold 2,105,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.00, for a total transaction of $39,995,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 723,190 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $13,740,610. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. About Schneider National Schneider National, Inc is a provider of transportation, logistics and related services. The Company’s transportation solutions include one-way, intermodal, dedicated, bulk, transport management, trans loading services, international services and Schneider payment services. Its supply chain management and consulting services include logistics solution design, global supply chain services, enterprise and market entry assistance, and sourcing and compliance. Receive News & Ratings for Schneider National Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider National Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results Around the Traps Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results Around the Traps . While you were sleeping: UPDATED Wall Street rises as Apple climbs to record Margreet Dietz Wednesday May 3, 2017 Share ADM Chief Executive Juan Luciano says the agbusiness is facing strong headwinds. Play NBR radio on All three major benchmarks rose as Wall Street absorbed new corporate earnings reports. Also, the Federal Open Market Committee began a two-day meeting during which it is not expected to raise interest rates. Investors will eye Wednesday's post-gathering statement for any clues about the odds of a hike at their June meeting. "The Fed's outlook is really based on economic fundamentals, and if growth and the labour market trend does not hold up, that could cause the Fed to go slower,'' Gennadiy Goldberg, an interest-rate strategist at TD Securities in New York, told Bloomberg. "If it heats up, that could cause the Fed to roll off the balance sheet earlier." At the close of trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 36.43 points, or 0.2%, to 20,949.89. The Nasdaq Composite Index edged 0.06% higher to 6095.37, again touching a record high 6102.72, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index advanced 0.1% to 2391.17. The Dow rose, as gains in shares of Intel and those of Visa, up 1.4% and 1.2% respectively, outweighed declines of Procter & Gamble and those of JPMorgan Chase, down 1.0% and 0.8% respectively. Apple hits new high Shares of Apple, which reports its latest quarterly earnings after the market close, traded 0.4% stronger and touched a record high $US148.09 earlier in the day. And the stock might continue its gains. Active stock fund managers around the world are holding the lowest percentage of Apple shares in their portfolios when compared to the iPhone maker's overall weighting in indexes, Reuters reported, citing a research note by investment bank UBS. "Active fund managers as a whole continue to underperform their benchmarks and are not going to want to leave a lot of performance on the table if they continue to see this company rally," Todd Rosenbluth, director of ETF and mutual fund research at CFRA, an independent research firm in New York, told Reuters. Energy stocks, the worst performing sector in the S&P 500 so far this year, fell 0.5% as a slide in crude prices pressured oil companies. US crude for June delivery lost 2.4% to $US47.66 a barrel, posting its second lowest settlement for the year. While the latest round of US earnings has generally exceeded expectations so far, some disappointed. Grain gluts sinks ADM Archer Daniels Midland, the US agricultural trader, warned that massive global grain stocks are making it difficult to turn a profit trading grain internationally, Reuters reported. ADM shares sank 8.4%. "We're working very hard in ag services to continue to improve our operations. We have been or facing a couple of years of very strong headwinds into that business," ADM chief executive Juan Luciano said on a conference call with analysts, according to Reuters. "With ample stocks around the world, there is a very subdued environment for us to make profitable international trades." Net profit attributable to ADM rose to $US339 million, or 59USc per share, in the quarter ended March 31, up from $US230 million, or 39USc a share, in the same quarter a year earlier, the Chicago-based company said in a statement. Mosaic books loss Shares of Mosaic dropped 7.6% after the US maker of fertiliser posted quarterly earnings that missed expectations amid lower phosphate and potash prices. Mosaic swung to a net loss attributable to the company of $US900,000 for the quarter ended March 31, compared with a profit of $US256.8 million, a year earlier, it said in a statement. Even so, the company is upbeat about the outlook. "We are seeing positive developments in the phosphates industry following a challenging 2016," Joc O'Rourke, chief executive officer, said in the statement. "Realised product prices are rising, demand continues to be strong and we believe China is in the process of restructuring its industry. For the remainder of 2017, we expect improved margins in our phosphate business as we begin to realise the benefits of improving market conditions and completed plant maintenance." Government bonds strengthened, with the yield on the 10-year US Treasury note falling to 2.296% from 2.327% on Monday.  In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.8% gain from the previous close. Germany's DAX Index rose 0.6%, as did the UK's FTSE 100 Index, while France's CAC40 Index added 0.7%. (BusinessDesk) Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags while you were sleeping Related Articles:  While you were sleeping: UPDATED Nasdaq again closes at record high Fri 23 Sep 16 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.6950 -0.0011 -0.16% AUD 0.9237 0.0010 0.11% EUR 0.6356 -0.0009 -0.14% GBP 0.5368 -0.0011 -0.20% HKD 5.4075 -0.0083 -0.15% JPY 77.8740 -0.0660 -0.08% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1256.2 1.050 2017-05-02T00: Oil Brent 50.8 -1.090 2017-05-02T00: Oil Nymex 47.6 -1.230 2017-05-02T00: Silver Index 16.8 -0.010 2017-05-02T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7422.5 7430.2 7422.5 -0.22% NASDAQ 6102.5 6102.7 6091.6 0.06% DAX 12478.5 12511.2 12438.0 0.56% DJI 20941.2 20960.9 20913.5 0.17% FTSE 7250.1 7250.1 7250.1 -0.05% HKSE 24773.8 24773.8 24615.1 0.33% NI225 19335.7 19464.3 19310.5 0.70% ASX 5950.4 5950.4 5950.4 -0.98% Most Popular Read Auckland house sale volumes slump to 9-year low in April, Barfoot says MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares fall on Air NZ profit-taking, selldown of property companies Winston Peters wants to be more than a kingmaker Naked hostility from Fairfax, NZME staff as merger decision breaks Kiwi gains as data shows jobs growth Commented Opinion: The state of play for New Zealand's venture capital industry Labour holds crisis meeting after delaying release of candidate list Labour’s list debacle shows ‘woeful’ political management by Little Feltex saga makes it to the Supreme Court Angel investment up 13% last year Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Rob Hosking says National is, somewhat surprisingly, turning Election 2017 into more of a battle of visions than expected Labour and National are Pepsi and Coke, says Winston Peters Dr Jennifer Holmgren says Lanzatech can’t rush development Horton Media's Matthew Horton says ComCom has a better understanding of the industry than Fairfax The best NBR Radio interviews from the last week of April, with Grant Walker Only available on Previous article Feltex saga makes it to the Supreme Court Next article NZ dollar extends gains as dairy prices rise, labour market data looms Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> While you were sleeping: UPDATED Wall Street rises as Apple climbs to record
Politics | Entertainment | Arts | Lifestyle | Business | Health | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Business Technology Startups Internet Culture Media Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Subscribe to Newsletters NJ’s Menendez Makes Case Against Clayton for SEC Chair on Senate Floor By JT Aregood • 05/02/17 5:17pm U.S. Senator Bob Menendez made his case against Jay Clayton, President Trump’s choice to head the SEC. Facebook U.S. Sen. Bob Menendez will be voting against President Trump’s nominee to lead the Securities and Exchange Commission and gave a floor speech Tuesday saying Jay Clayton was too close to the financial industry he would be regulating. Clayton, a partner at the law firm Sullivan and Cromwell, has represented Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks. Menendez said his record with Goldman and as an adviser to Bear Sterns during its 2007 sale of JPMorgan Chase made him unfit for the SEC job. “The SEC is our government’s cop on the Wall Street beat,” Menendez said, adding that SEC regulators “turned a blind eye” to the risks and corporate misconduct that preceded the Great Recession. “This administration wants to give the keys to the castle to one of Wall Street’s most loyal guardians,” he continued. The SEC currently has only two commissioners. The Senate took a procedural vote on Monday in favor of confirming Clayton, coming down 60-36 in favor of ending the debate over his appointment. Trump in a statement during the transition called Clayton the right man for the job of unwinding regulations. “We need to undo many regulations which have stifled investment in American businesses, and restore oversight of the financial industry in a way that does not harm American workers,” he said. SEE ALSO: Chamber Trip: Menendez Even-Keeled on Trump SCOTUS Pick, Harsh on Diplomatic Tack New Jersey Politics Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 5:25pm Wed 3 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Wall Street mixed, Apple climbs to record By Margreet Dietz 7:22 AM Wednesday May 3, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Business Services Mobile Business New York Stock Exchange Sharemarket Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exhange. Photo / Getty Images Wall Street was mixed as investors awaited Apple's latest earnings. Also, the Federal Open Market Committee began a two-day meeting during which it is not expected to raise interest rates. Investors will eye Wednesday's post-gathering statement for any clues about the odds of a hike at their June meeting. "The Fed's outlook is really based on economic fundamentals, and if growth and the labor market trend does not hold up, that could cause the Fed to go slower,'' Gennadiy Goldberg, an interest-rate strategist at TD Securities in New York, told Bloomberg. "If it heats up, that could cause the Fed to roll off the balance sheet earlier." In 2.35pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.1 per cent. The Nasdaq Composite Index inched 0.01 per cent lower. In 2.20pm trading, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index added 0.1 per cent. Earlier in the day the Nasdaq touched a record high 6,102.72. The Dow rose, as gains in shares of Intel and those of Visa, recently up 1.4 per cent and 1.2 per cent respectively, outweighed declines of Procter & Gamble and those of JPMorgan Chase, down 1 per cent and 0.8 per cent respectively. Shares of Apple, which reports its latest quarterly earnings after the market close, traded 0.4 per cent stronger as of 2.23pm in New York. The stock touched a record high US$148.09 earlier in the day. And the stock might continue its gains. Active stock fund managers around the world are holding the lowest percentage of Apple shares in their portfolios when compared to the iPhone maker's overall weighting in indexes, Reuters reported, citing a research note by investment bank UBS. "Active fund managers as a whole continue to underperform their benchmarks and are not going to want to leave a lot of performance on the table if they continue to see this company rally," Todd Rosenbluth, director of ETF and mutual fund research at CFRA, an independent research firm in New York, told Reuters. Continued below. Related Content Your Views: Readers' letters Editorial: Skilled migration made harder but temporary permits untouched Watch NZH Local Focus: Horowhenua council divided While the latest round of US earnings has generally exceeded expectations so far, some disappointed. Archer Daniels Midland, the US agricultural trader, warned that massive global grain stocks are making it difficult to turn a profit trading grain internationally, Reuters reported. ADM shares sank, trading 8.4 per cent weaker as of 1.19pm in New York. "We're working very hard in ag services to continue to improve our operations. We have been or facing a couple of years of very strong headwinds into that business," ADM Chief Executive Juan Luciano said on a conference call with analysts, according to Reuters. "With ample stocks around the world, there is a very subdued environment for us to make profitable international trades," Luciano noted. If it heats up, that could cause the Fed to roll off the balance sheet earlier. Gennadiy Goldberg, an interest-rate strategist Net profit attributable to ADM rose to US$339 million, or 59 cents per share, in the quarter ended March 31, up from US$230 million, or 39 cents a share, in the same quarter a year earlier, the Chicago-based company said in a statement. Shares of Mosaic also dropped, trading 7.6 per cent weaker as of 1.46pm, after the US maker of fertiliser posted quarterly earnings that missed expectations amid lower phosphate and potash prices. Mosaic swung to a net loss attributable to the company of US$900,000 for the quarter ended March 31, compared with a profit of US$256.8 million, a year earlier, it said in a statement. Even so, the company is upbeat about the outlook. "We are seeing positive developments in the phosphates industry following a challenging 2016," Joc O'Rourke, chief executive officer, said in the statement. "Realised product prices are rising, demand continues to be strong and we believe China is in the process of restructuring its industry." "For the remainder of 2017, we expect improved margins in our phosphate business as we begin to realise the benefits of improving market conditions and completed plant maintenance," he noted. In Europe the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.8 percent gain from the previous close. Germany's DAX Index rose 0.6 percent, as did the UK's FTSE 100 Index, while France's CAC40 Index added 0.7 percent. - BusinessDesk By Margreet Dietz Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Kevin Page: With all my love and a toaster Modern marriage uncharted territory for many a father of the bride Hawke's Bay Today Chopper appeal up and running Fundraising underway for rescue helicopter Bay of Plenty Times AIMS Games 2017 build up begins The build-up for the AIMS Games in September begins Our Features' Top Stories Driven India aims for 100% of car sales by 2030 to be electric cars Big changes could be on the way for India's automotive fleet... Viva Where to Go: Cotto pop-up restaurant, K Rd Make a date asap for the handmade pasta at Cotto, opening tomorrow for only three months… True Commercial Ideal Grey Lynn owner-occupier or investor buy A two-level office and warehouse building is for sale. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 03 May 2017 19:03:14 Processing Time: 14ms
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Fannie Mae (FNMA: OTCQB) | Fannie Mae Prices $1.371 Billion Connecticut Avenue Securities Risk Sharing Deal WASHINGTON, May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Fannie Mae (OTC Bulletin Board: FNMA) priced its third­­­­ credit risk sharing transaction of 2017 under its Connecticut Avenue Securities™ (CAS) program. CAS Series 2017-C03, a $1.371 billion note offering, is scheduled to settle on May 10, 2017. CAS is Fannie Mae’s benchmark issuance program designed to share credit risk on its single-family conventional guaranty book of business. „Our third risk sharing transaction of the year was met with overwhelming demand by investors, who are drawn to the consistency of our program and the quality of the underlying collateral,” said Laurel Davis, vice president of credit risk transfer, Fannie Mae. „Per our published deal calendar, we expect to return to the market with our next CAS deal, 2017-C04, in mid-May. Our upcoming deal will reference loans that have loan-to-value ratios between 80 and 97 percent.”  The reference pool for CAS Series 2017-C03 consists of more than 167,000 single-family mortgage loans with an outstanding unpaid principal balance of approximately $41.2 billion. The loans in this reference pool have original loan-to-value ratios between 60 and 80 percent and were acquired from July 2016 through October 2016. The loans included in this transaction are fixed-rate, generally 30-year term, fully amortizing mortgages and were underwritten using rigorous credit standards and enhanced risk controls. Fannie Mae will retain a portion of the 1M-1, 1M-2, and 1B-1 tranches in order to align its interests with investors throughout the life of the deal.  Fannie Mae will retain the full 1B-2 tranche. Class Offered Amount ($MM) Pricing Level Expected Rating 1M-1 $568.164 1-month Libor plus 95 bps Baa3 (sf) from Moody’s and BBB (sf) from DBRS. 1M-2 $607.347 1-month Libor plus 300 bps B2 (sf) from Moody’s and B (high) (sf) from DBRS. 1B-1 $195.918 1-month Libor plus 485 bps This class will not be rated Barclays Capital („Barclays”) is the lead structuring manager and joint bookrunner and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc. („BofA Merrill”) is the co-lead manager and joint bookrunner. Co-managers are Citigroup Global Markets („Citigroup”), J.P. Morgan Securities LLC („J.P. Morgan), Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC („Morgan Stanley”) and Nomura Securities International, Inc. („Nomura”). Selling group members are Academy Securities and Siebert Cisneros Shank & Co.    Through this transaction and other credit risk sharing programs, Fannie Mae increases the role of private capital in the mortgage market and reduces taxpayer risk. With the completion of this transaction, Fannie Mae will have brought 19 CAS deals to market since the program began, issued $23.9 billion in notes, and transferred a portion of the credit risk to private investors on single-family mortgage loans with an original unpaid principal balance of approximately $802 billion. Since 2013, Fannie Mae has transferred a portion of the credit risk on approximately $989 billion in single-family mortgages through all of its risk transfer programs. Fannie Mae’s deliberate issuer strategy works to build the CAS program in a sustainable way to promote liquidity and to build a broad and diverse investor base. To promote transparency and to help investors evaluate our program, Fannie Mae provides ongoing robust disclosure data to help credit investors evaluate the program, as well as access to news, resources, and analytics through its credit risk sharing webpages. This includes Fannie Mae’s innovative Data Dynamics™ tool, which enables market participants to analyze CAS deals that are currently outstanding. In addition to the flagship CAS program, Fannie Mae continues to reduce risk to taxpayers through its Credit Insurance Risk Transfer™ (CIRT™) reinsurance program and other forms of risk transfer. About Connecticut Avenue Securities™ CAS notes are bonds issued by Fannie Mae. The amount of periodic principal and ultimate principal paid by Fannie Mae is determined by the performance of a large and diverse reference pool. For more information on individual CAS transactions and Fannie Mae’s approach to credit risk transfer, visit http://www.fanniemae.com/portal/funding-the-market/credit-risk/index.html. To view the periods in 2017 during which Fannie Mae may issue Connecticut Avenue Securities (CAS), please view our 2017 CAS Issuance Calendar. Statements in this release regarding the company’s future CAS transactions are forward-looking. Actual results may be materially different as a result of market conditions or other factors listed in „Risk Factors” or „Forward-Looking Statements” in the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. This release does not constitute an offer or sale of any security. Before investing in any Fannie Mae issued security, potential investors should review the disclosure for such security and consult their own investment advisors. Fannie Mae helps make the 30-year fixed-rate mortgage and affordable rental housing possible for millions of Americans. We partner with lenders to create housing opportunities for families across the country. We are driving positive changes in housing finance to make the home buying process easier, while reducing costs and risk. To learn more, visit fanniemae.com and follow us on twitter.com/fanniemae. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fannie-mae-prices-1371-billion-connecticut-avenue-securities-risk-sharing-deal-300449839.html SOURCE Fannie Mae Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsFannie Mae Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Rice Market to Expand Rapidly Owing to the Growing Fast Food Industry and Restaurants During the Forecast Period 2016 – 2023 Next PostNext Global Vinegar Market to Reach US$ 1.50 Billion by 2022 Search Recent Posts Specialty Pharmacy Patient Choice Award Winners Announced at Asembia 2017 Rambus to Present at Two Investor Conferences in May Cimpress to Present at the SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Internet and Digital Media Conference Matson To Present At Oppenheimer Industrial Growth Conference Former North Charleston, South Carolina, Police Officer Michael Slager Pleads Guilty to Federal Civil Rights Offense RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Fannie Mae Prices $1.371 Billion Connecticut Avenue Securities Risk Sharing Deal WASHINGTON, May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Fannie Mae (OTC Bulletin Board: FNMA) priced its third­­­­ credit risk sharing transaction of 2017 under its Connecticut Avenue Securities™ (CAS) program. CAS Series 2017-C03, a $1.371 billion note offering, is scheduled to settle on May 10, 2017. CAS is Fannie Mae’s benchmark issuance program designed to share credit risk on its single-family conventional guaranty book of business. „Our third risk sharing transaction of the year was met with overwhelming demand by investors, who are drawn to the consistency of our program and the quality of the underlying collateral,” said Laurel Davis, vice president of credit risk transfer, Fannie Mae. „Per our published deal calendar, we expect to return to the market with our next CAS deal, 2017-C04, in mid-May. Our upcoming deal will reference loans that have loan-to-value ratios between 80 and 97 percent.”  The reference pool for CAS Series 2017-C03 consists of more than 167,000 single-family mortgage loans with an outstanding unpaid principal balance of approximately $41.2 billion. The loans in this reference pool have original loan-to-value ratios between 60 and 80 percent and were acquired from July 2016 through October 2016. The loans included in this transaction are fixed-rate, generally 30-year term, fully amortizing mortgages and were underwritten using rigorous credit standards and enhanced risk controls. Fannie Mae will retain a portion of the 1M-1, 1M-2, and 1B-1 tranches in order to align its interests with investors throughout the life of the deal.  Fannie Mae will retain the full 1B-2 tranche. Class Offered Amount ($MM) Pricing Level Expected Rating 1M-1 $568.164 1-month Libor plus 95 bps Baa3 (sf) from Moody’s and BBB (sf) from DBRS. 1M-2 $607.347 1-month Libor plus 300 bps B2 (sf) from Moody’s and B (high) (sf) from DBRS. 1B-1 $195.918 1-month Libor plus 485 bps This class will not be rated Barclays Capital („Barclays”) is the lead structuring manager and joint bookrunner and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc. („BofA Merrill”) is the co-lead manager and joint bookrunner. Co-managers are Citigroup Global Markets („Citigroup”), J.P. Morgan Securities LLC („J.P. Morgan), Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC („Morgan Stanley”) and Nomura Securities International, Inc. („Nomura”). Selling group members are Academy Securities and Siebert Cisneros Shank & Co.    Through this transaction and other credit risk sharing programs, Fannie Mae increases the role of private capital in the mortgage market and reduces taxpayer risk. With the completion of this transaction, Fannie Mae will have brought 19 CAS deals to market since the program began, issued $23.9 billion in notes, and transferred a portion of the credit risk to private investors on single-family mortgage loans with an original unpaid principal balance of approximately $802 billion. Since 2013, Fannie Mae has transferred a portion of the credit risk on approximately $989 billion in single-family mortgages through all of its risk transfer programs. Fannie Mae’s deliberate issuer strategy works to build the CAS program in a sustainable way to promote liquidity and to build a broad and diverse investor base. To promote transparency and to help investors evaluate our program, Fannie Mae provides ongoing robust disclosure data to help credit investors evaluate the program, as well as access to news, resources, and analytics through its credit risk sharing webpages. This includes Fannie Mae’s innovative Data Dynamics™ tool, which enables market participants to analyze CAS deals that are currently outstanding. In addition to the flagship CAS program, Fannie Mae continues to reduce risk to taxpayers through its Credit Insurance Risk Transfer™ (CIRT™) reinsurance program and other forms of risk transfer. About Connecticut Avenue Securities™ CAS notes are bonds issued by Fannie Mae. The amount of periodic principal and ultimate principal paid by Fannie Mae is determined by the performance of a large and diverse reference pool. For more information on individual CAS transactions and Fannie Mae’s approach to credit risk transfer, visit http://www.fanniemae.com/portal/funding-the-market/credit-risk/index.html. To view the periods in 2017 during which Fannie Mae may issue Connecticut Avenue Securities (CAS), please view our 2017 CAS Issuance Calendar. Statements in this release regarding the company’s future CAS transactions are forward-looking. Actual results may be materially different as a result of market conditions or other factors listed in „Risk Factors” or „Forward-Looking Statements” in the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. This release does not constitute an offer or sale of any security. Before investing in any Fannie Mae issued security, potential investors should review the disclosure for such security and consult their own investment advisors. Fannie Mae helps make the 30-year fixed-rate mortgage and affordable rental housing possible for millions of Americans. We partner with lenders to create housing opportunities for families across the country. We are driving positive changes in housing finance to make the home buying process easier, while reducing costs and risk. To learn more, visit fanniemae.com and follow us on twitter.com/fanniemae. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fannie-mae-prices-1371-billion-connecticut-avenue-securities-risk-sharing-deal-300449839.html SOURCE Fannie Mae Related Links http://www.fanniemae.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Disposable Bioreactor Market Analysis, Revenue, Price, Market Share, Growth Rate, Forecast by 2022 Next PostNext Hershey Declares Quarterly Dividends Search Recent Posts Truck Mounted Concrete Pumps Market Growth Opportunities by Regions, Type & Application; Trend Forecast to 2022 Sodium Cocoyl Glutamate Market Production, Consumption, Export and Import, Revenue, Price Trend by Type, Analysis by 2022 AHAM Approves New Volunteer Leaders AHAM Approves New Volunteer Leaders Netilmicin sulfate Market 2021: Top Companies, Regional Growth Overview and Growth Factors Details by Regions, Types & Applications RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Wall Street elite find it hard to bank on Trump's breakup talk Reuters By Lawrence Delevingne, Svea Herbst-Bayliss and Olivia Oran 12 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Oil falls as forecast US fuel supply gain counters crude drop House GOP takes first steps to undo financial law © REUTERS/Andrew Kelly A street sign for Wall Street is seen outside the New York Stock Exchange in Manhattan, New York City At an annual gathering of the world's most powerful thinkers and trendsetters in Beverly Hills this week, business leaders and major investors said they have gotten used to dismissing most things that President Donald Trump says or tweets. Quotes in the article JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM ▼ 86.50 -0.56 -0.64% Bank of America Corporation BAC ▼ 23.53 -0.08 -0.34% Citigroup Inc C ▲ 59.71 +0.25 +0.42% AdChoices On panels at the Milken Institute Global Conference, CEOs and billionaires were generally enthusiastic about Trump's mission to reform healthcare, cut taxes, reduce regulations and stimulate the economy. Panelists including JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) CEO Jamie Dimon and hedge fund billionaire Ken Griffin offered positive remarks about the president and urged attendees to give him more time to accomplish such sizeable goals. But in interviews on the sidelines, the Wall Street set was far more dubious that Trump can get anything done. "I don't take Trump seriously," said a senior executive at one of the country's six largest banks. "I'm listening less and less." Like most who wanted to share their more candid views privately, the executive spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid angering the president, his employer or business associates. But his comments were echoed by at least a dozen institutional investors and bank executives who spoke to Reuters. While they remain hopeful Trump will be able to get reforms through Congress, the lack of progress combined with conflicting messages coming out of the administration make it hard to put faith in anything, they said. Several cited comments on Monday from Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who joked on a panel that bank investors should thank him for boosting share prices. Hours later, Bloomberg News published an interview with Trump, in which said he was considering breaking up the country's biggest banks – an idea that is an anathema to shareholders of lenders like JPMorgan, Bank of America Corp (BAC.N) or Citigroup Inc (C.N). However, few people at the event in the Beverly Hilton Hotel appeared to take the comment seriously. "Until it's signed into law, you can't bank on it," said Aaron Cutler, a regulatory lawyer at Hogan Lovells who lobbies Congress on behalf of banks and hedge funds and was milling about on a sunny terrace. He said his clients are not yet acting on anything the administration says. A report last week by PwC's financial services regulatory practice echoed that view. Despite Trump's talk of quick action, PwC predicts his executive orders will "yield few results," that plans to repeal a package of financial regulations called Dodd-Frank will not happen, and that any change in Washington will be slow due to a lack of consensus, a slothy appointments process and upcoming midterm elections. A spokeswoman for Trump did not return a request for comment for this article by publication time. Even as Wall Street honchos privately disregard the administration's mixed messages, they were rubbing shoulders with top White House officials around the event and afterwards at swanky parties. Among the guests at one evening soirée was a cheetah from the San Diego Zoo. In addition to Mnuchin, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos were all featured speakers at the Milken conference. Each has a background in business or finance, something other conference-goers found encouraging. Ultimately, some said, they have to consider whether Trump is making a statement to win political points or because he truly wants to accomplish a goal. If the former, his remarks can be more easily dismissed, they said. The head of a multi-billion-dollar hedge fund firm said the situation has become "a Rorschach test" where people celebrate or shrug off Trump's comments depending on what they want to see. Sir Michael Hintze, founder of $12.5 billion investment firm CQS, said people are being too hard on the president. Trump may have a different style because he is not a politician by nature, but has his heart in the right place, Hintze said. "I'm pretty constructive about the whole thing," he said. "Everyone was there to hate him, (but) Trump's a decent man." (Reporting by Lawrence Delevingne, Svea Herbst and Olivia Oran; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Bernard Orr) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Quintana starts quest for Giro-Tour double in Italy Reuters Italy tax chief says close to deal with Google over tax dispute: paper Reuters VW in talks with Exxon, Gazprom on gas-powered cars: Mueller on ORF Reuters Reuters View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Fannie Mae Prices $1.371 Billion Connecticut Avenue Securities Risk Sharing Deal WASHINGTON, May 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Fannie Mae (OTC Bulletin Board: FNMA) priced its third­­­­ credit risk sharing transaction of 2017 under its Connecticut Avenue Securities™ (CAS) program. CAS Series 2017-C03, a $1.371 billion note offering, is scheduled to settle on May 10, 2017. CAS is Fannie Mae's benchmark issuance program designed to share credit risk on its single-family conventional guaranty book of business. "Our third risk sharing transaction of the year was met with overwhelming demand by investors, who are drawn to the consistency of our program and the quality of the underlying collateral," said Laurel Davis, vice president of credit risk transfer, Fannie Mae. "Per our published deal calendar, we expect to return to the market with our next CAS deal, 2017-C04, in mid-May. Our upcoming deal will reference loans that have loan-to-value ratios between 80 and 97 percent."  The reference pool for CAS Series 2017-C03 consists of more than 167,000 single-family mortgage loans with an outstanding unpaid principal balance of approximately $41.2 billion. The loans in this reference pool have original loan-to-value ratios between 60 and 80 percent and were acquired from July 2016 through October 2016. The loans included in this transaction are fixed-rate, generally 30-year term, fully amortizing mortgages and were underwritten using rigorous credit standards and enhanced risk controls. Fannie Mae will retain a portion of the 1M-1, 1M-2, and 1B-1 tranches in order to align its interests with investors throughout the life of the deal.  Fannie Mae will retain the full 1B-2 tranche. Class Offered Amount ($MM) Pricing Level Expected Rating 1M-1 $568.164 1-month Libor plus 95 bps Baa3 (sf) from Moody's and BBB (sf) from DBRS. 1M-2 $607.347 1-month Libor plus 300 bps B2 (sf) from Moody's and B (high) (sf) from DBRS. 1B-1 $195.918 1-month Libor plus 485 bps This class will not be rated Barclays Capital ("Barclays") is the lead structuring manager and joint bookrunner and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc. ("BofA Merrill") is the co-lead manager and joint bookrunner. Co-managers are Citigroup Global Markets ("Citigroup"), J.P. Morgan Securities LLC ("J.P. Morgan), Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC ("Morgan Stanley") and Nomura Securities International, Inc. ("Nomura"). Selling group members are Academy Securities and Siebert Cisneros Shank & Co.    Through this transaction and other credit risk sharing programs, Fannie Mae increases the role of private capital in the mortgage market and reduces taxpayer risk. With the completion of this transaction, Fannie Mae will have brought 19 CAS deals to market since the program began, issued $23.9 billion in notes, and transferred a portion of the credit risk to private investors on single-family mortgage loans with an original unpaid principal balance of approximately $802 billion. Since 2013, Fannie Mae has transferred a portion of the credit risk on approximately $989 billion in single-family mortgages through all of its risk transfer programs. Fannie Mae's deliberate issuer strategy works to build the CAS program in a sustainable way to promote liquidity and to build a broad and diverse investor base. To promote transparency and to help investors evaluate our program, Fannie Mae provides ongoing robust disclosure data to help credit investors evaluate the program, as well as access to news, resources, and analytics through its credit risk sharing webpages. This includes Fannie Mae's innovative Data Dynamics™ tool, which enables market participants to analyze CAS deals that are currently outstanding. In addition to the flagship CAS program, Fannie Mae continues to reduce risk to taxpayers through its Credit Insurance Risk Transfer™ (CIRT™) reinsurance program and other forms of risk transfer. About Connecticut Avenue Securities™ CAS notes are bonds issued by Fannie Mae. The amount of periodic principal and ultimate principal paid by Fannie Mae is determined by the performance of a large and diverse reference pool. For more information on individual CAS transactions and Fannie Mae's approach to credit risk transfer, visit http://www.fanniemae.com/portal/funding-the-market/credit-risk/index.html. To view the periods in 2017 during which Fannie Mae may issue Connecticut Avenue Securities (CAS), please view our 2017 CAS Issuance Calendar. Statements in this release regarding the company's future CAS transactions are forward-looking. Actual results may be materially different as a result of market conditions or other factors listed in "Risk Factors" or "Forward-Looking Statements" in the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. This release does not constitute an offer or sale of any security. Before investing in any Fannie Mae issued security, potential investors should review the disclosure for such security and consult their own investment advisors. Fannie Mae helps make the 30-year fixed-rate mortgage and affordable rental housing possible for millions of Americans. We partner with lenders to create housing opportunities for families across the country. We are driving positive changes in housing finance to make the home buying process easier, while reducing costs and risk. To learn more, visit fanniemae.com and follow us on twitter.com/fanniemae. SOURCE Fannie Mae CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Real Estate, Residential Real Estate Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ProBility Media Corp. Expands Distribution with New 2017 Electrician Exam Preparation Series Next PostNext ViewRay Showcases World’s First Commercially Available MRI-Guided Linac System at Leading European Radiation Oncology Meeting Search Recent Posts Sodium Xylene Sulfonate Market Segmentation and Analysis by Recent Trends, Development and Growth by Regions to 2021 Salad Dressing Market Segmentation and Analysis by Recent Trends, Development and Growth by Trending Regions 2017 Telenav Reports Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results Apricus Biosciences Regains Compliance with Nasdaq Continued Listing Requirements Camber Provides Update On Closing Of Arrowhead Purchase Agreement RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Finance Search Search WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: May 3 ChinaChina Has Tightened Its Grip on Online News With Sweeping New Controls HIVDoctors Discuss What it Will Take to Rid the World of AIDS genomicsHow Scientists Think CRISPR Will Change Medicine Wall Street Why Wall Street Has Stopped Listening to Donald Trump Reuters May 02, 2017 At an annual gathering of the world's most powerful thinkers and trendsetters in Beverly Hills this week, business leaders and major investors said they have gotten used to dismissing most things that President Donald Trump says or tweets. On panels at the Milken Institute Global Conference, CEOs and billionaires were generally enthusiastic about Trump's mission to reform health care, cut taxes, reduce regulations, and stimulate the economy. Panelists including JPMorgan Chase & Co CEO Jamie Dimon and hedge fund billionaire Ken Griffin offered positive remarks about the president and urged attendees to give him more time to accomplish such sizeable goals. But in interviews on the sidelines, the Wall Street set was far more dubious that Trump can get anything done. "I don't take Trump seriously," said a senior executive at one of the country's six largest banks. "I'm listening less and less." Like most who wanted to share their more candid views privately, the executive spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid angering the president, his employer or business associates. But his comments were echoed by at least a dozen institutional investors and bank executives who spoke to Reuters. While they remain hopeful Trump will be able to get reforms through Congress, the lack of progress combined with conflicting messages coming out of the administration make it hard to put faith in anything, they said. Several cited comments on Monday from Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who joked on a panel that bank investors should thank him for boosting share prices. Hours later, Bloomberg News published an interview with Trump, in which said he was considering breaking up the country's biggest banks – an idea that is an anathema to shareholders of lenders like JPMorgan, Bank of America Corp or Citigroup Inc. However, few people at the event in the Beverly Hilton Hotel appeared to take the comment seriously. "Until it's signed into law, you can't bank on it," said Aaron Cutler, a regulatory lawyer at Hogan Lovells who lobbies Congress on behalf of banks and hedge funds and was milling about on a sunny terrace. He said his clients are not yet acting on anything the administration says. A report last week by PwC's financial services regulatory practice echoed that view. Despite Trump's talk of quick action, PwC predicts his executive orders will "yield few results," that plans to repeal a package of financial regulations called Dodd-Frank will not happen, and that any change in Washington will be slow due to a lack of consensus, a slothy appointments process and upcoming midterm elections. A spokeswoman for Trump did not return a request for comment for this article by publication time. Even as Wall Street honchos privately disregard the administration's mixed messages, they were rubbing shoulders with top White House officials around the event and afterwards at swanky parties. Among the guests at one evening soirée was a cheetah from the San Diego Zoo. In addition to Mnuchin, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos were all featured speakers at the Milken conference. Each has a background in business or finance, something other conference-goers found encouraging. Ultimately, some said, they have to consider whether Trump is making a statement to win political points or because he truly wants to accomplish a goal. If the former, his remarks can be more easily dismissed, they said. The head of a multi-billion-dollar hedge fund firm said the situation has become "a Rorschach test" where people celebrate or shrug off Trump's comments depending on what they want to see. Sir Michael Hintze, founder of $12.5 billion investment firm CQS, said people are being too hard on the president. Trump may have a different style because he is not a politician by nature, but has his heart in the right place, Hintze said. "I'm pretty constructive about the whole thing," he said. "Everyone was there to hate him, (but) Trump's a decent man." Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics TWLO FEYE Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Apple (AAPL) dips after Q2 sales, Q3 guidance miss >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > 3 Proxies of the Global Banking Environment When taken together, GS, JPM and MS represent the health of the banking sector By Charles Payne, Editor, Smart Investing  |  May 2, 2017, 12:52 pm EDT     Popular Posts: Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN), Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) Are Solid Long-Term Buys Recent Posts: 3 Proxies of the Global Banking Environment Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN), Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) Are Solid Long-Term Buys Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Has Recovered, But I Still Won’t Buy It View All Posts Last week, I tweeted about what I called “globalist stocks” leading the rally in late April. I have to say, I was being a little tongue-in-cheek considering the fact that the current political atmosphere believes all the countries in the world could put up walls and not trade with each other — which, I might add, is very unrealistic. That being said, there is a stark difference between economic interactions and the goal of a “One World Government.” Source: Shutterstock The three names I mentioned were JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) and Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS). These large money center banks feed at the trough of central bank money. However, if there is one group of names that represents the politicalization of a global economy, it’s these three. Taken together, they’re a good proxy of the health of the banking system. JPM and GS are solid picks for longer-term investors, though be aware that they are more fully valued. In the end, a better global economic proxy is Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT), which blew away consensus when it released first-quarter earnings on Tuesday. It was an earnings trifecta, with the company beating on both the top and bottom lines and also raising its full-year outlook. I’ve recommended this stock for a while, and my subscribers have already made a lot of money in it, but I suspect it could be on the precipice of a major breakout. But circling back to banks, I’m more a fan of the regional banks, which remain undervalued. One of my favorites in this group is Zions Bancorp (NASDAQ:ZION). It reported solid earnings after the close on Monday, and I expect the strengthening economy and higher interest rates will benefit the company nicely. Management must be confident in higher share prices as well, since ZION repurchased $45 million worth of stock in the last quarter. All in all, the heartbeat of the economy is humming along much faster than it’s getting credit for and I can’t wait to see what the rest of the year has in store for us. Curious what Wall Street insider Charles Payne really thinks? Get more behind-the-scenes insights, valuable market research and hands-on guidance including live stock recommendations from Fox Business’s rising star. Charles Payne’s Smart Talk is absolutely FREE for a limited-time only. Sign up today! Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/3-proxies-of-the-global-environment-jpm-gs-ms/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Market’s Next Big Rally 4 Popular Stocks Hitting New Lows Why Tesla Stock Should Keep Rising for Years to Come 3 Energy ETFs to Buy Today for Better Gains Tomorrow 3 Financial Stocks to Short Now 15 Things to Buy With Your Sell in May Profits ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Market’s Next Big Rally 3 Energy ETFs to Buy Today for Better Gains Tomorrow 4 Popular Stocks Hitting New Lows 15 Things to Buy With Your Sell in May Profits 3 Financial Stocks to Short Now Most Popular 10 Simply Safe Dividend Stocks to Buy for Retirement 4 High-Yield Stocks to Buy for 6%-Plus Dividends 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year Why Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Will Hit $165 After Earnings The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Next Decade 4 Retail Stocks on the Verge of Bankruptcy Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 53-64 We set you thinking Wednesday 3 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business VW in talks with Exxon, Gazprom on gas-powered cars: Mueller on ORF 1493793339 World US moves to ban ‘lunch shaming’ kids for unpaid meals 1493792809 Singapore People with OCD face their worst fears to get better 1493755320 Singapore Downtown Line resumes normal service after disruption lasting over 5 hours 1493771400 World Suicide attack on NATO convoy in Kabul kills eight civilians 1493789629 Singapore Man jailed, caned for molesting woman near Havelock Road 1493735220 Business Factbox: Berkshire Hathaway, Warren Buffett at a glance 1493790137 Business Buffett to face big crowd as Berkshire grows bigger 1493790137 Singapore S$150 million set aside to build capabilities in artificial intelligence 1493778420 World As U.S. and China find common ground on North Korea, is Russia the wild card? 1493789187 World Watchdog group slams Mexico for failing to protect journalists 1493787701 World Malaysia arrest six nationwide for IS links 1493787108 China&India HK furries: Men and women who dress up as animals say they feel more at home in their second skin 1493784060 Business Peugeot to test self-driving cars in Singapore 1493785909 World Trump aide lays out 'disruptive' approach on eve of Mideast talks 1493785061 World Another Turkish man reported missing in KL: Report 1493785307 Singapore Two girls arrested for misusing boarding passes to meet K-pop star at Changi Airport 1493783809 Business Asia stocks ride global momentum, dollar up on June Fed rate hike bets 1493783069 World Trump’s turn toward China curtails navy patrols in disputed zones 1493781409 World What on earth might a Trump-Kim Jong Un meeting look like? 1493780160 Business SIA launches flights powered by biofuels produced from used cooking oil 1493780807 World Chess tourney referee mulls legal action over dress-code row 1493733660 World Thai schoolgirl learns to smile again after teacher assault 1493776860 World Macron and Le Pen to square off in French pre-election TV debate 1493777759 Business Democrats dig in, delay against Dodd-Frank overhaul 1493762802 World Clinton, denouncing Trump, calls herself ‘part of the resistance’ 1493776910 Singapore Wild monkey that terrorised Segar Road residents finally caught 1493734440 Singapore TODAY's morning brief for Wednesday, May 3 1493757900 Voices Fair to consider public opinion in legislative reviews 1493775406 Entertainment The Eagles sue Hotel California 1493775110 Sports Everton winger Aaron Lennon detained by UK police under Mental Health Act 1493774805 Business High-end iPhone pushes prices up for Apple, even as sales slow 1493773946 Business Apple posts surprise dip in iPhone sales, shares fall 1493762539 Business Singdollar at lowest this year against ringgit 1493773260 Business Oil rebounds on U.S. stocks drawdown, declining OPEC compliance weighs 1493772888 World Mexican singer Luis Miguel surrenders to U.S. marshals 1493758481 Business U.S. lawmakers grill airline executives after customer disasters 1493761704 World Japan’s most famous list includes an emperor, prime ministers and at least two porn stars 1493771760 Business Brent crude closes at 2017 low, erases gains since OPEC's cuts 1493770847 World Japan envoy urges South Korea to remove ‘comfort woman’ statues 1493770260 China&India China craves foreign goods, students in Australia supply them 1493767908 World China's Silk Road push in Thailand may founder on Mekong River row 1493766421 Tech Apple growing cash stash spurs talk of huge acquisition 1493766407 Business Restaurant, retail calorie disclosure rule in flux under Trump 1493766055 World Ex-Guinea minister in bribery case tells jury that payments were loans 1493765542 Business Super-rich private equity stars rue 'lousy' reputation, say they are misunderstood 1493765680 World US anti-missile system THAAD goes live in South Korea 1493766108 World Some 900 Jordanians fight in Syria, Iraq; recruitment slumps: senior official 1493764790 Business Wall Street edges up on heavy earnings day; Fed on tap 1493757790 Sports Ronaldo hat-trick vs Atletico leaves Real Madrid on verge of final 1493764605 Business Wall Street elite find it hard to bank on Trump's breakup talk Attendees watch conference speakers on television screens outside during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 2:15 AM, May 3, 2017 Updated: 5:00 AM, May 3, 2017 NEW YORK - At an annual gathering of the world's most powerful thinkers and trendsetters in Beverly Hills this week, business leaders and major investors said they have gotten used to dismissing most things that President Donald Trump says or tweets. On panels at the Milken Institute Global Conference, CEOs and billionaires were generally enthusiastic about Trump's mission to reform healthcare, cut taxes, reduce regulations and stimulate the economy. Panelists including JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N> CEO Jamie Dimon and hedge fund billionaire Ken Griffin offered positive remarks about the president and urged attendees to give him more time to accomplish such sizeable goals. But in interviews on the sidelines, the Wall Street set was far more dubious that Trump can get anything done. "I don't take Trump seriously," said a senior executive at one of the country's six largest banks. "I'm listening less and less." Like most who wanted to share their more candid views privately, the executive spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid angering the president, his employer or business associates. But his comments were echoed by at least a dozen institutional investors and bank executives who spoke to Reuters. While they remain hopeful Trump will be able to get reforms through Congress, the lack of progress combined with conflicting messages coming out of the administration make it hard to put faith in anything, they said. Several cited comments on Monday from Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who joked on a panel that bank investors should thank him for boosting share prices. Hours later, Bloomberg News published an interview with Trump, in which said he was considering breaking up the country's biggest banks – an idea that is an anathema to shareholders of lenders like JPMorgan, Bank of America Corp <BAC.N> or Citigroup Inc <C.N>. However, few people at the event in the Beverly Hilton Hotel appeared to take the comment seriously. "Until it's signed into law, you can't bank on it," said Aaron Cutler, a regulatory lawyer at Hogan Lovells who lobbies Congress on behalf of banks and hedge funds and was milling about on a sunny terrace. He said his clients are not yet acting on anything the administration says. A report last week by PwC's financial services regulatory practice echoed that view. Despite Trump's talk of quick action, PwC predicts his executive orders will "yield few results," that plans to repeal a package of financial regulations called Dodd-Frank will not happen, and that any change in Washington will be slow due to a lack of consensus, a slothy appointments process and upcoming midterm elections. A spokeswoman for Trump did not return a request for comment for this article by publication time. Even as Wall Street honchos privately disregard the administration's mixed messages, they were rubbing shoulders with top White House officials around the event and afterwards at swanky parties. Among the guests at one evening soirée was a cheetah from the San Diego Zoo. In addition to Mnuchin, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos were all featured speakers at the Milken conference. Each has a background in business or finance, something other conference-goers found encouraging. Ultimately, some said, they have to consider whether Trump is making a statement to win political points or because he truly wants to accomplish a goal. If the former, his remarks can be more easily dismissed, they said. The head of a multi-billion-dollar hedge fund firm said the situation has become "a Rorschach test" where people celebrate or shrug off Trump's comments depending on what they want to see. Sir Michael Hintze, founder of $12.5 billion investment firm CQS, said people are being too hard on the president. Trump may have a different style because he is not a politician by nature, but has his heart in the right place, Hintze said. "I'm pretty constructive about the whole thing," he said. "Everyone was there to hate him, (but) Trump's a decent man." REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Nurturing workers key for future economy’ Zalando ponders opening stores in major cities: Manager Magazin Why a Chinese coal miner may be vying for Singapore Mobile Carrier M1 White House says Trump to sign spending bill Thursday or Friday What’s worse than divorce or death of a spouse? Getting fired, studies say Westinghouse says will operate normally in Asia, Europe despite Chapter 11 Wells Fargo overhauls lawmaking and policy arm Wells Fargo CEO sees benefits to putting employees before shareholders Wells Fargo board gets black eye in shareholder vote Wells Fargo board faces peculiar problem after lukewarm shareholder vote Inside Today World US moves to ban ‘lunch shaming’ kids for unpaid meals Suicide attack on NATO convoy in Kabul kills eight civilians As U.S. and China find common ground on North Korea, is Russia the wild card? Watchdog group slams Mexico for failing to protect journalists Malaysia arrest six nationwide for IS links Business VW in talks with Exxon, Gazprom on gas-powered cars: Mueller on ORF Factbox: Berkshire Hathaway, Warren Buffett at a glance Buffett to face big crowd as Berkshire grows bigger Peugeot to test self-driving cars in Singapore Asia stocks ride global momentum, dollar up on June Fed rate hike bets Sports Everton winger Aaron Lennon detained by UK police under Mental Health Act Ronaldo hat-trick vs Atletico leaves Real Madrid on verge of final Training ground, funds for overseas stints needed: Fandi Former VP Chan joins opposition to contest athletics polls Veteran sports journalist Dan Guen Chin dies Entertainment The Eagles sue Hotel California Singapore band Wormrot to play at Glastonbury Local film-makers explore Chinese roots in anthology Sale of tickets for Harry Styles’ concert to commence this Friday Addressing the controversy of 13 Reasons Why — as a parent About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout The Guam Daily Post About Us Contact Us Rewards Advertise Subscribe Submission Forms e-Edition News Guam News CNMI Pacific Weather Business Real Estate Technology Stock Market The Globe Philippines/Asia Nation World Forum Editorials Featured Columnists Letters to the Editor Entertainment Movies Lifestyle Odd News Food Community Classifieds Obituaries Event Calendar Sports Guam Sports Nation World Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Gallery Timelines From Readers Submit News About Us Contact Us Subscribe Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout e-Edition 87° Clear Barrigada, GU (96913) Today Partly cloudy. High 88F. Winds E at 15 to 25 mph.. Tonight Clear to partly cloudy. Low 79F. Winds ENE at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: May 3, 2017 @ 3:54 pm Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Rewards Advertise Subscribe Submission Forms e-Edition News Guam News CNMI Pacific Weather Business Real Estate Technology Stock Market The Globe Philippines/Asia Nation World Forum Editorials Featured Columnists Letters to the Editor Entertainment Movies Lifestyle Odd News Food Community Classifieds Place an Ad Obituaries Event Calendar Sports Guam Sports Nation World Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Gallery Timelines From Readers Submit News AllianceBernstein ousts Kraus, removes directors in shake-up Bloomberg May 3, 2017 Updated 1 hr ago (…) AllianceBernstein Holding, the money manager that oversees about $498 billion, ousted Chief Executive Officer Peter Kraus and more than half of the board in a shake-up. JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s Seth Bernstein will take over as CEO and Robert Zoellick, a former World Bank president and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. executive, as chairman, the company said Monday in a statement. Kraus had held both positions and stands to get at least $99.3 million as part of an exit agreement. Weekly Online Poll Poll results are published in every Monday issue of The Guam Daily Post. Should the government of Guam borrow $75 million for tax refunds from a financial institution and pledge federal Section 30 funds as lien? You voted: Yes, it will save interest payments owed to taxpayers in the long run. No, GovGuam should start cutting expenses instead of borrowing. Vote View Results Back Forum Protect small kids from getting trapped in cars The Guam Daily Post Updated 1 hr ago Naio Attan and Derrick Atan are cousins and seniors at Simon Sanchez High School who happened to be at the right place at the right time. Read more 'Heroes' who saved toddlers identified • Editorials • Featured Columnists • Letters to the Editor Featured A coastal cruise to Ylig Bay, Turtle Cove and Taga'chang Beach This weekend’s hike is a triple treat for hikers who love the beach, snorkeling and ocean life! We explore the southeast coastline of Guam, from Ylig Bay to Turtle Cove and finally Taga’chang Beach in Yona, providing a lot to see and lots of water fun along the way. Read more Kitchen Lingo reopens, serves innovative dishes made with artistry In the heart of downtown Hagåtña lies one of the island’s best kept secrets: Kitchen Lingo – a beautifully designed craft restaurant quietly known for its inventive local fare and eclectic fusion creations. Read more Baby Cambria Libby reviews local and national eateries As if local chefs, cooks and kitchen workers didn’t already have enough heat to contend with in their kitchens, food critic and blogger Cambria Marie Libby was prepared to turn it up even more when she visited the island over the past few weeks. Read more Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Sports Islanders sweep Sharks to advance +2 (…) The Independent Interscholastic Athletic Association of Guam boys’ volleyball playoffs kicked off Tuesday night at John F. Kennedy High School with the seventh-ranked JFK Islanders dispatching the tenth-ranked Simon Sanchez Sharks in straight sets at 25-23, 25-14, 25-11. • Guam Sports • National Sports • World Sports Most Popular Articles Images Videos Articles Teens save toddlers locked in car New license requirements start today Husband allegedly tells wife to choose which child he kills SWAT raids apartment 'Heroes' who saved toddlers identified Active shooter situation reported in Dededo 1,000 could lose jobs Music producer from Guam hits No. 1 with DJ Khaled Police seek public's help in Agat stabbing 4 suspects arrested in drug bust Images Videos Kids Post Click the Kids Post issue below to check out the free e-Edition! e-Edition Supplements Click the front page of our latest Special Supplement below to read the e-Edition, FREE! Submit an Ad If you're interested in submitting a classified ad, click here.Submit Online Features Family Living advertorial A Perfect Mother’s Day in Three Simple Steps Updated 23 hrs ago Business And Careers advertorial Propanc Health Group Changes Name, Continues Cancer Research May 2, 2017 Community Cares advertorial Electric Shock Drowning -- The Hidden Danger to Swimmers And Boaters Updated May 2, 2017 Real-time Stocks Sections News The Globe Forum Sports Community Multimedia Online Features Services Subscription Services Site Forms Search Contact Information 388 S. Marine Corps Drive, Suite 301 Tamuning, Guam 96913 Phone: (671) 649-1924 Email: webmaster@postguam.com Follow Us
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Firstpost . Wednesday, May 03, 2017Switch to हिन्दी SportsTracker From aerodynamics to tyres, all F1 rule changes for 2017 season explained Front Page Politics Kumar Vishwas to quit Aam Aadmi Party? In a game of one-upmanship, party will soon decimate itself Kumar Vishwas threatens to quit AAP: Amid turmoil, Arvind Kejriwal reaches out, calls for PAC meet at 11 am Congress floats outfit for Patel community in poll-bound Gujarat, calls it a non-political movement Tainted TMC leaders will go to jail very soon, says BJP leader Kailash Vijayvargiya, demands their resignation Soldiers beheaded on LoC: Uddhav Thackeray tells Narendra Modi to stop 'Mann ki baat', start 'Gun ki baat' with Pakistan Indian soldiers mutilated by Pakistan: BJP hits back at Congress, says Modi govt will respond appropriately Sports Sultan Azlan Shah Cup: Indian hockey team's uncharacteristic defensive blips result in Australia loss West Indies vs Pakistan, 2nd Test: Hosts respond after Azhar Ali ton; Misbah-ul-Haq out for 99 Champions League: Zinedine Zidane hails Cristiano Ronaldo's 'unique' goal-scoring record Champions League: Cristiano Ronaldo's decisiveness helps Real Madrid continue dominance over Atletico Asian Boxing Championship: Shiva Thapa, Manoj Kumar advance to quarterfinals IPL 2017: Yuvraj Singh's return to form silver lining for SRH in loss to Delhi Daredevils India CBI arrests Mumbai IT Commissioner BB Rajendra Prasad on charges of taking bribes from corporate house Digitisation, epayments in big mess? With no regulation in place, customers face the risk of scams RERA: How have your state diluted the Act? Check out this simple chart In UP's Etawah, labourer carries body of 15-year-old son after hospital 'denies help' In Goa, report filthy beaches to state govt through WhatsApp message Karnataka MLC sends pornographic images on WhatsApp group containing senior govt officials, journalists World Kabul: Eight civilians killed in suicide attack on Nato convoy, days after Taliban threat of targeting govt personnel JeM begins conducting conferences across towns in Pakistan to explain Quranic verses on jihad FBI Director Comey was best thing to happen to Clinton: Donald Trump EU's Brexit negotiator to hold talks with UK govt, will unveil new recommendations US government needs a 'shutdown' to 'fix mess': Donald Trump France's Marine Le Pen says she is 'best placed' to talk to Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin, Narendra Modi Business Digitisation, epayments in big mess? With no regulation in place, customers face the risk of scams RERA: How have your state diluted the Act? Check out this simple chart 'Mobile internet witnesses faster users growth in rural India' FATCA non-compliant accounts not blocked automatically India surpassed energy efficiency targets for 2012-2015, but why is Modi govt not making data public? India voices concern over Australia's change in visa programme Life Vast wave of hot gas found in nearby Perseus galaxy cluster Four years after rescue, over 200 Bangladeshi victims of trafficking still await a return home Maharasthra lost forests 660 times iconic Oval Maidan of Mumbai in seven years Indian scientists develop wound healing ointment by modifying naturally occurring wood Good relationships with spouse, children can lower the risk of dementia, says study Scientists discover new tumour-shrinking nanoparticle to fight breast cancer, prevent recurrence Entertainment Bahubali 2: The Conclusion touches $100 million mark; now how much higher can it go? Priyanka Chopra wishes Dwayne Johnson; Sushant's fanboy moment with Aamir: Social Media Stalker's Guide Baahubali 2 star Prabhas becomes first south Indian actor to get wax statue at Madam Tussaud's; see pictures Tubelight: Salman Khan, Sohail flaunt their brotherly bond in new poster; teaser out tomorrow Kamal Haasan reveals new details about Vishwaroopam 2; Waheeda Rehman to play his mom Karnataka caps ticket price for all movies at Rs 200 after 'Baahubali-2' shows became expensive Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी IPL 2017 You are here: Latest News Fwire News Wall Street elite find it hard to bank on Trump's breakup talk | Reuters Wall Street elite find it hard to bank on Trump's breakup talk | Reuters FwireReutersMay, 02 2017 23:34:17 IST By Lawrence Delevingne, Svea Herbst-Bayliss and Olivia Oran | NEW YORK NEW YORK At an annual gathering of the world's most powerful thinkers and trendsetters in Beverly Hills this week, business leaders and major investors said they have gotten used to dismissing most things that President Donald Trump says or tweets.On panels at the Milken Institute Global Conference, CEOs and billionaires were generally enthusiastic about Trump's mission to reform healthcare, cut taxes, reduce regulations and stimulate the economy. Panelists including JPMorgan Chase & Co CEO Jamie Dimon and hedge fund billionaire Ken Griffin offered positive remarks about the president and urged attendees to give him more time to accomplish such sizeable goals.But in interviews on the sidelines, the Wall Street set was far more dubious that Trump can get anything done."I don't take Trump seriously," said a senior executive at one of the country's six largest banks. "I'm listening less and less."Like most who wanted to share their more candid views privately, the executive spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid angering the president, his employer or business associates. But his comments were echoed by at least a dozen institutional investors and bank executives who spoke to Reuters.While they remain hopeful Trump will be able to get reforms through Congress, the lack of progress combined with conflicting messages coming out of the administration make it hard to put faith in anything, they said. Several cited comments on Monday from Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who joked on a panel that bank investors should thank him for boosting share prices. Hours later, Bloomberg News published an interview with Trump, in which said he was considering breaking up the country's biggest banks – an idea that is an anathema to shareholders of lenders like JPMorgan, Bank of America Corp or Citigroup Inc.However, few people at the event in the Beverly Hilton Hotel appeared to take the comment seriously."Until it's signed into law, you can't bank on it," said Aaron Cutler, a regulatory lawyer at Hogan Lovells who lobbies Congress on behalf of banks and hedge funds and was milling about on a sunny terrace. He said his clients are not yet acting on anything the administration says. A report last week by PwC's financial services regulatory practice echoed that view. Despite Trump's talk of quick action, PwC predicts his executive orders will "yield few results," that plans to repeal a package of financial regulations called Dodd-Frank will not happen, and that any change in Washington will be slow due to a lack of consensus, a slothy appointments process and upcoming midterm elections.A spokeswoman for Trump did not return a request for comment for this article by publication time.Even as Wall Street honchos privately disregard the administration's mixed messages, they were rubbing shoulders with top White House officials around the event and afterwards at swanky parties. Among the guests at one evening soirée was a cheetah from the San Diego Zoo. In addition to Mnuchin, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos were all featured speakers at the Milken conference. Each has a background in business or finance, something other conference-goers found encouraging.Ultimately, some said, they have to consider whether Trump is making a statement to win political points or because he truly wants to accomplish a goal. If the former, his remarks can be more easily dismissed, they said. The head of a multi-billion-dollar hedge fund firm said the situation has become "a Rorschach test" where people celebrate or shrug off Trump's comments depending on what they want to see.Sir Michael Hintze, founder of $12.5 billion investment firm CQS, said people are being too hard on the president. Trump may have a different style because he is not a politician by nature, but has his heart in the right place, Hintze said."I'm pretty constructive about the whole thing," he said. "Everyone was there to hate him, (but) Trump's a decent man." (Reporting by Lawrence Delevingne, Svea Herbst and Olivia Oran; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Bernard Orr) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. Published Date: May 02, 2017 11:34 pm | Updated Date: May 02, 2017 11:34 pm × T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 May 3 KKR Vs RPS 2 May 4 DD Vs GL 3 May 5 RCB Vs KXIP 4 May 6 SRH Vs RPS 5 May 6 DD Vs MI Full Schedule Top Stories Aadhaar mandatory: Citizens don't have absolute right on their body, privacy argument bogus, govt tells SC Aam Aadmi Party Live: Amid Infighting, PAC Meet Begins at Kejriwal's Residence IPL 2017: Changes in Delhi Daredevils' batting order helps them register a win, finally Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin discuss Syria in effort to de-escalate tensions in war-torn country Market looks overvalued and it’s nearly May: Should we sell and go away? Infosys to hire 10,000 in US: Vishal Sikka's smart move can contain Trump aggression with high tech Baahubali 2: The Conclusion touches $100 million mark; now how much higher can it go? Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs HYD Delhi Daredevils beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 6 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs GUJ Rising Pune Supergiant beat Gujarat Lions by 5 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs BLR Mumbai Indians beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 5 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs KOL Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 48 runs Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI Vs PAK Live Now Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs DEL Kings XI Punjab beat Delhi Daredevils by 10 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs MUM Gujarat Lions tied with Mumbai Indians (Mumbai Indians win Super Over by 5 runs) Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs BLR Rising Pune Supergiant beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 61 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs HYD Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Kings XI Punjab by 26 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs DEL Kolkata Knight Riders beat Delhi Daredevils by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs PNE - May 3rd, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL vs GUJ - May 4th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Ireland in England, 2 ODI Series, 2017 ENG vs IRE - May 5th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs PUN - May 5th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs PNE - May 6th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL vs MUM - May 6th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Ireland in England, 2 ODI Series, 2017 ENG vs IRE - May 7th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs KOL - May 7th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs GUJ - May 7th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs MUM - May 8th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Delhi MCD Elections 2017 Results - Live Counting Delhi MCD Elections 2017 South Delhi MCD Election Ward List 2017 North Delhi MCD Election Ward List 2017 East Delhi MCD Election Ward List 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Michael Hudson: Review of Steve Keen’s “Can We Avoid Another Financial Crisis?” - 05/03/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/2/2017 - 05/02/2017 - Lambert Strether How Norway Shows the Limits of “Civilized Capitalism” and Social Organization - 05/02/2017 - Yves Smith Links 5/2/17 - 05/02/2017 - Yves Smith British Press Hissy Fit Over Predictable EU Move to Relocate Euro-Clearing to the Continent - 05/02/2017 - Yves Smith Canadian Bank Run Contagion Begins? - 05/02/2017 - Yves Smith CalPERS Hides Bogus Persecution: Promised Public Hearing for Lone Effective Director Held in Secret - 05/02/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/1/2017 - 05/01/2017 - Lambert Strether Taxes, and the Parable of “Turning Litter Into Money” - 05/01/2017 - Lambert Strether 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/2/2017 Posted on May 2, 2017 by Lambert Strether By Lambert Strether of Corrente Politics 2016 Post Mortem “Why did Trump win? New research by Democrats offers a worrisome answer.” [Greg Sargent, WaPo]. “Economic anxiety.” As if an opioid epidemic and tens of thousands of excess deaths per year in deindustriallized America were some sort of psychological condition… “Clinton headlines events for groups troubled by Trump” [CNN]. That should do it. “As reported in the Philadelphia Inquirer, On November 9, 2016, Bethany Katz, an organizer who worked directly for the Pennsylvania Democratic Committee, filed a federal lawsuit, on behalf of herself and all other organizers who worked directly or indirectly for the DNC, in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania asserting that the Democratic National Committee (“DNC”) and the Pennsylvania Democratic Party violated federal and state law by requiring her and others to work in excess of 40 hours per workweek while denying her and others overtime compensation guaranteed by law” [Swartz Swidler]. “On January 20, 2017, Ms. Katz, joined by 6 other organizers who directly worked for other state democratic parties, amended the Complaint, adding 6 other state democratic parties to the lawsuit, and alleging that the state parties worked with the DNC in coordinating work and denying overtime pay to organizers.” 2017 GA-06: “An internal poll conducted for Democrat Jon Ossoff’s campaign shows him locked in a dead heat with Republican Karen Handel in the June 20 runoff to represent Georgia’s 6th District” [Atlanta Journal-Constitution]. “The poll was conducted by Anzalone Liszt Grove Research, a polling firm that worked for Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton.” By “internal poll,” we mean “poll designed to be leaked.” 590 likely voters, 4% margin of error. Realignment and Legitimacy Seeing the Clintons as a part of one’s own political identity is corrosive and only serves as further indictment of the Democratic Party and its supporters, both of whom are now so out of touch that they’re looking to people spreading Infowars-esque conspiracy theories about a Soviet menace for comfort and direction. Chelsea Clinton, as grounded and benign as she may appear to be on Twitter, is still the wealthy daughter of a former president and Secretary of State. She has not come to prominence because of her own labor but due to the exploitation of the labor of others, and while this isn’t specific to the Clintons, it is part and parcel of the aristocratic nature of American politics. And this deserves challenging” [Paste Magazine]. “The Collapse of American Identity” [New York Times]. “But recent survey data provides troubling evidence that a shared sense of national identity is unraveling, with two mutually exclusive narratives emerging along party lines. At the heart of this divide are opposing reactions to changing demographics and culture. The shock waves from these transformations — harnessed effectively by Donald Trump’s campaign — are reorienting the political parties from the more familiar liberal-versus-conservative alignment to new poles of cultural pluralism and monism.” Monism. Such stuff. Carmen Rios is the editor of Ms. Magazine. Do click through to the images: Dear @MsMagazine: please tell @carmenriosss you can disagree w/sanders w/out wishing for his imminent death. This is vile &amp; disturbing. 1 pic.twitter.com/DmMGFqW2Cc &mdash; katie halper (@kthalps) May 2, 2017 And just to reinforce the message [NOTE: When I pasted this code in, it worked. Now, it doesn’t. I also saw the first tweet imaged above. It too has been deleted.] gonna write in chelsea clinton &#39;til bernie dies &mdash; carmen rios 🚬👑🦄 (@carmenriosss) April 24, 2017 I’m so old that I remember when calling for a political opponent’s death would have been considered in bad taste… “Thanks to human ingenuity, most of the changes history has brought, large or small, whether they seemed catastrophic in the moment or not, have ushered in progress in its many forms and led us to the better world in which we live today — a world in which people live longer, are better educated, are healthier, have access to more opportunities, are wealthier, and have every reason to be happier than any prior generation in history” [David Rothkopf, Foreign Policy]. Shorter Rothkopf: Deal with it, proles! Even though this is a family blog: Stephen Colbert to Trump: “The only thing your mouth is good for is being Vladimir Putin’s cock holster.” https://t.co/d5K2k2nH4x pic.twitter.com/3lPliSceTH &mdash; The Daily Beast (@thedailybeast) May 2, 2017 That should play in Peoria. Stats Watch Gallup US Economic Confidence Index, April 2017: “economic confidence weakened slightly but remains positive about the current state of the U.S. economy” [Econoday]. “46 percent said the economy was “getting better” in April, while 47 percent said it was ‘getting worse.’… Nonetheless, improved economic confidence has yet to translate into notable gains in “hard” measures of actual economic output, such as gross domestic product or consumer spending. Indeed, “soft” data — measuring general economic perceptions such as Gallup’s economic confidence index — and “hard” data are telling two very different stories of the U.S. economy. The soft data seem to suggest strong economic growth is just around the corner, while the hard data — as evidenced by Friday’s GDP report — currently depict an economy that is slowly growing.” Motor Vehicle Sales, April 2017: “The earliest hint on whether consumer spending bounced back up in April is not favorable. With about half the totals in, unit vehicle sales are running no better than March’s very disappointing annualized” [Econoday]. “Final unit sales for April will be posted at day’s end…. Note that April’s result will offer the first hard indication on the second-quarter economy.” Shipping: “UPS Inc. and FedEx Corp. are offering a new type of pricing for deliveries within a 50-mile radius, according to a person familiar with the companies’ strategy, in a move designed to divert local “last mile” business-to-consumer traffic normally moving with the U.S. Postal Service (USPS)” [DC Velocity]. Shipping: “United Parcel Service Inc. is asking major retailers to help pay for the extra workers and added space needed during the year’s busiest shipping periods… and wants them to pay when their forecasts veer of course. UPS, like rival FedEx Corp. , is grappling with the e-commerce boom, and the company wants to recoup the billions it is investing to handle the surge in online shopping, a shift that’s triggered an upheaval in distribution networks, fractured traditional forecasting and carved back profit margins” [Wall Street Journal]. “FedEx has dropped some retailers that refused price increases, while UPS appears to be taking a more targeted “surge pricing” approach. Amazon.com Inc. tried a variation on the strategy last year when it started charging a premium for merchants to use its warehouses in November and December. UPS appears to be saying with the new effort that it will take on the investment but not all of the risk.” Shipping: “Local authorities in Liverpool are deliberating with the government on the potential of establishing a free trade zone around the port of Liverpool. A free trade area is a designated location within which goods are traded and manufactured without customs duties or taxes” [Lloyd’s List]. Brexit fallout… Retail: “America’s packaged-food giants are being pushed out of the most coveted space in the grocery supply chain. Instead of promoting canned soup, cereal and cookies, grocery stores are giving better play to fresh food, prepared hot meals, and items from local upstarts favored by increasingly health-conscious consumers” [Wall Street Journal]. “That’s changing the very physical structure of stores, with grocery chains increasingly carving out space for counters with fresh meals that shoppers can take home. That leaves less room for the industry heavyweights and the packaged goods that saw sales volume fall 2.4% in the first quarter, part of a long-running trend that has accelerated during a long stretch of falling food prices.” I’d like to see a breakdown by income on this… The Bezzle: “Nearly 90 per cent of new cars [in the UK] are sold using finance deals, most of which mean the owner in effect leases a vehicle for three or four years rather than buys it outright” [The Times of London]. “Nearly 90 per cent of new cars are sold using finance deals, most of which mean the owner in effect leases a vehicle for three or four years rather than buys it outright. These so-called personal contract plans (PCPs) allow people to secure cars for monthly payments, helping to cause a motoring boom. Experts fear, however, that many customers are being sold loans without having the terms properly explained to them. Analysts suggest a financial downturn could result in thousands of drivers unable to keep up payments, leaving dealers with a glut of second-hand cars they would struggle to sell. The Times can reveal that The Car Finance Company, a provider of finance to those with poor credit histories, appears to be in financial trouble. Six directors of the ‘sub-prime’ lender have quit since the beginning of March and its accounts are listed by Companies House as overdue.” The Bezzle: “Wells Fargo, JPMorgan Wary of Auto Loans, Pack Them in Bonds” [Bloomberg]. “Both banks have grown more reluctant to make new subprime loans using money from their own balance sheets. … At the same time the firms are indirectly funding billions of dollars of the loans by helping companies like Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. borrow in the asset-backed securities market, essentially shunting money from bond investors to finance companies.” But: “‘There’s a problem with subprime auto, which we see,’ said [Jamie] Dimon, whose bank offers auto lending through its consumer banking division. ‘But subprime auto is so small relative to the US debt market it won’t make a difference to the system.'” [Yahoo Finance]. The Bezzle: “The federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Wednesday took a new action against Security National Automotive Acceptance Co. (SNAAC), an auto lender based in Mason that specializes in loans to servicemembers. The step will cost the company a $1.25 million penalty” [Cincinatti Enquirer]. “In 2015, the bureau ordered SNAAC to pay penalties for illegal debt collection tactics, including making threats to contact servicemembers’ commanding officers about debts and exaggerating the consequences of not paying. SNAAC violated the 2015 order by failing to provide more than $1 million in refunds and credits, affecting more than 1,000 consumers. Wednesday’s consent order requires SNAAC to make good on the refunds and credits it owes and pay the penalty.” The Bezzle: “Before too long, it will be impossible to buy a new car without an embedded LTE modem” [Ars Technica]. Swell. I sure hope there aren’t any security issues with the firmware… The Bezzle: “In recent months, major companies that offered dedicated Apple Watch apps have since abandoned the platform, quietly removing support for watchOS in updates submitted to the App Store” [Apple Insider]. Just as dumb as Google Glass, except nobody invented the term “glasshole” for the Apple Watch. So, Apple, go back to making everything thinner, crapifying your software, and failing to deliver for professionals who’ve built a lifetime round your brand. Concentration: “Domestically, [American, Delta, Southwest and United] control nearly 69% of the seating capacity. For trans-Atlantic flights, three — United, American, and Delta Air Lines Co. (NYSE: DAL) — control 82% of seat capacity. United, for example, controls more than 50% of seat capacity at 31 U.S. airports. At 17 of those airports, United owns 100% of seating capacity” [247 Wall Street]. “In its compilation of 155 U.S. airports, the [U.S. Travel Association] found that, in addition to United, American controlled 100% of seating capacity at 32 airports and Delta controlled 100% of capacity at 25 airports. Southwest controlled more than 50% of seating capacity at 18 airports and more than 90% at four airports. Southwest did not have control of 100% of seats at any airport.” Statistics: “But every first quarter report in the post-financial-crisis economic recovery has been weak…. That’s because the Commerce Department has not yet fully resolved how to deal with residual seasonality” [Business Insider]. “Here’s how seasonality works: we know that consumers tend to spend more around Christmas. But it’s not because their incomes increase leading up to those holidays. So the Commerce Department has make adjustments to reflect the fact that people are spending more just because they want to give gifts — instead of assuming that something underpinning the economy has suddenly changed.” But why would this same logic no apply before the Crash, as well as after? What am I missing, here? Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 51 Neutral (previous close: 49, Neutral) [CNN]. One week ago: 46 (Fear). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed. Last updated May 2 at 12:11pm. Like the Five Horsemen of the Techpocalyse are Mr. Market’s Id, and the Fear & Greed Index is Mr. Market’s superego? Health Care “Since the 2010 election, the 24 lawmakers on the two California legislative committees that will consider the single-payer legislation have collectively received more than $819,000 in donations from the industry groups that are officially opposing the measure. The cash haul includes more than $80,000 to the chairmen of the Assembly and Senate health committees, the latter of which is set to consider the legislation at a public hearing Wednesday” [David Sirota, International Business Times]. Ka-ching. “Sen. Dianne Feinstein told her constituents at a recent San Francisco town hall event that she’s not ready to support a single-payer health care system — an idea that has been gaining steam at the state level in California” [David Sirota, International Business Times]. “A week later, Feinstein was even further from there, benefitting from a fundraising event at the Washington, D.C., office of Avenue Solutions, a lobbying firm that represents major health insurers, pharmaceutical companies and the primary trade association for doctors…. Feinstein supporters at the event were expected to kick in $1,000 to $5,000 for her re-election bid.” Ka-ching. According to aggregate ‘whip counts’ conducted by various outlets, somewhere between 20 and 22 Republican members of the House have said they will vote ‘no’ on the American Health Care Act, which would repeal and replace Obamacare. That’s right on the edge of the 22 members Republicans can afford to lose for the bill to pass” [Business Insider]. “White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and White House economic adviser Gary Cohn expressed optimism the latest push to unwind former Democratic President Barack Obama’s health-care program would succeed” [CNBC] “‘I think it will happen this week,’ Priebus said on CBS. In a separate interview, Cohn said he expected the plan to come to the House floor for a full vote. ‘We’re convinced we’ve got the votes, and we’re going to keep moving on with our agenda,’ he said.” “Trumpcare’s long odds in the Senate, explained by a Republican senator” [Sarah Kliff, Vox]. Bill Cassidy: “I guess the roadblocks are you have to socialize everybody to certain concepts. One example: The American Health Care Act had a provision that if you weren’t working, you couldn’t get a credit. There is a gentleman at Heritage Foundation who said it won’t work. EMTALA, the Emergency Medical Treatment and Labor Act, means that someone can walk into the emergency room and get treated. Federal law requires that. f you get in a wreck with multiple trauma and you’re in the hospital for six months, society eats that cost. I think people have to become emotionally aware and intellectually aware of the fact that Congress, when it passed EMTALA, made that a right. I see as people become more aware of these issues [that] we’re moving more to an agreement on our approach.” “[A] procedural rift is beginning to emerge within the GOP, with several Republicans questioning whether reconciliation — the fast-track legislative process that circumvents a filibuster, and thus the need for Democratic support — is even the best avenue for health care overhaul efforts” [Politico]. “Single-Payer ‘Medicare for All’ Is the Only Health-Care System That Makes Sense” [The Nation]. ” California could be America’s Saskatchewan if groundbreaking legislation continues to advance through the legislature.” If only California were sovereign in its own currency… Class Warfare “An Uber engineer killed himself. His widow says the workplace is to blame” [USA Today]. “[Joseph Thomas] would say, ‘I feel stupid, they’re all laughing at me,’ and yet this was a guy who was as hardworking, driven and focused as there ever was,’ [said his wife, Zecole Thomas]. ‘He only had one year of college, but if there was a coding language he didn’t know, he’d study hard and three months later get certificates saying he knew them. It’s all very heartbreaking.'” “The Cold World of Deindustrialization” [Stanford University Press Blog]. “[M]aking work more like art was an effective way to get people to work longer and harder and commit more fully to their jobs, often in exchange for mere psychological compensation.” Hmm… “Using panel data on individual labor income histories from 1957 to 2013, we document two empirical facts about the distribution of lifetime income in the United States. First, from the cohort that entered the labor market in 1967 to the cohort that entered in 1983, median lifetime income of men declined by 10%–19%. We find little-to-no rise in the lower three-quarters of the percentiles of the male lifetime income distribution during this period. Accounting for rising employer-provided health and pension benefits partly mitigates these findings but does not alter the substantive conclusions. For women, median lifetime income increased by 22%–33% from the 1957 to the 1983 cohort, but these gains were relative to very low lifetime income for the earliest cohort” [NBER]. “[T]he closing lifetime gender gap has kept overall lifetime inequality virtually flat. The increase within gender groups is largely attributed to an increase in inequality at young ages, and partial life-cycle income data for younger cohorts indicate that the increase in inequality is likely to continue. Overall, our findings point to the substantial changes in labor market outcomes for younger workers as a critical driver of trends in both the level and inequality of lifetime income over the past 50 years.” News of the Wired “What makes someone donate a kidney to a stranger?” [WaPo]. “”Extraordinary altruists,” as the researchers call them, come from all age, race and socioeconomic groups. Some are religious, others are not. But unlike almost everyone else, they don’t see less value in a stranger’s life than in the life of a close friend or relative, the researchers found. And they are genuinely puzzled that the rest of the world doesn’t view other people the same way.” “Red alert! Intel patches remote execution hole that’s been hidden in biz, server chips since 2008” [The Register]. “The programming blunder can only be fully addressed with a firmware-level update, and it is present in millions of chips. It is effectively a backdoor into computers all over the world.” Hoo boy. For those who like their humor very, very dry, Bob & Ray: “There in stately splendor, far removed from the squalid village below, they play out their petty games of money and power….” * * * Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here. And here’s today’s plant (via): Diphterio: “Another ‘alien’ plant species: Beargrass. Since they only bloom once every four years, it’s always a little bit special to come across a field all in bloom…and so much pollen!” See additional discussion from NC plant geeks. * * * Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the Naked Capitalism fundraisers. Please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate $25$50$75$100 00000 This entry was posted in Guest Post, Water Cooler on May 2, 2017 by Lambert Strether. About Lambert Strether Readers, I have had a correspondent characterize my views as realistic cynical. Let me briefly explain them. I believe in universal programs that provide concrete material benefits, especially to the working class. Medicare for All is the prime example, but tuition-free college and a Post Office Bank also fall under this heading. So do a Jobs Guarantee and a Debt Jubilee. Clearly, neither liberal Democrats nor conservative Republicans can deliver on such programs, because the two are different flavors of neoliberalism (“Because markets”). I don’t much care about the “ism” that delivers the benefits, although whichever one does have to put common humanity first, as opposed to markets. Could be a second FDR saving capitalism, democratic socialism leashing and collaring it, or communism razing it. I don’t much care, as long as the benefits are delivered. To me, the key issue — and this is why Medicare for All is always first with me — is the tens of thousands of excess “deaths from despair,” as described by the Case-Deaton study, and other recent studies. That enormous body count makes Medicare for All, at the very least, a moral and strategic imperative. And that level of suffering and organic damage makes the concerns of identity politics — even the worthy fight to help the refugees Bush, Obama, and Clinton’s wars created — bright shiny objects by comparison. Hence my frustration with the news flow — currently in my view the swirling intersection of two, separate Shock Doctrine campaigns, one by the Administration, and the other by out-of-power liberals and their allies in the State and in the press — a news flow that constantly forces me to focus on matters that I regard as of secondary importance to the excess deaths. What kind of political economy is it that halts or even reverses the increases in life expectancy that civilized societies have achieved? I am also very hopeful that the continuing destruction of both party establishments will open the space for voices supporting programs similar to those I have listed; let’s call such voices “the left.” Volatility creates opportunity, especially if the Democrat establishment, which puts markets first and opposes all such programs, isn’t allowed to get back into the saddle. Eyes on the prize! I love the tactical level, and secretly love even the horse race, since I’ve been blogging about it daily for fourteen years, but everything I write has this perspective at the back of it. View all posts by Lambert Strether → Post navigation ← How Norway Shows the Limits of “Civilized Capitalism” and Social Organization Michael Hudson: Review of Steve Keen’s “Can We Avoid Another Financial Crisis?” → Subscribe to Post Comments 99 comments Tom_Doak May 2, 2017 at 2:13 pm Why don’t California leftists primary Senator Feinstein? She is clearly out of step with what they want and a challenge can be made without fear that Team D will lose the seat as a result. I guess it would only cost 50 or 100 million dollars to make it a contest. Reply ↓ Vatch May 2, 2017 at 2:23 pm She’s up for reelection in 2018, so it would make sense for her to have a primary opponent. Pelosi has a primary opponent, so Feinstein should, too. As you say, it would be expensive, but it might not be as expensive as you speculate. Reply ↓ jrs May 2, 2017 at 2:41 pm She’s mostly pretty popular I think (I know this should not be but … things are that should not be let’s just say). State single payer might be a vulnerability but she technically doesn’t get a vote on that anyway (she’s not in the state government afterall), so it’s a token advocacy position she’s taking, it’s blowing hot air and trying to persuade people which it might, or toadying to donors, but she has no actual power in the state government period. And Democrats have no actual power in the Federal government for the most part. Yes people can keep on wasting time pining for a sovereign currency at the state level or some unlikely story. but if we want state single payer many of us in California are MORE THAN willing to pay higher taxes for it. Reply ↓ Vatch May 2, 2017 at 2:53 pm Dianne Feinstein is one of the trade traitors who voted for fast track trade promotion authority. She betrayed her constituents. Reply ↓ jrs May 2, 2017 at 2:58 pm I don’t like her, I think it’s fine to primary, I just wouldn’t assume she is widely disliked in Cali at present though as I don’t think she is (I’ve written to her about issues for years, I personally dislike her but ..). However a really strong charismatic popular candidate could beat her maybe. I have to think she is also thinking of retiring sometime. Reply ↓ Darius May 2, 2017 at 3:34 pm That’s why someone needs to run and rip her a new one. Go real nasty. It shouldn’t be hard, given her record of betrayal. Win or lose, just blow a huge hole in the SS DiFi. Reply ↓ Tim May 2, 2017 at 3:39 pm The Hispanic runner up lady in the Barbara Boxer primary, sounded like a shoe-in to replace Feinstein, not Boxer. Not sure if she will be up to campaigning a second time around. Reply ↓ Anon May 2, 2017 at 9:57 pm Not certain what primary you are referring to, but Boxer did not seek re-election in 2016. Kamala Harris won her vacated Senate seat. DiFi definitely needs to be primary’d, but she and her husband are gazillionaires and California is a big state and requires lots of TV exposure (big bucks). Reply ↓ Ivy May 2, 2017 at 5:18 pm Feinstein is polarizing to California voters. Some, like me, detest her for the venality and other uncharming attributes she brings to her family business, er, her Senatorial duties. That whole CBRE post office real estate scam to benefit her hubby Blum was a few too many steps over the line. Others like her championing of various positions and seniority to influence Congressional actions. Reply ↓ jrs May 2, 2017 at 6:25 pm There is something to be said for being represented by someone with some seniority, serving on committees etc. (i.e. someone with power) as many a person represented by someone without that power, at any level of government (even if they are a truly progressive fairy decent human being that is powerlessly representing them) can testify to. Although how much it matters so long as the Dems are out of power is probably not all that much. She’s too cozy with N.S.A., and the M.I.C. etc. for my taste though. Reply ↓ John Wright May 3, 2017 at 12:37 am One must remember Feinstein’s vote to supporting Medicare Part D (in which Medicare was PROHIBITED from negotiating for lower drug prices). This drug plan was promoted by George W. Bush,and appeared to be a push for elderly votes for Republicans. Her vote was good for Republicans running for office and for big pharma. Feinstein voted for Part D saying, that while it was flawed, it could be fixed later Feinstein is a MIC/Security state neocon who is, amazingly, viewed as a “moderate”. She was all for unrestricted government surveillance until her staff was spied on by the CIA.. Feinstein USUALLY betrays her constituents, but has survived because the Republicans usually run lame candidates against her (maybe they like what she does?). She seems to naturally cleave toward supporting corporate America and more wars in the Middle East. Reply ↓ different clue May 2, 2017 at 8:01 pm A well-funded kamikaze primary opponent who knew it would be a kamikaze effort could leave a lot of fresh bite-wounds all over Feinstein’s face and neck. Reply ↓ Ernesto Lyon May 2, 2017 at 2:54 pm She’s untouchable. The DNC owns California. Reply ↓ Darius May 2, 2017 at 4:18 pm That’s why someone needs to do the political equivalent of a kamikaze run on her. (Metaphorically) fly the plane right into the carrier and kaboom. Show the DNC their dominance won’t go uncontested. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 2, 2017 at 11:54 pm I think what you’re describing is a spoiler campaign in the general election. I’m sure the California Greens would be thrilled to do it. We tried it against Wyden, but the Repubs are so weak here they can’t come up with a threatening candidate. Reply ↓ RootieKazootie May 2, 2017 at 4:18 pm Not entirely accurate. Berniecrats took control of the CA Dem party in Jan 2017. http://thehill.com/homenews/state-watch/315040-sanders-backers-take-over-california-democratic-party Reply ↓ JohnnyGL May 2, 2017 at 5:58 pm Pelosi’s got a carefully carved district that looks harder to storm than a medieval mountain castle. I’d think taking down DiFi would be easier than that. At least you have the broader population of CA to draw from. There’s a lot of potential votes from areas full of disaffected people priced out of LA and San Fran. Senate campaign in CA would definitely be more expensive than a local House seat, though. No doubt there’s a pool of willing donors. I’d throw a few bucks to take down DiFi. Reply ↓ Anon May 2, 2017 at 10:00 pm Except 40% of California voters classify themselves as independent of party affiliation. The times they are a’changin’. Reply ↓ Jonathan Holland Becnel May 2, 2017 at 6:27 pm Misogynist! Scoundrel! Or something to that effect :) Reply ↓ Knifecatcher May 2, 2017 at 2:19 pm Re: built-in LTE modems, my wife’s car is a Nissan Leaf, which uses a built-in cell radio in order to keep the list of charging points in the nav system up to date. It’s probably one of the earlier “connected” cars. At one point Nissan pushed out a software update and basically forgot to put in security. So all you’d need is a Leaf VIN and you could see the battery charge, turn on and off the climate control, and a bunch of other stuff. And that’s without any hacking skills at all. The happy ending to the story is that the built-in radio is on an outdated AT&T 2G frequency that was turned off at the end of 2016, so the system no longer works. Nissan is offering to replace it with a modern radio under warranty but I think I’ll pass. Reply ↓ Ivy May 2, 2017 at 5:22 pm The Nissan LTE issue reminds me of the farm implement IP issues. At what point will all maintenance need to be done at the auto dealer to keep from voiding some warranty? That would mean more struggles for independent mechanics, shade tree or shade shop, and more nails from the NeoLib undertakers in our collective coffins. What is next, GMO food sold under warranty where your digestive system gets hacked if you cook it wrong? Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 2, 2017 at 11:57 pm Why would farmers buy something like that? They aren’t actually stupid, you know. Reply ↓ Altandmain May 2, 2017 at 2:33 pm File this one under class warfare. Socialism or bust for Generation Y: https://www.thenation.com/article/my-generations-best-chance-is-socialism/ Early hair loss: https://moneyish.com/ish/millennials-are-going-bald-from-too-much-stress/ Of course the Democrats are doubling down: https://mateostarvae.wixsite.com/intherightmind/single-post/2017/05/01/Hearings-on-class-action-lawsuit-against-the-DNC-quietly-proceed-as-Dems-double-down-on-their-right-to-an-unfair-primary Apparently this is an admission the Primaries were rigged, something Clinton supporters have been desperately trying to deny. Reply ↓ jo6pac May 2, 2017 at 2:37 pm Yep at hillabillie talk on the clinton news network the normal suspects are still to blame. “Hillary Clinton said Tuesday she takes personal responsibility for her 2016 loss, but also pointed to the timing of a letter from FBI Director James Comey and Russian interference as factors. Same message and the demodogs have no reason to learn a new one because this worked so well in the past. I’m going to shuck fava beans see if that helps my vision thingy on the demodogs. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorMay 2, 2017 at 2:47 pm In the category of things Clinton could not have controlled: 1) James Comey 2) Vladimir Putin In the category of things Clinton could have controlled: 1) Messaging, both positive (“Why am I running?”) and negative (“deplorables”) 2) Robbie Mook 3) Never visiting Wisconsin 4) Spending the month of August at fundraisers instead of on the trail 5) Setting up her privatized email server in the first place 6) Giving those speeches to Goldman Sachs in the first place And on and on and on… Reply ↓ Altandmain May 2, 2017 at 2:49 pm I’d say Comey could have been controlled. Had she not done the unethical things she had done, she never would have been under FBI investigation to begin with. If a normal person ran an email server from work out of their own residence, that would be grounds for dismissal. Reply ↓ TK421 May 2, 2017 at 2:57 pm No, she can’t *control* James Comey, but if she didn’t choose to violate federal law she probably would not have been investigated by him. Reply ↓ Code Name D May 2, 2017 at 7:46 pm Are you kidding? Come you was practically in Clinton’said pocket. Comey’s job was to whitewash her scandals, not investigate them. Reply ↓ hunkerdown May 2, 2017 at 5:02 pm 7) Loretta Lynch, Comey’s boss. Reply ↓ LarryB May 2, 2017 at 5:30 pm Which list do you put Bill in? If he hadn’t unethically met with Lynch on the infamous airport tarmac, Comey would not have been in any position to affect the Clinton campaign. Reply ↓ Ping May 2, 2017 at 7:39 pm How about Hillary soliciting hundreds of millions (billions) from bad actors worldwide in lieu of presidential access under the guise of a charitable foundation that is really exploiting desperate populations (check Haiti) and piggybacking on the legitimate efforts of real non profits…… The fact that the Clinton Foundation with it’s opaque accounting has not demonstrated tremendous noteworthy credible verifiable results with it’s massive treasure chest and now many donors (Australia, Norway etc) have withdrawn contribution commitments after election makes clear this was an influence selling operation and a way to reward their faithful with profitable contracts. So now Hillary claims to be part of “the resistance”?? Go away Hillary and please direct Chelsea toward something useful instead of vainly exploring political life for which she does not resonate with any authenticity whatsoever, and spend the ill gotten gains on true charitable service rather than clinging to power. Reply ↓ montanamaven May 2, 2017 at 9:43 pm This is one of the creepiest things I’ve seen since I started to pay attention to electoral politics in 2004. She is… she looks like some sort of demon. And , sadly, there are a lot of people that will follow her to hell. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood May 2, 2017 at 2:47 pm Distilled version: “I take personal responsibility, but it wasn’t my fault.” *bows reverently to the bronze bust of Nixon on her altar* Reply ↓ ChrisAtRU May 2, 2017 at 7:58 pm She pulled a Ja-Rule … LOL #FyreFestival Reply ↓ Arizona Slim May 2, 2017 at 2:50 pm Me? I think I’ll go outside and throw things. Reply ↓ polecat May 2, 2017 at 5:44 pm I go out and watch the bees flitting to and fro at their hives …… mesmerized to the point of immediately forgetting why I was so pissed-off ! Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 3, 2017 at 12:02 am This afternoon I could hear the neighbor’s bees from 50 feet away. They do have a lot of them, some at our place. Reply ↓ TK421 May 2, 2017 at 2:54 pm That was so mean of James Comey to decide that Hillary broke the law, then refuse to prosecute her. What a raw deal. Such a shame. How does she bear up under such mistreatment? Reply ↓ sid_finster May 2, 2017 at 4:33 pm Still, she persisted…. Reply ↓ Ian May 2, 2017 at 6:52 pm I’m sure all the malicious and unfair treatment and suffering that she had to endure, will all be in the upcoming straight to TV movie exposing an overworked, bumbling Comey trying to answer to different factions within the FBI, the deplorables being deftly manipulated by Putin trolls and an over the top, fascistic Trump and a blindly idealistic Sanders who doesn’t understand the reality of the situation. Enduring all this as she heriocaly puts on a brave face and tries to deftly guide us to a better America. Maybe they will get Meryl Streep. Reply ↓ kimsarah May 3, 2017 at 12:08 am And why is Comey and his Russian connections not being investigated? Reply ↓ Ian May 3, 2017 at 1:27 am As Chomsky put it quite succinctly, everywhere outside of N.America and a good portion of Europe (put forth by at least the corporate media and gov sections) the Russian angle being so seriously pursued is a fucking joke, and a very bad and scary one at that. Ad-libbed a bit, but true to the spirit of the comment. Reply ↓ flora May 2, 2017 at 2:44 pm re: Garish Summit Thanks for that. Those guys always made me laugh. Still do. Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin May 2, 2017 at 2:56 pm Someone linked to this yesterday but now I can’t find who it was. Anyway, excellent if depressing analysis, throwing in with Lambert in regards to current period best understood as Gramscian interregnum. THE RETURN OF THE REPRESSED Reply ↓ cojo May 2, 2017 at 2:59 pm RE: “America’s packaged-food giants are being pushed out of the most coveted space in the grocery supply chain. Instead of promoting canned soup, cereal and cookies, grocery stores are giving better play to fresh food, prepared hot meals, and items from local upstarts favored by increasingly health-conscious consumers” This trend is obviously a continuation of high end boutiques like Whole Foods and the organic movement, but I think this is overall a good thing. Policy in this country has been to make food as cheap as possible from the post war period onward leading to foolish things like subsidized corn and corn syrup found in everything you eat, to the foolish “food pyramid” created by the USDA to promote the four “special interests” eh, I mean, four food groups. In essence we have food insecurity/malnutrition yet caloric overabundance in this country creating an obesity epidemic. It doesn’t have to be that way. Eating healthy does not have to be that much more expensive if you know how to cook, assuming you don’t need meat with every dish. I am heartened to see people more interested in what they eat, where it comes from, etc. The promotion of fresh foods is an important shift in the way our grocers sell to their customers. I hope this leads to healthier eating habits overall. Reply ↓ TK421 May 2, 2017 at 8:17 pm Eating healthy is less expensive than eating poorly. And the cure for obesity is spending less on food. Reply ↓ Big River Bandido May 2, 2017 at 9:11 pm Eating healthy is less expensive than eating poorly. This is only universally true in the long-term sense. In the short-term, the truth of that statement depends very heavily on where you live and how much you earn. People who live in poorer neighborhoods have far less access to healthy foods — good grocery stores, farmers’ markets, etc. Very often, healthy foods are marked up in price in the supermarkets located in the poorest neighborhoods. Often, in the short term, poor people only have enough cash to take care of immediate needs, thus fast “food”. This is to say nothing of the “free time” required to buy and prepare good food at whatever “home” you might have. Reply ↓ different clue May 3, 2017 at 1:43 am No. Actually a cure for sugar-starch-and-fat-caused obesity is spending MORE on BETTER QUALITY food. Which people without the money to pay more for better less obesogenic food can’t do. And which people living in Food Junkyards have trouble finding such food. And 24/7 media advertising for obesogenic sugar-starch-fat food plays a role in obesity similar to the role that 24/7 cigarette advertising played in lung cancer. Reply ↓ jrs May 3, 2017 at 1:57 am despair plays a role too, junky food is afterall much more accessible than opiates (and a slower way to kill oneself). One of the leading causes of death of the middle age white people I think was “liver disease” which most people think of a synonym for alcoholism, which of course it can be, but I have to wonder how many of them have non-alcoholic fatty liver caused problems instead (it goes with diabetes etc.). Reply ↓ a different chris May 2, 2017 at 8:30 pm Make calories as cheap as possible…”food” not so much Reply ↓ TK421 May 2, 2017 at 2:59 pm Clearly, Bernie Sanders is the worst villain walking the Earth today. But what can right-thinking people do about him? Waiting for his death just seems so passive. Reply ↓ Stupid is . . . May 2, 2017 at 6:29 pm OK, I’ll bite. Please qualify that remark. Or is this an attempt at humor re: Carmen Rios is the editor of Ms. Magazine. Reply ↓ TK421 May 2, 2017 at 8:15 pm *Attempt* at humor? I amused myself, at least. Reply ↓ a different chris May 2, 2017 at 3:01 pm You know, I would like to teach 3 little letters to the morons that interview our betters: >”Now the North Koreans are always interested … in trying to get Americans to try to come to negotiate to elevate their status and their position and we should be very careful about giving that way. We should not offer that in the absence of a broader strategic framework to try to get China, Japan, Russia, South Korea to put the kind of pressure on the regime (that will bring them to the table).” W, H, and Y. WHY do you need a “broader strategic framework” — actually, WTF do you even mean by that? Does Hillary and her crowd even know? Just because it isn’t clearly word salad doesn’t mean it has any more calories. And it does turn into word salad, as we can see with a bit of deletion: “in trying to get Americans to try to come to negotiate … put the kind of pressure on the regime (that will bring them to the table)” Actually if you don’t know about the crap in the middle the elipses make it look like Americans are the “regime” that needs to come to the table! She didn’t mean that, but that’s what happens when you try to bullsh*t, doesn’t it? I am under no illusions about North Korea, but the actual problem is the illusions Americans are under regarding our government. Reply ↓ Kokuanani May 2, 2017 at 3:03 pm Re the Apple watch: every time I go by or into the Apple store in our local mall, I notice that there’s NO ONE at the case that displays the watches. Folks are looking at other products or huddled at the back of the store trying to get service, but no one’s looking at [and thus I assume not buying] those watches. Reply ↓ PKMKII May 2, 2017 at 3:13 pm Never see people on the street wearing them either. See plenty of iPhone, iPads, macbooks, no Apple Watches. Reply ↓ Elizabeth Burton May 2, 2017 at 4:06 pm I bought a Samsung Gear 2 refurb because I wanted a watch and since I get a lot of alerts via text it struck me as making more sense than hauling my phone around every time I had to work in another room for more than a few minutes. It’s handy, and it tells the time; and I got it for half-price so quite reasonable since the regular watches I looked at that appealed were running $80-$100. Apple screwed up when they made it possible to link all Apple devices. There’s no reason for an Apple Watch so long as you have an iPhone and an iPad, which both provide the necessary portability, and given a Fitbit provides the “health” stats for a fraction of the Watch cost. Smartwatches are useful if one has the lifestyle to make use of them; otherwise, they’re just overpriced toys. I found them cool when they first came out but saw no compelling reason to own one. Then I did, but I still wasn’t interested in giving Apple $500. Reply ↓ Anon May 2, 2017 at 10:09 pm …there is a “price” you pay for allowing your personal “data” to be gathered by others. Reply ↓ ewmayer May 2, 2017 at 5:16 pm Living in the belly of the beast, Cupertino, I see a modest number of the local techno-poseur class sporting these inane gizmos, but tellingly, all the sporters appear to be well-off middle-agers, i.e. 0 penetration amongst the young techies. Possibly the timepiece analog of the mid-life-crisis-mobile? Reply ↓ nowhere May 2, 2017 at 5:35 pm Tim Cook – “When we combine Watch, Air Pods, and Beats, our revenue from wearables in the last Q was the size of a Fortune 500 company.” Somebody is buying them. Reply ↓ Plerner May 2, 2017 at 8:40 pm i had to find out what an AirPod is. Should have been AirBud, but that may have been a TM infraction on the movie series. I see tons of people with overear headphones so I see the beats point. I have noticed more airbuds than watches simply because wireless buds really make it look like a person is crazy when talking on a phone using them. Reply ↓ RMO May 3, 2017 at 1:18 am “When we combine Watch, Air Pods, and Beats, our revenue from wearables in the last Q was the size of a Fortune 500 company.” When you combine the sales of the home made soap my wife and I make with the sales GM makes of its cars and trucks, that total revenue is also the size of a Fortune 500 company. Yeah, they’re selling them but compared to the two types of headphones mentioned they’re not too impressive in sales or profits. And for that matter, notice the tactic of slipping two lines of headphones into the newly invented “wearables” category seems a little desperate. Reply ↓ Ook May 2, 2017 at 9:13 pm These watches are potentially the equivalent of the pagers of the 1980s. I’ve heard that there is a promising platform being built where the watches detect the presence of a VIP customer based on proximity to his cell phone, and feed instructions accordingly. So it could become part of the uniform for waitresses/bouncers at mid-level restaurants/night-clubs. But definitely not for the non-dork leisure class. Reply ↓ flora May 2, 2017 at 3:03 pm re: Healthcare going waaay out on a limb here. I’m starting to think of health [sic] insurance companies as similar to tobacco companies. Tobacco companies for years and years stalled, stonewalled, tried every legislative trick to avoid regulations; regulations that were necessary because their product has significant adverse health effects. Insurance companies in their current incarnation have significant adverse health effects, too, imo. Reply ↓ jerry May 2, 2017 at 4:20 pm You’re not too far out on the limb, the overton window just makes it seem that way. Reply ↓ nowhere May 2, 2017 at 3:08 pm Being a “watchhole”, I found no value in Amazon’s implementation on the watch. Google says it will be coming back to the watch (one of the most surprising values for me are the notifications during navigation). Not every app needs to be on the watch. As to the other points, abandonment of developers and the scarce output of professional hardware, continue! Reply ↓ Knot Galt May 2, 2017 at 6:38 pm I’m beginning to wonder how much of “being connected” is just a fad? Or, a promise of a better life that with every passing day seems to be an outright lie? When the full appeal of net neutrality begins in earnest, how many people will choose to stay connected when they also know, or suspect, that hi tech gadgetry only gets you more oils salesman and snake charmers and less content providers and information? Who is going to want to scale those paywalls? Reply ↓ voxhumana May 2, 2017 at 3:09 pm “Single-Payer ‘Medicare for All’ Is the Only Health-Care System That Makes Sense” [The Nation]. yeah…like they have in Iraq…. because Dubya’s team, post invasion, insisted: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/mark-dorlester/guaranteed-health-care-in_b_280528.html “Article 31 of the Iraqi Constitution, drafted by your right-wing Bushies in 2005 and ratified by the Iraqi people, includes state-guaranteed (single payer) healthcare for life for every Iraqi citizen.” Reply ↓ PKMKII May 2, 2017 at 3:09 pm re: Paste article on Clintons as Dem party identity. Besides the problems mentioned, the Clintons are an awfully flimsy “aristocracy” to hang a political hat on. Let’s be honest about their “success.” Credit where credit due, Bill does a decent enough job in Arkansas to get national prominence and the nomination in 1992. However, he wins the presidency purely on Perot’s proto-Tea Party candidacy splitting the conservative vote. Without that, HW wins a second term. Bill then goes up in 1996 against a cranky, bewildered, uncharismatically stiff relic from a bygone era, and still can’t manage to get more than 50% of the vote in his re-election. He then proceeds to nearly get kicked out of office due to his taste for chubby interns. Clinton’s protege, Gore, then runs one of the most inept presidential campaigns in U.S. history, running in an economic boom against a guy with negative name recognition and yet loses anyway. Hill, at the same time, gets gifted a senate seat in a solid-blue state, running both times against complete sacrificial no-namers. Loses the 2008 presidential nomination, despite having the full establishment backing and running against a novice. Gets the Sec. of State position purely as a way for Obama to placate the Clintonites. Barely wins the nom in 2016 against a short, bald socialist with a heavy Brooklynite accent, and then makes Gore’s campaign look genius by losing to a reality TV star with zero political experience and an apparent inability to read a book. This is not an aristocracy, it’s a house of fools that can only succeed when they fall upwards or get to shoot fish in a barrel. Reply ↓ Pat May 2, 2017 at 3:56 pm Please do not leave out that Hillary Clinton also lucked out in her original Senate race because her likely opponent had his life implode and they were left with the inept Lazio (who ran the race as the entitled winner in a manner that could have been the blue print for Clinton’s run in 2016). There is a very good chance that if Rudy Giuliani had not gotten prostrate cancer AND have his mistress come to light in the spring of 2000, she could very well have lost. Sure he could have stupidly menaced her in the debate like Lazio did, but if not… Reply ↓ Ernesto Lyon May 2, 2017 at 7:48 pm JFK Jr.’s death was also quite timely do her Senate run. Reply ↓ Octopii May 2, 2017 at 10:06 pm Ouch!! Reply ↓ OpenthepodbaydoorsHAL May 2, 2017 at 10:18 pm You do NOT want to cross Bubba Inc. Read up on the list of deaths, I thought it would be 3 or 4 but it’s more like 20+ Reply ↓ kimsarah May 3, 2017 at 12:06 am When the heat is on, stay away from airplanes and nail guns and really tall buildings. Reply ↓ polecat May 2, 2017 at 5:51 pm At some point they become the fish ! I can almost smell the rot wafting through the intertubes … Reply ↓ Harold May 2, 2017 at 6:43 pm Bernie is not short. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 2, 2017 at 7:02 pm Height-adjusted scoring. In the business world today, height discrimination is real. One day in a more progressive world, colleges will height-adjust when admitting new students. “We lead the way to height-equality. Long legs are no more superior than short legs.” Reply ↓ Marina Bart May 2, 2017 at 11:27 pm He’s like 5’11”. If you look at pictures with Obama, he’s a tiny bit shorter, but he’s also hunched over. Bernie is not short. Reply ↓ diptherio May 2, 2017 at 3:23 pm Some links on the Co-op tip: A video from Kali Akuno of Cooperation Jackson. Important insight for effective organizing for social change. Kali suggests 1) convene People’s Assemblies; 2) organize worker co-ops; 3) organize for electoral power…in that order. Cooperation Jackson actually did the third step before the second — getting Chokwe Lumumba elected mayor, before his untimely death — but now Kali says he thinks they should have done the co-op work before throwing all their energy into the electoral realm. Food for thought. Learning from Mississippi: Building a Social and Political Strategy http://www.geo.coop/story/learning-mississippi Youth solidarity economy organizer from Minnesota talks with an old hand in the worker co-op movement. Very good conversation. The Kids Are Alright: A Conversation on Youth and Cooperation http://www.geo.coop/story/kids-are-alright http://www.geo.coop/story/kids-are-alright-part-2 Reply ↓ clarky90 May 2, 2017 at 3:28 pm I am a scientist (really) and am used to noticing correlations. I think I have noticed one. Significant?, who knows. Everything President Trump is in favor of, the Democrats, Main Stream Press and Film Actors Guild (Team America ref) are against. If Trumps “likes it”, they immediately and passionately “hate” it. Now that Trump “hates” Putin, look for the democrats to start finding Putin’s lovable side. If Trump wants “single payer health care”, all he has to do is be “totally against it”, and his enemies (the top 10%, not the left and the right, but the up and the down, so “the up”), will be suddenly “for it”. Trump’s opposition are such geniuses! It takes me back my days of dealing with bratty siblings and spoiled little kids. Reply ↓ PKMKII May 2, 2017 at 4:05 pm http://www.intellectualtakeout.org/blog/new-reuters-poll-proves-many-americans-cant-think-themselves It’s not just dems. ‘Muricans generally fall into sports team mentalities when it comes to politics. Reply ↓ kimsarah May 3, 2017 at 12:03 am What would a psychiatrist’s diagnosis of the Democrats be when they cannot support positions of Trump’s that they agree with? Reply ↓ different clue May 3, 2017 at 1:49 am Your prediction about Trump and Putin will be proven wrong. The more Trump appears to be “opposing” or even “hating” Putin, the more all the groups you mentioned will pet Trump on the head and say ” good boy. good doggie Donald. keep it up.” Reply ↓ WobblyTelomeres May 2, 2017 at 3:45 pm Clinton Aristocrats. Someone has to post this. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGA0dIz9-Wk&list=RDaGA0dIz9-Wk Reply ↓ DJG May 2, 2017 at 4:51 pm This is a Family Blog! (And I don’t mean a family quite that talented.) Damn. I forgot how funny that joke is, as I sit here with my nose running from laughter. (Yeah, yeah, I have to get up now and go catch it.) Educational, as he says in the middle. Reply ↓ Andrew Watts May 2, 2017 at 3:47 pm RE: Chelsea Clinton and the Problems of American Aristocracy It’s popular to compare Trump to Hitler/Mussolini but what about Hillary? If I had to choose a historical leader which Hillary reminds me of I’d say it’s Sophie of Bavaria. This domineering woman was defined by her ruthless ambition even though her child was destined to inherit a crumbling empire. When the ungrateful Italians rejected token concessions offered to them during the Lombardy uprising (1848) Sophie was furious at their ingratitude. Why couldn’t these peasants be content with their wretched lot under the most exceptional of governments? To be fair, Sophie had a sentimental side and was reportedly quite silly at times. Which kinda reminds me of instances where Hillary would make goofy faces/motions and people thought she was having a seizure during the campaign. Still historians haven’t been kind to poor ole’ Sophie. Seeing the Clintons as a part of one’s own political identity is corrosive and only serves as further indictment of the Democratic Party and its supporters, both of whom are now so out of touch that they’re looking to people spreading Infowars-esque conspiracy theories about a Soviet menace for comfort and direction. It is obviously the fault of some traitor or schemer who brings about unfortunate setbacks or even the downfall of Dear Leader! Authoritarians do not and cannot accept failure. Reply ↓ LT May 2, 2017 at 6:11 pm “Authoritarians do not and cannot accept failure.” In the business world they adore, they love the saying “fail and fail again.” They think of everything as related to their personal glorification, but these are failures with implications for masses of people and not all about them. They don’t see themselves as authoritarians, but as “positive thinkers.” But yes, they are authoritarians. They imagine any deviation from their ingrained order of things is the collapse of humankind. Reply ↓ Kurtismayfield May 2, 2017 at 3:51 pm The Bezzle: “Before too long, it will be impossible to buy a new car without an embedded LTE modem” The real test will be when a person like me tries to disable it, especially in the secondary market where the owner has no relationship with the manufacturer or the dealership. I can’t wait to see the licensing agreement for the car, because there is no way the company is selling it to you in the traditional sense. You will be licensing the product, and be an end user. Reply ↓ diptherio May 2, 2017 at 4:08 pm Beargrass also survives forest fires quite well. The clumps of grass burn down to a little stump, but come the next spring, they come right on back, just like nothing happened. Reply ↓ ewmayer May 2, 2017 at 5:16 pm “Using panel data on individual labor income histories from 1957 to 2013, we document two empirical facts about the distribution of lifetime income in the United States. First, from the cohort that entered the labor market in 1967 to the cohort that entered in 1983, median lifetime income of men declined by 10%–19%. We find little-to-no rise in the lower three-quarters of the percentiles of the male lifetime income distribution during this period. Accounting for rising employer-provided health and pension benefits partly mitigates these findings…” — And said mitigation is bogus, in the sense that the rapidly rising health-bezzle-related outlays aren’t buying us any better quality of actual health *care* – if anything, it’s worse. And w.r.to the rising incomes of women over the same 50-year period, how’s that whole being-able-to-afford-nice-things-and-retire-securely-on-a-single-salary thing working out for us? Now you know why economists and politicians are so wedded to persistently understating price inflation: the illusion of progress must be maintained at all costs. Reply ↓ BrianC May 2, 2017 at 5:28 pm The plant photo… Glacier National Park? Maybe somewhere around Iceberg Lake? I remember hiking up to Iceberg Lake when I was a kid with my Dad. Probably around age 8 or 9. Reply ↓ chuck roast May 2, 2017 at 5:44 pm “FedEx has dropped some retailers that refused price increases, while UPS appears to be taking a more targeted “surge pricing” approach. Amazon.com Inc. tried a variation on the strategy last year when it started charging a premium for merchants to use its warehouses in November and December.” This is an interesting variation on the retail built environment. For example, when a regional retail mall is designed, the parking lot must contain enough spaces for the busiest shopping day of the year…Christmas Eve. So, you now know why when you drive around the local shopping mall during the other 364 days a year the lot looks like a vast wasted space…paid for by the rent of the retailer. Reply ↓ different clue May 2, 2017 at 7:00 pm About the disappearing Ms. tweets . . . . if programs or systems exist for copying a tweet and an image as soon as it is seen exists . . . then pro-Sanders ( or at least anti-Clinton) people should figure them out and use them to time-stamp copy-preserve all such tweets and images as they think might be revealing of the Clintonites and their minions . . . like Ms. Magazine. The fact that it has been memory-holed so fast means that Ms. Magazine can get away with pretending it never existed, and can get away with calling everyone who claimed they saw it by the name Misogynist Bernie Bro. And there is nothing anyone can do about it, because the Clintonites have learned to start watching and are probably working with their moles and assets inside Twitter to disappear those compromising images and tweets as soon as they are discovered. Hence the need for programs to copy and preserve them onto non-Twitter devices upon the Very Instant of their being seen. Reply ↓ Altandmain May 2, 2017 at 8:28 pm From Counterpunch: Ted Rall – Glad Clinton lost http://www.counterpunch.org/2017/05/02/despite-everything-i-am-happy-hillary-lost/ Michael Hudson, always worth a read, reviewing an interesting new book: http://www.counterpunch.org/2017/05/02/the-economics-of-the-future/ Reply ↓ allan May 2, 2017 at 8:50 pm Folks need to have a conversation: Obamas to start ‘conversation’ with South Side over library [Chi Trib] Former President Barack Obama’s second Chicago trip in as many weeks on Wednesday will include two events and a first look at a design for his presidential center in Jackson Park. … “It was important to (Obama) to make the initial announcement to community members on the South Side of Chicago and to have that conversation with them,” said a source familiar with Obama’s plans who spoke on condition of anonymity. … “He very much wants this to be a project that’s a part of the Chicago South Side community, even though this is going to be a center that has relationships globally,” the source said. “It’s very important to him that the connection is felt locally.” … Relate globally, feel locally. The most inspiring slogan since Forward. Reply ↓ Vatch May 2, 2017 at 9:13 pm Jay Clayton was confirmed by the Senate by a vote of 61-37 to be a member of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Will he frequently recuse himself because of his numerous conflicts of interest, or will he illegally continue serving his clients while he is on the SEC? Stay tuned. Votes: https://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=115&session=1&vote=00118 An article about this: http://www.reuters.com/article/us-senate-sec-clayton-idUSKBN17Y2KS Reply ↓ allan May 2, 2017 at 11:26 pm American Airlines is cutting more legroom circulation in economy class [CNN] American Airlines (AAL) is planning to decrease the front-to-back space between some of its economy class seats by another two inches. The airline says it plans to add more seats on its coming Boeing (BA) 737 Max jetliners. To do that, it will shrink the distance between seats, also known as pitch, from 31 inches to 29 inches on three rows of the airplane, and down to 30-inches in the rest of its main economy cabin. … With the change, American will become the first large U.S. carrier to offer legroom with a pitch that’s nearly on par with ultra-low cost carriers Spirit Airlines (SAVE) and Frontier Airlines. Those seats are an industry minimum 28-inches apart. … The bathrooms on American’s 737 Max jets will also be smaller, one person familiar with the planning said. … Fliers will still pay regular economy fares for the 18 seats with two inches less leg room. Two of those three rows of 29-inch pitch will be in the back of the plane and a third farther forward. These seats won’t be part of its new basic economy fares, which sell for less because fliers don’t get access to overhead bins, a seat assignment or frequent flier miles. … Reply ↓ Pookah Harvey May 3, 2017 at 12:08 am Off the subject: I found this at Politico How a GOP bill could cause the next financial crisis Here’s how it would work: Under the legislation, within 48 hours of a failing megabank declaring bankruptcy, a court would hold a hearing to allow the bank to transfer selected contracts and liabilities, consisting mostly of its derivatives and repo agreements, to a newly formed company. This so-called bridge company’s sole purpose is to take on the liabilities owed under these financial contracts and loans. The bridge company will be required to pay 100 percent of those liabilities, without any writedown, even if the property transferred to the bridge company is worth only a fraction of the debt. Once the transfers are made, the bridge company is outside of the jurisdiction and supervision of the bankruptcy court. At the same time, Main Street creditors — such as the 401(k)s, pension plans and other businesses that extended credit or invested in the failed megabank the old-fashioned way — would receive no payment at all. Instead, the bankruptcy process would wipe out those debts and give the former creditors stock in the newly formed, post-bankruptcy bridge company. As the bridge company emerges from bankruptcy and restarts its businesses, those shares could be valuable. But the new entity’s very first job would be to pay back Wall Street banks 100 percent of their money — thus likely wiping out much or all of its value to its unfortunate new owners. Only after Wall Street gets paid would average Americans receive anything. And if those Wall Street liabilities exceed the new bridge company’s assets, then the stock held by Main Street creditors would be worth nothing. The Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act has already passed the House on a voice vote with bipartisan support. A Google search shows very little discussion on the bill. Reply ↓ kimsarah May 3, 2017 at 12:28 am I never thought anybody could be worse losers than New York fans, but Hillary and Rachel and the Dems take the prize. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Si on British Press Hissy Fit Over Predictable EU Move to Relocate Euro-Clearing to the ContinentYep. What is interesting reading the comments here... clinical wasteman on Links 5/2/17Point taken about the bigger and less hyped... Yves Smith on How Norway Shows the Limits of “Civilized Capitalism” and Social OrganizationThis is intriguing but can you explain how... Chauncey Gardiner on Michael Hudson: Review of Steve Keen’s “Can We Avoid Another Financial Crisis?”Re “Bank Originated Money and Debt” (BOMD) and... jrs on 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/2/2017despair plays a role too, junky food is... Topics Africa (19) Australia (128) Auto industry (94) Banana republic (3,041) Banking industry (4,657) Brexit (52) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (569) Commodities (458) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,629) Curiousities (273) Currencies (908) Derivatives (689) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,481) Dubious statistics (582) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,782) Energy markets (508) Environment (459) Europe (625) Federal Reserve (1,269) Free markets and their discontents (1,430) Garrulous insolence (67) Global warming (330) Globalization (1,107) Guest Post (6,569) Health care (395) Hedge funds (418) Income disparity (977) India (17) Infrastructure (80) Investment banks (745) Investment management (501) Investment outlook (852) Japan (204) Legal (1,905) Links (3,070) Macroeconomic policy (979) Market inefficiencies (231) Media appearances (74) Media watch (873) Middle East (145) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (292) OCC (12) Payment system (48) Permaculture (33) Politics (5,063) Private equity (516) Privatization (69) Real estate (1,528) Regulations and regulators (3,603) Ridiculously obvious scams (454) Risk and risk management (720) Russia (240) Science and the scientific method (196) Social policy (1,025) Social values (1,796) Species loss (53) Student loans (53) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (122) Taxes (386) Technology and innovation (461) The destruction of the middle class (1,364) The dismal science (1,465) TPP (84) UK (119) Water Cooler (666) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance NTT Docomo Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for NTT Docomo Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News A Schulman Inc (SHLM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $628.2 Million CoStar Group Inc to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $1.29 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts (CSGP) Methanex Co. (MEOH) Earns “Sector Perform” Rating from Scotiabank Xerox Corp (XRX) Position Boosted by Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. $1.77 Billion in Sales Expected for W. R. Berkley Corp (WRB) This Quarter Corning Incorporated (GLW) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research NTT Docomo Inc (DCM) Cut to Neutral at Cantor Fitzgerald Citizens Community Bancorp (CZWI) Receiving Very Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Raises Stake in Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Luxoft Holding (LXFT) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.69 Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Stake Reduced by Wesbanco Bank Inc. Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Stake Reduced by Wesbanco Bank Inc. Primerica, Inc. (PRI) Shares Sold by Wesbanco Bank Inc. Wesbanco Bank Inc. Sells 350 Shares of Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) Capital Advisors Inc. OK Acquires New Position in Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Hennessy Advisors Inc. Purchases New Position in Preferred Bank (PFBC) Wesbanco Bank Inc. Has $418,000 Stake in MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Corvus Pharmaceuticals Inc (CRVS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Five Prime Therapeutics Inc (FPRX) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research NTT Docomo Inc (DCM) Cut to Neutral at Cantor Fitzgerald May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Cantor Fitzgerald downgraded shares of NTT Docomo Inc (NYSE:DCM) from an overweight rating to a neutral rating in a research report report published on Thursday morning. Several other brokerages have also weighed in on DCM. Zacks Investment Research raised NTT Docomo from a strong sell rating to a hold rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered NTT Docomo from an overweight rating to a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. Shares of NTT Docomo (NYSE:DCM) traded down 0.25% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $23.97. The company had a trading volume of 64,295 shares. NTT Docomo has a 52-week low of $21.96 and a 52-week high of $28.43. The stock has a market cap of $88.82 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.91 and a beta of 0.18. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $23.85 and its 200-day moving average is $23.66. NTT Docomo (NYSE:DCM) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The technology company reported $0.15 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.20 by $0.05. The firm earned $9.81 billion during the quarter. NTT Docomo had a net margin of 14.11% and a return on equity of 12.22%. Equities analysts forecast that NTT Docomo will post $1.56 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “NTT Docomo Inc (DCM) Cut to Neutral at Cantor Fitzgerald” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/ntt-docomo-inc-dcm-cut-to-neutral-at-cantor-fitzgerald.html. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of DCM. Eqis Capital Management Inc. raised its position in NTT Docomo by 19.4% in the first quarter. Eqis Capital Management Inc. now owns 18,918 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $442,000 after buying an additional 3,079 shares during the period. Geneva Advisors LLC raised its position in NTT Docomo by 6.0% in the first quarter. Geneva Advisors LLC now owns 50,598 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $1,181,000 after buying an additional 2,845 shares during the period. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in NTT Docomo by 113.3% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,669,085 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $38,973,000 after buying an additional 886,449 shares during the period. Greenleaf Trust bought a new position in NTT Docomo during the first quarter valued at approximately $384,000. Finally, Wetherby Asset Management Inc. raised its position in NTT Docomo by 12.2% in the first quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. now owns 22,381 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $522,000 after buying an additional 2,438 shares during the period. 0.51% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. NTT Docomo Company Profile NTT DOCOMO, INC. (DOCOMO) is a mobile telecommunications carrier. The Company operates through three segments: telecommunications business, smart life business and other businesses. The telecommunications business segment includes mobile phone services (long-term evolution (LTE) (Xi) services and freedom of mobile multimedia access (FOMA) services), optical-fiber broadband service, satellite mobile communications services, international services and equipment sales related to these services. Receive News & Ratings for NTT Docomo Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NTT Docomo Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Six Flags Entertainment Corp to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (SIX) Boston Beer Company Inc to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $1.30 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts (SAM) AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Loxo Oncology Inc (LOXO) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Green Bancorp Inc (GNBC) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages iAB Financial Bank Continues to Hold Position in CME Group Inc (CME) Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Acquires New Position in Packaging Corp Of America (PKG) Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Stake Reduced by Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Needham & Company LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for Spectranetics Corp (SPNC) Entegris Inc (ENTG) Rating Lowered to Hold at Craig Hallum Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Takes Position in Kohl's Co. (KSS) Greenwich Wealth Management LLC Has $3.676 Million Position in Western Digital Corp (WDC) 1,067 Shares in Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Acquired by Scott & Selber Inc. Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Takes Position in Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) Anadarko Petroleum Co. (APC) Shares Sold by Leavell Investment Management Inc. Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Takes Position in DTE Energy Co (DTE) 5,390 Shares in Liberty Sirius XM Group (LSXMK) Acquired by Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Greenwich Wealth Management LLC Acquires 402 Shares of CIGNA Co. (CI) Sapiens International Co. (SPNS) PT Lowered to $16.00 Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN) have been assigned a consensus rating of “Buy” from the eight analysts that are presently covering the company. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and five have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1-year price objective among brokerages that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $51.00. A number of brokerages have recently issued reports on BECN. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Beacon Roofing Supply from a “sell” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $56.00 price target for the company in a report on Thursday, April 13th. William Blair restated a “neutral” rating and set a $45.00 price target on shares of Beacon Roofing Supply in a report on Friday, April 14th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and set a $46.00 price target on shares of Beacon Roofing Supply in a report on Monday, February 6th. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of BECN. Redmond Asset Management LLC boosted its position in Beacon Roofing Supply by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. Redmond Asset Management LLC now owns 26,412 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,217,000 after buying an additional 139 shares during the last quarter. Bell State Bank & Trust boosted its position in Beacon Roofing Supply by 4.3% in the third quarter. Bell State Bank & Trust now owns 7,578 shares of the company’s stock worth $319,000 after buying an additional 315 shares during the last quarter. Strs Ohio boosted its position in Beacon Roofing Supply by 0.4% in the first quarter. Strs Ohio now owns 111,100 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,461,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Beacon Roofing Supply by 2.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 26,559 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,117,000 after buying an additional 750 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Suntrust Banks Inc. boosted its position in Beacon Roofing Supply by 6.1% in the third quarter. Suntrust Banks Inc. now owns 13,652 shares of the company’s stock worth $574,000 after buying an additional 782 shares during the last quarter. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/beacon-roofing-supply-inc-becn-given-average-recommendation-of-buy-by-brokerages.html. Shares of Beacon Roofing Supply (NASDAQ:BECN) traded down 0.71% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $49.26. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 86,560 shares. Beacon Roofing Supply has a 52 week low of $39.50 and a 52 week high of $52.12. The stock has a market capitalization of $2.96 billion, a PE ratio of 29.03 and a beta of 1.31. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $49.35 and a 200-day moving average price of $46.24. Beacon Roofing Supply (NASDAQ:BECN) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.44 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.43 by $0.01. The business earned $1 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1,000 million. Beacon Roofing Supply had a net margin of 2.49% and a return on equity of 9.99%. The business’s revenue was up 2.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.41 EPS. On average, equities research analysts expect that Beacon Roofing Supply will post $2.35 EPS for the current year. Beacon Roofing Supply Company Profile Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc is engaged in the distribution of residential and non-residential roofing materials in the United States and Canada. It also distributes complementary building products for residential and non-residential building exteriors. Its product portfolio includes residential roofing products, non-residential roofing products and complementary building products. Receive News & Ratings for Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Hot Topics TWLO FEYE Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Apple (AAPL) dips after Q2 sales, Q3 guidance miss >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Trading > Trading Advice > Beware Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock and the Extreme Bulls Breaking up banks doesn't fit with President Trump's 'America First' plans, but it's a risk to BAC stock that shouldn't be ignored By Joseph Hargett, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 2, 2017, 9:01 am EDT Get BAC alerts: Submit Source: Shutterstock     View All   Popular Posts: What’s Left to Push Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Higher? Tuesday’s Vital Data: Bank of America Corp (BAC), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) Beware Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock and the Extreme Bulls Recent Posts: Tuesday’s Vital Data: Twitter Inc (TWTR), Tesla Inc (TSLA) and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Beware Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock and the Extreme Bulls What’s Left to Push Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Higher? View All Posts There may be trouble brewing for Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC). In an interview with Bloomberg yesterday, President Donald Trump touched on a campaign promise to break up so-called “universal” banks — i.e., those banks with both investment and commercial banking operations, including Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) and Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C). And yet, BAC stock rallied on the news. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr “I’m looking at that right now,” Trump told Bloomberg. “There’s some people that want to go back to the old system, right? So we’re going to look at that.” That old system is the 1930s era Glass-Steagall Act that drew a hard line between investment and commercial banking operations. The act was repealed in the 1990s. However, despite Trump’s nod to his campaign promise, BAC stock actually rallied more than 1% on Monday. In fact, sentiment on Wall Street is that reinstating Glass-Steagall goes against Trump’s “America First” economic plans, and therefore is unlikely to come to fruition. Once again, it’s all about expectations. Sentiment and Outlook on Bank of America I’ll give Wall Street investors one thing — an exact replacement of Glass-Steagall isn’t very likely. However, some lesser form of the bill could very well make its way into Congress for debate, if not onto Trump’s desk in the Oval Office, thus raising pressure on banking stocks and BofA in particular. Judging from BAC stock’s sentiment backdrop, any form of this bull making a serious push on Capitol Hill could be a blind side for investors — as yesterday’s rally following Trump’s interview might suggest. For instance, Thomson/First Call reports that 22 of the 31 analysts following BofA rate the shares a “buy” or better, with no “sell” ratings to be found. There is also no short interest to speak of — short sellers simply do not have Bank of America on their radar. Even options traders are overwhelmingly bullish. Currently, the May/June put/call open interest ratio for BAC stock rests at 0.56, and drops further to just 0.53 for the June series alone. In other words, speculative traders currently hold nearly twice as many calls as puts over the next two months. From a contrarian perspective, optimism on a strong performing stock is to be expected. Excessive optimism, however, can be a sign of a reversal in the shares. I believe Bank of America’s rally in the face of the president’s comments on breaking up big banks could very well be a sign of excessive optimism. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/beware-bank-of-america-corp-bac-stock-and-extreme-bulls/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Market’s Next Big Rally 4 Popular Stocks Hitting New Lows Why Tesla Stock Should Keep Rising for Years to Come 3 Energy ETFs to Buy Today for Better Gains Tomorrow 3 Financial Stocks to Short Now 15 Things to Buy With Your Sell in May Profits ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Market’s Next Big Rally 3 Energy ETFs to Buy Today for Better Gains Tomorrow 4 Popular Stocks Hitting New Lows 15 Things to Buy With Your Sell in May Profits 3 Financial Stocks to Short Now Most Popular 10 Simply Safe Dividend Stocks to Buy for Retirement 4 High-Yield Stocks to Buy for 6%-Plus Dividends 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year Why Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Will Hit $165 After Earnings The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Next Decade 4 Retail Stocks on the Verge of Bankruptcy Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Photos Videos Topics Live WI 40/1 (14) - PAK 393/10 (140) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi Donald Trump Bahubali 2 Exam results 2017 IPL 2017 News World News Czech PM gambles by resigning to end finance minister spat Shares1 Tue, 2 May 2017-09:26pm , Reuters Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka shocked Czechs on Tuesday by saying he and his cabinet would resign to resolve a dispute with his billionaire finance minister, a huge gamble before an election due in October. The move creates an uncertain political situation in which President Milos Zeman will need to decide the next move. It follows growing tensions over past financial dealings by Finance Minister Andrej Babis, whose centrist ANO movement leads opinion polls by a double-digit margin. "I cannot as prime minister further bear responsibility for a situation where a person whose past is unclear is in the position of finance minister," Sobotka told reporters. "Therefore I am taking the only reasonable solution, which is that the government resigns." Babis, who denies wrongdoing, said on Facebook: "I am surprised... It is a desperate step by a desperate person." The resignation opens up a variety of scenarios in the European Union and NATO member state. They include: the appointment of a new cabinet formed by the same three-party centre-left coalition; a caretaker cabinet; an early election; or the current cabinet staying in power until October despite having resigned. The government has presided over three years of economic growth and posted a rare budget surplus last year. It was poised to be the first Czech cabinet to serve a full four-year term since 2002. Czech markets were calm, with the crown unmoved against the euro after a brief blip and bonds supported by inclusion into JP Morgan's emerging markets index, which means index-tracking investors will need to buy them for their portfolios. [ BUSINESS EMPIRE Babis, who built the Agrofert chemicals and media group into the country's biggest private company, has been under fire for months due to his past business dealings. Authorities have been looking into legal loopholes Babis used to buy tax-free bonds from his firm several years ago, and into EU subsidies awarded to a company ultimately acquired by Babis for building a conference and leisure centre outside Prague. Babis transferred Agrofert to a trust fund earlier this year to comply with new conflict-of-interest legislation. He said he did not understand Sobotka's decision, saying it damaged the work of the whole cabinet. He argued that the best solution would be for the cabinet to stay in place until the October election. This is possible under the constitution, if the president does not appoint a new administration. Babis is the country's second most popular politician after Zeman. The president has had good relations with Babis and poor relations with Sobotka, making the prime minister's gamble all the more risky for him and his Social Democrats. Vladimír Bartovic, director of the EUROPEUM think tank, said Sobotka had faced unsavoury options: leaving Babis in place and looking weak, or making him look like a scapegoat. "It is like a drowning man grasping for a straw," he said. "I think voters will not understand this step and it will not help the Social Democrats." Sobotka said Babis had damaged the cabinet's image. He said firing the minister and leaving the cabinet in place - a solution that seemed likely in recent days - would only help Babis to portray himself as a martyr, and therefore the full cabinet's resignation was the way to go. Sobotka said he would seek a meeting with Zeman to agree timing for the resignation and further steps. He said the coalition could possibly be recreated without Babis as minister, or the election could be held earlier. The decision hands large power to Zeman, who can choose a prime minister of his liking. In 2013 he appointed his ally Jiri Rusnok -- now the head of the central bank -- as caretaker prime minister against the wishes of most political parties. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Trump nominee for China ambassador Terry Branstad promises firm line on Beijing World Donald Trump recognised 'great job' Rodrigo Duterte is doing: Philippines World Brexit: Britain's Theresa May says EU united in getting deal that 'works for them' World Five held for questioning in France after police anti-terrorist operation World North Korea says US bomber flights push peninsula to brink of nuclear war World Mexico captures protégé, turned rival, of drug lord 'El Chapo' Guzman Next Article > Sunil Grover on Sabse Bada Kalakar: All you need to know about the episode! Live Cricket Score Live WI 40/1 (14), 312/10 (98.5) WI trail by 41 runs PAK 393/10 (140) Full Scorecard | Commentary Next node Sunil Grover on Sabse Bada Kalakar: All you need to know about the episode! Related Czech police detain suspect in Angela Merkel road incident Czech president creates controversy, calls refugee influx 'organised invasion' Video WATCH: This awesome Iron Man suit lets you take flight in real life! Watch: Baby elephant gets attacked by a crocodile. What happened next will make you go aww! WATCH: Baby elephant joins its mother in the cutest elephant attack on safari visitors! View all Tags Bohuslav Sobotka European Union NATO Prague Andrej Babis Milos Zeman ANO JP Morgan Jiri Rusnok SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Rajouri: Army jawan commits suicide along LoC North Korea detains American for 'attempting to subvert country' - KCNA Obamas to visit Chicago to discuss planned library, museum N.Korea detains American for 'attempting to subvert country' - KCNA Bse.telangana.gov.in & bsetelangana.org TS 10th SSC Result 2017: BSE Telangana Board SSC Result 2017, BSE TS Class 10th X Exam Result 2017 is expected to be announced today on May 3 at 4 PM Sport Athletics-Campbell welcomes Europe call for new record ratification laws Champions League preview: Free-scoring Monaco face Juventus wall Soccer-Middlesbrough players back Agnew in fight for survival - De Roon Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Wednesday, May 3 PREVIEW-Cycling-Quintana starts quest for Giro-Tour double in Italy Entertainment While 'The Kapil Sharma Show' STRUGGLES, Sunil Grover now comes up with 'The Comedy Family' Blake Lively sported 200 carats of jewellery at Met Gala David Beckham shares sweet birthday photo clicked by wife Priyanka wishes 'tremendous love, happiness' to Dwayne on his Paris Jackson making film debut opposite David Oyelowo Money USD 770 bn black money entered India in 2005-2014: Report GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia stocks mixed as momentum slows, dollar up on June Fed rate hike bets Paradip Port to auction land in July for Industrial port city A rail bridge taller than the Eiffel Tower over the Chenab Crude palm oil futures fall 0.37 pc on profit-booking Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Czech PM gambles by resigning to end finance minister spat By Reuters Published: 11:51 EDT, 2 May 2017 | Updated: 11:51 EDT, 2 May 2017 e-mail By Jan Lopatka and Robert Muller PRAGUE, May 2 (Reuters) - Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka shocked Czechs on Tuesday by saying he and his cabinet would resign to resolve a dispute with his billionaire finance minister, a huge gamble before an election due in October. The move creates an uncertain political situation in which President Milos Zeman will need to decide the next move. It follows growing tensions over past financial dealings by Finance Minister Andrej Babis, whose centrist ANO movement leads opinion polls by a double-digit margin. "I cannot as prime minister further bear responsibility for a situation where a person whose past is unclear is in the position of finance minister," Sobotka told reporters. "Therefore I am taking the only reasonable solution, which is that the government resigns." Babis, who denies wrongdoing, said on Facebook: "I am surprised... It is a desperate step by a desperate person." The resignation opens up a variety of scenarios in the European Union and NATO member state. They include: the appointment of a new cabinet formed by the same three-party centre-left coalition; a caretaker cabinet; an early election; or the current cabinet staying in power until October despite having resigned. The government has presided over three years of economic growth and posted a rare budget surplus last year. It was poised to be the first Czech cabinet to serve a full four-year term since 2002. Czech markets were calm, with the crown unmoved against the euro after a brief blip and bonds supported by inclusion into JP Morgan's emerging markets index, which means index-tracking investors will need to buy them for their portfolios. [ BUSINESS EMPIRE Babis, who built the Agrofert chemicals and media group into the country's biggest private company, has been under fire for months due to his past business dealings. Authorities have been looking into legal loopholes Babis used to buy tax-free bonds from his firm several years ago, and into EU subsidies awarded to a company ultimately acquired by Babis for building a conference and leisure centre outside Prague. Babis transferred Agrofert to a trust fund earlier this year to comply with new conflict-of-interest legislation. He said he did not understand Sobotka's decision, saying it damaged the work of the whole cabinet. He argued that the best solution would be for the cabinet to stay in place until the October election. This is possible under the constitution, if the president does not appoint a new administration. Babis is the country's second most popular politician after Zeman. The president has had good relations with Babis and poor relations with Sobotka, making the prime minister's gamble all the more risky for him and his Social Democrats. Vladimír Bartovic, director of the EUROPEUM think tank, said Sobotka had faced unsavoury options: leaving Babis in place and looking weak, or making him look like a scapegoat. "It is like a drowning man grasping for a straw," he said. "I think voters will not understand this step and it will not help the Social Democrats." Sobotka said Babis had damaged the cabinet's image. He said firing the minister and leaving the cabinet in place - a solution that seemed likely in recent days - would only help Babis to portray himself as a martyr, and therefore the full cabinet's resignation was the way to go. Sobotka said he would seek a meeting with Zeman to agree timing for the resignation and further steps. He said the coalition could possibly be recreated without Babis as minister, or the election could be held earlier. The decision hands large power to Zeman, who can choose a prime minister of his liking. In 2013 he appointed his ally Jiri Rusnok -- now the head of the central bank -- as caretaker prime minister against the wishes of most political parties. (Additinoal reporting by Jason Hovet and Petra Vodstrcilova; Editing by Mark Trevelyan) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Let them eat... burgers! Inside Rihanna's epic post-Met Gala bash where famous friends like Kendall Jenner chowed down on fast food He's back! Brad Pitt does his first magazine shoot since Angelina Jolie split as he stars on THREE GQ covers Making his comeback after the divorce Back to reality: Grimacing Katie Price puts her surgically-enhanced curves on display in a tiny blue bikini as she films for new TV show in Miami . Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick coos over baby Devereaux in Central Park as she's pictured with Rolling Stones frontman's eighth child for first time That'll Garner some attention! Ex-MIC star Kimberley shows off her incredible figure in barely-there white bikini for sizzling swimwear shoot  Ben Affleck has 'moved out' of his home with estranged wife Jennifer Garner... but is 'living close by' to be near their three kids They were living together Hot pink mama! Blac Chyna flaunts fabulous post-baby body (and underboob!) in bikini top as she relaxes poolside with pals in Miami Svelte Kendall Jenner goes braless under sheer lace slashed mini before changing into glamorous Gothic gown as she cuts a regal figure on the cover of VOGUE India Kylie Jenner's new beau Travis Scott 'sued by former managers claiming rapper owes them more than $2 million' Just like her ex Tyga 'That lipo bellybutton!' Charlotte Crosby denies having surgery after followers accuse her of sporting 'bizarre stomach' in racy snap Hitting back 'Hope he has an ounce of your courage!': Liam Payne CONFIRMS he and Cheryl have named son Bear... as survival expert Bear Grylls praises 'great choice'  Looking ace! Pregnant Serena Williams dresses her bump in a thigh-split lace dress at Burberry event in New York Tennis ace is expecting 'Broody' Stephanie Davis reveals she's already discussed having second child with boyfriend Jeremy McConnell after he missed first pregnancy Mel B's ex Stephen Belafonte looks relaxed as he arrives to see daughter Madison, five, after court grants him supervised visitation rights  Miami heat! Justin Bieber's ex Alexandra Rodríguez shows off incredible beach body in tiny bikini The Puerto Rican beauty was seen in Miami  She's ripped! Kourtney Kardashian flashes some flesh in destroyed denim while running errands in Beverly Hills Recently back from a girls trip to Mexico  Zoe's menopause tip... have more sex: Radio 2 DJ reveals she is going through the change at 46 Zoe has now vowed to 'have more sex'  SPOILER ALERT: Lauren Pope makes shock return to TOWIE as Dan Edgar's 'love interest' for finale... leaving on/off flame Amber Turner furious Not a fan of hearing her Roar? Jennifer Lopez and Madonna pull interesting faces as they watch Katy Perry perform at Met Gala Unimpressed PICTURED: Justin Bieber and singer Hailee Steinfeld enjoy New York rendezvous amid 'claims the pair are enjoying a new romance' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Emma Watson puts on a leggy display in a pair of denim cut-offs as she enjoys a rare public outing with boyfriend William Mack Knight Glamorous Alexa Chung and boyfriend Alexander Skarsgard make rare public appearance leaving Met Gala afterparty together in New York Shameless sisters: Gigi, Bella, Kendall and Kylie were fawned over at Vogue's Met Ball... and they're making MILLIONS flaunting their wealth - and bodies  'There was radio silence for a long time': Matt Bomer reveals it took his parents a while to accept he was gay after writing them a letter Chest is best! Scarlett Johansson shows cleavage in sheer-paneled lace dress at Planned Parenthood 100th Anniversary Gala in New York Lena Dunham 'rushed to emergency room' shortly after arriving to Met Gala on Monday night Lena didn't get to enjoy the Met Gala for long Bella Hadid, Dakota Johnson and Frances Bean Cobain among the stars to flout New York smoking ban by lighting up in bathroom at Met gala  Ashley James puts on a racy display in a bondage-inspired bodycon dress as she attends launch party in London Bondage chic Chloe Khan almost spills out of her skin-tight nude leotard on night out... after shock claim she is 'dating' the Human Ken Doll New man? Smoking hot! Met Gala bathroom puffer Behati Prinsloo turns heads in denim trench coat as she jets into LA She caused a stir after being pictured smoking  Platinum blonde Kate Hudson ditches the glamour as she jets into LA after Met Gala in New York City It was back to being casual chic for Kate  'As if she just had a baby!': Fans are awe-struck by Billie Faiers' amazing post-baby bikini body as she poses with lookalike mum in Dubai 'She has the biggest heart': Serena Williams' fiance Alexis Ohanian gushes over the pregnant star and says she will give '100% of herself as a mother' 'A lot of Love for Daddy today': David Beckham shares heartwarming snap of his family celebrations as he marks his 42nd birthday Hitting the runway! Naomi Campbell continues to show off her sleek new bob as she arrives at LAX airport in a casual cape following Met Gala Green goddess! Dakota Johnson wears ornate print dress as she heads out for a night in New York City Just one day after attending the Met Gala Barbie girl: Mother-of-five Katie Price puts on a VERY busty display in a cropped green top and hotpants as she films new reality TV show in Miami 'It was our anniversary last month': Lauren Goodger denies split from jailbird Joey Morrison... amid claims she and ex Mark Wright live 'parallel lives' Former TOWIE star Pascal Craymer puts in a VERY risque appearance as she displays her underwear in fishnet jumpsuit for Lizzie Cundy's birthday 'I was replaced, and it felt terrible': Priyanka Chopra says she was once fired from film due to male actor as she talks sexism in new interview Hiding those eyes! Cara Delevingne wears quirky shades and beanie hat after putting on a sizzling display in silver plunging suit at the Met Gala Double the love! Selena Gomez and beau The Weeknd share romantic images from the Met Gala at the same time in a show of unity Wintour thaws! Vogue Editor-in-Chief Anna breaks from stoic demeanour to dance to Katy Perry's Teenage Dream alongside James Corden at the Met Gala Out for dinner! Mariah Carey takes the plunge in dramatic black dress held together with silver chains... as she's joined by ex Nick Cannon for night out She's got some front! Iggy Azalea flaunts ample cleavage in cover art for next single Switch as she teams up with busty Brazilian Anitta United they stand! Amy Schumer holds hands with movie mom Goldie Hawn as they premiere Snatched in New York Blonde bombshells Darren Criss pictured as spree killer Andrew Cunanan who gunned down Gianni Versace as FX's American Crime Story films in Miami Events leading up to it Dangerous curves ahead! Padma Lakshmi stuns in eye-warping dress at Planned Parenthood 100th Anniversary Gala in New York Sheer confidence! Halsey wows in see-through black dress exposing her underwear for Planned Parenthood gala in New York City Quite the appearance Left Red-mayne faced: Oscar winner Eddie appears furious as he is 'turned away from Rihanna's Met Gala after-party' alongside wife Hannah Kesha looks fresh faced as she wears torn T-shirt and simple leggings for a low-key day of errands in Hollywood Casual No wonder she's smiling! Dame Helen Mirren, 71, shares a very passionate kiss with husband of 20 years Taylor Hackford during rare outing 'There's a lot of daytime TV now: Tired Liam Payne recognises fan who appeared on Judge Rinder... after welcoming baby Bear with Cheryl Behind the look: Emily Ratajkowski puts on a busty display as she shares sexy pre-Met Gala Polaroids as she models clinging sequined dress 'If you don't like the royals just stay quiet!' Response after vile internet trolls posted hateful comments about Princess Charlotte's birthday portrait Can't make up her mind! Lisa Rinna wears two outfits during Beverly Hills shopping trip with daughters Amelia and Delilah Never underdressed Busty Ola Jordan puckers up to her beau James as she leads the glamour in a plunging red corset dress for Lizzie Cundy's star-studded birthday bash 'It's a surprise!': Pregnant Serena Williams reveals she and fiancé Alexis Ohanian do not yet know the sex of their baby as they hit Met Gala Still acting? Tom Cruise, 53, shares a passionate kiss with Vanessa Kirby, 26, as they film Mission Impossible 6 in Paris amid dating rumours First look at Poirot's David Suchet as he makes chilling debut on Doctor Who as creepy landlord... while Peter Capaldi prepares for his final episodes 'He's not good with money': Scheana Marie admits she didn't want to give $50,000 settlement to ex-husband 'with a drug problem' 'I need my guy!' Bobby Cannavale and John Turturro poke fun at well-groomed men in Tribeca short film Hair Bobby's fabulous locks are no accident  Kendall Jenner looks bleary-eyed on fashion shoot with Kermit the Frog the morning after long night at Met Gala party The morning after  Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in embroidered white dress as she attends Harper's Bazaar's 150th anniversary bash at The Ritz  Gwen Stefani performs live on The Voice one week after rupturing eardrum as show narrows field to 10 Returned to the stage to perform Fast & Furious star Jordana Brewster shows off her fit figure in stylish gym gear as she steps out in style in California  Fit and fabulous Monochrome magic! Ruby Rose stuns in Burberry two-piece alongside Jessica Hart as they celebrate the brand's latest launch in New York Casual chic! Salma Hayek is stylish in striped top and slacks as she arrives in Mexico City after wowing at Met Gala Promoting her latest film 'They're doing it for airtime!' Chloe Sims lashes out at Pete and Megan's relationship as she claims that they are secretly back together and LYING about it Meet Liberty, Ryot and Annachi! Rebel Wilson's siblings with equally unique names Not the only one in the Wilson clan with an unusual name  Back to the grind! Jennifer Lopez looks exhausted on Brooklyn set of TV's Shades Of Blue... after partying up a storm with A-Rod at Met Gala Has Melania been hacked? First Lady's personal Twitter account 'likes' a post mocking her marriage to Trump backed up with infamous video clip 'I almost had a tear in my eye': Ryan Seacrest and Kelly Ripa say they were close to 'crying' when they walked out together ahead of their first show LeAnn Rimes flashes a beaming smile and rocks a little black dress while promoting her new single Mother in New York Looking good Borne this way! Lady Gaga zips around the Los Angeles set of A Star Is Born on an electric scooter One of the busiest singers around Not amused! Jennifer Lopez puts on sexy display with sizzling dance moves inside Met Gala... so why does beau A-Rod look so bored? Doing it well You look booty-ful! Nicki Minaj can't hide her delight as she greets Kim Kardashian with a kiss at Met Gala... before sharing star-struck selfies Hadid you forget something? Braless Bella flashes her breasts in a sheer slip as she and Kendall Jenner join stars at the Met Gala afterparties 'Do I really want this?' Javier Bardem admits he thought twice about dating now-wife Penelope Cruz because she is so feisty and fiery Hollywood's hot couple Coy Kendall Jenner and A$AP Rocky slip away from glamorous Met Gala afterparty... after confirming their romance with PDA snaps Ready for any weather! Malia Obama shows off her legs in shorts and suede jacket as she heads to work in New York springtime Dressed comfortably  'I have a few regrets': Megan McKenna admits she deeply 'regrets' romping with ex-boyfriend Jordan Davies on Ex On The Beach Embarrassed 'Oh good lord, I can't breathe': Emma Watson fan reveals huge delight after the actress surprises her with FaceTime call to give her exam advice Jimmy Kimmel shares sweet photo of his daughter, 2, checking on her brother Billy after tearfully revealing the newborn was forced to undergo heart surgery Are you taking notes, Harry? Meghan Markle opens up about love of roast chicken dinners, handwritten missives and movie marathons in revealing interview On the menu today, total tripe, served with lashing of waffle: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV Great British Menu Back on? Adriana Lima wears ex-beau Julian Edelman's bow tie on her leg as they set tongues wagging by leaving Met Gala after-party together 'She can hear now!' Blake Shelton gives update on Gwen Stefani's ruptured eardrum and her return to The Voice Health update Horsing around! Vanessa Hudgens takes a riding lesson as she enjoys time off after the cancellation of superhero sitcom Powerless Unbreakable! Kerry Washington looks fresh-faced at charity event just hours after partying with Rihanna following Met Gala Monochrome stripes Princess Diana's ex-bodyguard insists she would be ALIVE if she'd kept royal security - and she feared Camilla becoming substitute mother to her sons Prince Harry to visit Sydney in June to celebrate city's hosting of 2018 Invictus Games... so will Meghan come? Royal appearance Big night? Ruby Rose pictured sitting on the bathroom floor with Paris Jackson at Met Gala as stars flout the rules and light up in bathrooms at event How sweet! Alessandra Ambrosio wears a short sundress while grabbing ice cream with her son Victoria's Secret Angel and her little angel Her own best advert! Zendaya wears outfit from her own clothing line while jetting back to Los Angeles from Met Gala  Travelling in style All alpha-bets are off! ABC in bid to buy hit TV talent contest American Idol... with NBC and Fox also keen to secure hit show Bidding war MIC's sex-crazed newcomers Harry Baron and 'easy' Mimi suffered humiliating rejections to everyone's surpris on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Kaley Cuoco flies out of LAX with her boyfriend Karl Cook... after wrapping 10th season of Big Bang Theory Smitten Nicole Scherzinger shows off her incredible gym-honed physique as she proves her yoga prowess while on photoshoot in South Africa Actress Liz Smith leaves money to Egyptian horse hospital: Royle Family star asks for part of her £688,000 estate to be donated to the charity  Park it like Beckham! Sheepish Brooklyn receives a parking ticket on his £37,615 Mercedes... on his father David's 42nd birthday Driving woes There's no 'i' in 'vagina'! Magazine awkwardly prints Amy Schumer interview with typo that proudly has her declare 'I'm sorry I have a VAGNA' The morning after! Sofia Richie looks comfortable in fur-lined robe coat... just hours after taking the plunge at Met Gala Glam Deleted scene from The Walking Dead reveals the fate of two characters from the nursing home from first season Minute-long clip Prince William is accused of 'hypocrisy' and cashing in on celebrity status by lawyer after demanding £1.3M over topless Kate photos  'The doctor asked if I wanted to kill myself': Actress Gabourey Sidibe says that she considered suicide before hitting the big time Natasha's copy-Kate dress style: PA wears evening gown at her wedding that bears striking resemblance to the one the Duchess wore at her own do  Rachel Riley suffers embarrassing wardrobe malfunction as he tight blue mini dress SPLITS open in the middle of Countdown In a spot of bother  Rhian Sugden puts on a VERY eye-popping display in plunging pink bikini as she soaks up the sun in Barbados for WAG pal Sam Cooke's lavish hen do Mariah Carey showcases cleavage in Tom Ford mini-dress in Beverly Hills... after celebrating twins' 6th birthday Showcasing her assets Meet the new Bad Moms squad! Susan Sarandon, Cheryl Hines and Christine Baranski have signed up to star in sequel to the hit film Mila Kunis fronted film Amy Schumer's dad breaks down in tears while meeting the 'love of his life' Goldie Hawn during Snatched promotional tour Emotional 'You can quietly feel body confidence': Andrea McLean explains why Ruth Langsford didn't strip down for THAT campaign Chrissy Teigen fires back at online hater that said her eye-popping Met Gala dress looked like a kids' 'crappy arts and craft project' Lashing out A Small(s) little thing called love! Model Joan flaunts her slender frame in a slinky mini as she attends Met Ball after-party with smitten boyfriend Bernard Smith Headed to LA? Dev Patel's girlfriend Tilda Cobham-Hervey, 22, is one of 10 young Australian actors up for the prestigious Heath Ledger Scholarship A mob scene! Zoe Saldana is swarmed by fans at LAX after sharing behind-the-scenes images from Guardians Of The Galaxy 2 'I'd like to be a mom!' Amy Schumer talks possibly starting a family with boyfriend of over one year, Ben Hanisch Broody 'It's pretty important to me!' Tom Brady confirms he skipped White House visit to spend time with his cancer stricken mom... and NOT in protest  . A star is born! Paris Jackson 'lands first movie role in dark comedy for Amazon Studios' Joins Charlize Theron and Thandie Newton Bachelor star Chris Soules 'stopped to buy alcohol minutes before he smashed his truck into a 66-year-old war veteran's trailer, killing him'   Beyonce's microphone that she used during her Formation World Tour and at the Grammys sells at auction for $11,000 to a fan Auction She is STILL with her! Meryl Streep attends Hillary Clinton's power lunch as rumors swirl she will play presidential candidate in upcoming movie about her life He's got Style(s): Harry cuts a suave figure as he sends pulses racing in unbuttoned shirt and shades following radio interview in London Missing something? Scott Disick looks downcast while on daddy duty after ex Kourtney Kardashian's wild girls' trip to Mexico Going solo 'He never hid his dalliances': Hollywood icon Kirk Douglas, who dated Joan Crawford and Rita Hayworth, writes book with HIS WIFE about 'affairs' She's a long way from Downton! Jessica Brown Findlay swaps the stately home for the beach in 1940s costume for filming of new movie Guernsey Happy mama! Jennifer Garner makes being a single mother look easy as she takes her kids out in LA... weeks after filing for divorce from Ben Affleck Perrie Edwards risks a wardrobe malfunction in a VERY racy top as she shows off her dance moves on wild girls' night out Little Mix star  Queen's godson's lead role in royal TV shocker: Controversial drama King Charles III filmed at Earl's stately home  Branded 'extraordinarily insensitive' William and Harry will share intimate memories of their mother for documentary that promises to paint the 'definitive portrait' of Diana Hotting up! Jamie Dornan to get pulses racing as he shows off buff physique in Fifty Shades Freed sneak peek... as he smooches co-star Dakota Johnson Latin crooner Luis Miguel who used to date Mariah Carey is ARRESTED in LA after failing to show up in court over $1m lawsuit with ex manager 'It wasn't the way I thought we'd conceive but it was just as romantic': Harry Judd's pregnant wife Izzy speaks candidly about her struggle with IVF Racy in lace! Sofia Richie shows off her bra and panties as she hits Met Gala post party... as it's revealed ex Justin Bieber has a new love Moving on Bra-free in NYC! Disney star Zendaya suffers a mini nip-slip as she wears daring floral suit to Met Gala after party Flower power She means business! Megan McKenna swaps glamour for work-wear chic as she heads to her BUILD Series talk in white lace blouse and frilled trousers 'Please don't start flame wars over it!' JK Rowling sparks emotional reactions from Harry Potter fans as she finally apologises for killing off Snape 'Your beard has right angles Waldo!' Chrissy Teigen flashes the flesh in sheer dress at Met Gala with John Legend... before hitting back at troll with hilarious tweet Myleene Klass is summer chic in busty red and white midi dress and glamorous shades as she enjoys a spot of shopping in London Colour blocking Enjoying a cuppa! Seacrest rolls up his T-shirt to experience ancient medical therapy on his second day on Live With Kelly And Ryan Flavio Briatore, 67, displays slimline figure as he enjoys kickabout with son Falco while accompanied by wife Elisabetta Gregoraci, 37, on day out Looks like they got the memo! From HOT PINK eyeshadow to short, severe bobs, FEMAIL counts down the top five beauty trends from the 2017 Met Gala PIERS MORGAN: The Met Gala is supposed to be the pinnacle of iconic style but this diabolical fashion fiasco was all WTF? and no WOW! 'Fashion's big night out'  He's the daddy! Pregnant Teen Mom star Kailyn Lowry, 25, reveals the father of her third child is longtime friend Chris Lopez Confirmed the news It gets crazier! Madonna changes into camo slacks and COMBAT BOOTS for Met Gala post party... after shocking fans with zany military dress Worth a closer look! FEMAIL zooms in on the beauty details you DIDN'T see at the Met Gala, from Katy Perry's eye jewels to Brie Larson's GOLD hair Fashion's night out! FEMAIL breaks down the Met Gala's biggest trends and reveals how YOU can translate them into your everyday wardrobes Partying while pregnant! Tennis star Serena Williams dances inside NYC's most prominent museum as she hits the Met Gala with fiancé Leggy Rita Ora holds hands with producer Diplo while escaping the same Met Gala after-party as his 'exes' Katy Perry and Kate Hudson This could be awkward Tulisa flashes her enviably flat stomach and slender figure in a tiny black bralet as she continues her Mumbai getaway Fun filled getaway 'She has made me a more empathetic person': Ryan Reynolds gushes about his love for wife Blake Lively as the couple pose at the Met Gala Flash some flesh! From the small of the back to the sternum, stars like Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner set new skin-baring trends at last night's Met Gala Vile trolls offer cash on Facebook to online bullies who can dream up sickest taunts aimed at Katie Price's disabled son Harvey  So-called 'banter group'  Worse-for-wear Hailey Baldwin suffers major fashion fail as she flashes nipple pasties under retro mini at Met Gala after-party with beau Cameron Dallas Paris Jackson suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her big knickers upon arrival at Met Gala afterparty... after a hairy moment on the red carpet 'Have a great time!' Emma Stone sends teen corsage and boutonniere after La La Land-inspired prom request What a sweetheart  Victoria Beckham rings in husband David's 42nd birthday with sweet snap of daughter Harper... as family tributes flood in for 'best dad in the world' The girls stayed in Cali! Cindy Crawford steps out with daughter Kaia in Santa Monica as her son Presley partied with Sofia Richie at Met Gala Where the REAL party's at! Snaps from the Met Gala show the crazy scene in the BATHROOM where the stars smoked, gossiped, and snapped selfies Quite an impression! Ed Sheeran painting that will hang in the National Portrait Gallery bears a striking resemblance to Van Gogh  Art attack A Bear necessity? Tired new dad Liam Payne downs energy drinks to film music video... as fans mock the unusual moniker for his son with Cheryl Chantelle Connelly sets pulses racing as she squeezes her ample assets and tiny waist into plunging semi-sheer lace lingerie Jaw-dropping figure  'You poured a lifetime of love into me!' John Stamos pens emotional and touching letter to his late mom  Loretta passed away in September 2014 Who needs a red carpet? Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley lovingly pats her bump as she dodges Met Gala to enjoy a beach day with Jason Statham Tori Spelling flaunts her fantastic post-baby body in a hot pink vest top while exercising two months after welcoming her fifth child Bouncing back Olivia Buckland flaunts her killer body and TINY waist in glitzy burgundy bikini as she shimmies in playful Instagram video from Cape Verde getaway It's not a Photograph, but... Ed Sheeran is immortalised in a 4ft-square oil painting unveiled at the National Portrait Gallery  Portrait of the musician 'Feeling good in myself': Danielle Armstrong flaunts her phenomenal figure as she strips off for a series of saucy selfies TOWIE reality star Dutch King Willem-Alexander opens up about life with his 'radiant' daughters and 'very special' wife Maxima in interview to celebrate 50th birthday  Sylvester Stallone's daughter Sistine, 18, hangs with Sofia Richie and Behati Prinsloo at first Met Gala Accepted into the Vogue inner circle Check out that rock! Anna Wintour's daughter Bee Shaffer shows off engagement ring with fiancé at Francesco Carrozzini at the Met Gala The night of the young guns! Kendall, Kylie, Bella and Gigi battle it out to rule the red carpet as they join a host of stars at the Met Gala  Hello, new Hollywood An Oscar-worthy Met Gala selfie: Kylie Jenner takes epic bathroom snap with Kendall, Kim, Lily Aldridge, and Puff Daddy... as stars break the 'no-selfie' policy Inside the Met Gala: Katy Perry brushes off controversial red carpet arrival as she gives bondage-inspired performance alongside crooner John Legend Ready for bed? Braless Rihanna risks a wardrobe malfunction as she sports JUST a feather-trimmed night shirt with two belts at Met Gala after-party Katy Perry turns heads in a leotard and sequinned cape at Met Gala afterparty ... after being blasted for wearing a John Galliano gown  Kate Hudson channels the roaring 20s in red fringe flapper dress before changing into abs-baring orange as she swaps outfits for MET Gala afterparty Emily Ratajkowski sets pulses racing as she swaps glittering gown for saucy side slit maxi and risqué buckled boots at the Met Gala after party in NYC Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in daring lace LBD as she joins suited and booted husband John Legend at Met Gala after-party Underwear as outerwear Jennifer Lopez dazzles in bejewelled mini dress and navajo-inspired fluffy coat as she joins new man Alex Rodriguez at Met Gala after-party  Natasha, Pierre And The Great Comet of 1812 lead Tony Award nominations... as Cate Blanchett, Bette Midler, and Sally Field also earn nods Guitarist Bruce Hampton dies at age 70 after collapsing on stage in Atlanta in front of actor Billy Bob Thornton 'Grandfather of the jamband scene'  What Baywatch babe? Olivia Munn beams in Vancouver as she returns for filming... amid claims ex Aaron Rodgers is romancing Kelly Rohrbach 'She has a moral obligation to show that she is normal': Stacey Solomon slams Kim K over airbrushing... as Loose Women stars strip off for nude shoot 'That's what tongues are for!' This Morning's Phillip and Holly are left in fits of laughter as Miriam Margolyes clumsily chomps on ice cream during interview EXCLUSIVE: Rosie O'Donnell's daughter Chelsea tells how star threatened to hit her with an empty wine bottle and told her she could 'kill her'  'My heart hurts': Nick Cannon reveals that mother-of-three who was killed in San Diego pool party shooting was his childhood friend 'Hurting with sadness' Blush beauty! Sophie Wessex glows in a vibrant pink coat as she visits children with special needs on the first day of whistlestop tour of Estonia 'Why is he lounging on the steps like Aladdin on his carpet?': Fans create hilarious memes as 'tired' P. Diddy LIES DOWN at the Met Gala Marches to his own drum The Eagles sue hotel in Mexico for using the name 'Hotel California,' arguing that owners capitalized on their famous song by selling branded T-shirts 'She looks like a Teletubby!' Pharrell's wife Helen Lasichanh inspires hilarious memes in pillowy avant-garde gown at Met Gala In a full body suit A camo catastrophe and too much tulle! Katy Perry's veiled disaster and Madonna's military dress lead a lengthy list of red carpet horror stories at the Met Gala Flying the flag! British stars Rita Ora, Cara Delevingne and Lily Collins make a statement as they join Daisy Ridley and Sophie Turner at Met Gala Hollywood's golden couple Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds share adoring glances as she dazzles beside him at the Met Gala in a plunging gown The mane attraction! Zendaya lets her hair down as she goes against the grain in Dolce & Gabbana ball gown at the Met Gala What nature gave her  Runway beauties Doutzen Kroes, Behati Prinsloo and Natasha Poly show fellow stars how it's done as they sashay into the Met Gala in breathtaking style It's official! Kendall Jenner and A$AP Rocky CONFIRM relationship at Met Gala as her sisters post PDA snaps... breaking the event's selfie ban Blac Chyna flaunts her ample derriere and trim post-baby figure in tight sporty dress as she enjoys a night out in Miami Dream-y figure Going dotty for denim! Erin Holland puts on a leggy display in polka-dot frock and ankle boots as she attends Neuw denim launch  Stole the spotlight  Drugs mule Michaella McCollum enjoys glamorous night out in Marbella after signing on the dole... amid rumours she is set to appear on Celebrity Big Brother Pregnant Kimberly Wyatt displays the faintest hint of a bump during outing with hunky husband Max Rogers and daughter Willow Pussycat Dolls star  Johnny Depp 'fed lines through earpiece so he doesn't have to learn', according to lawsuit by former managers who also claim star has a 'spending disorder' 'Come on you trolls, give him a break!' Zayn Malik's cancer-stricken 'aunt' attacks 'spiteful' fans who said star should donate to her £120k fund himself Look away, Lauren! Simon Cowell is all smiles as he reunites with former flame Terri Seymour while discussing America's Got Talent season I'm A Celebrity star George Shelley's sister is fighting for life in intensive care after being hit by car  Harriet Shelley was in an accident  Megan Fox goes super low-key in leggings as she enjoys playful day at the mall with husband Brian Austin Green and their three sons Rupert's little ladies: Wendi Murdoch takes daughters Chloe and Grace to the Met Ball He may be married to a model but  his daughters were Vogue-worthy, too J.Rod's first red carpet! Jennifer Lopez the blue belle stuns in glamorous gown as she makes debut with boyfriend Alex Rodriguez at Met Gala What a catch! Gigi Hadid flashes her fishnets in princess-inspired Tommy Hilfiger gown as she goes to Met Gala without Zayn Malik Flying solo The simple life: Kim Kardashian shuns bling to play the peasant girl at Met Gala after declaring robbery terror has made her 'less materialistic'  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Worthington Industries Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Worthington Industries Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BTIG Research Increases McDonald's Co. (MCD) Price Target to $156.00 Nielsen N.V. (NLSN) Price Target Cut to $44.00 by Analysts at BMO Capital Markets Escalade, Inc. (ESCA) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Morgan Stanley Increases The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Price Target to $44.00 Strs Ohio Has $15.734 Million Stake in Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc (MTSI) Price Target Raised to $60.00 Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.83 Per Share Strs Ohio Has $15.943 Million Stake in United Rentals, Inc. (URI) Solar Senior Capital (SUNS) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.45 Strs Ohio Lowers Stake in UDR, Inc. (UDR) Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Arotech (ARTX) Share Price Strs Ohio Cuts Stake in General Motors Company (GM) Aon plc Class A (AON) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) Stake Lowered by Strs Ohio Superior Energy Services (SPN) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) Position Raised by Narwhal Capital Management Sigma Designs (SIGM) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Physicians Financial Services Inc. Has $257,000 Position in Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) Grand Canyon Education Inc (LOPE) Stake Held by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Sells 12,626 Shares of Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.83 Per Share May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street brokerages forecast that Worthington Industries, Inc. (NYSE:WOR) will report earnings of $0.83 per share for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Two analysts have provided estimates for Worthington Industries’ earnings, with the highest EPS estimate coming in at $0.91 and the lowest estimate coming in at $0.77. Worthington Industries reported earnings of $0.87 per share during the same quarter last year, which indicates a negative year-over-year growth rate of 4.6%. The firm is scheduled to announce its next quarterly earnings report on Wednesday, July 5th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Worthington Industries will report full-year earnings of $3.17 per share for the current financial year, with EPS estimates ranging from $3.12 to $3.25. For the next year, analysts anticipate that the company will report earnings of $2.92 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $2.75 to $3.18. Zacks’ EPS averages are an average based on a survey of sell-side research analysts that follow Worthington Industries. Worthington Industries (NYSE:WOR) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, March 29th. The industrial products company reported $0.55 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.64 by $0.09. The company had revenue of $703.40 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $717.26 million. Worthington Industries had a net margin of 7.08% and a return on equity of 21.45%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 8.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.46 EPS. WOR has been the subject of a number of research reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Worthington Industries from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $53.00 target price for the company in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “sell” rating and set a $45.00 target price on shares of Worthington Industries in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Macquarie upgraded shares of Worthington Industries from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. dropped their target price on shares of Worthington Industries from $48.00 to $46.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Worthington Industries (NYSE:WOR) traded down 0.39% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $43.80. 50,287 shares of the stock traded hands. Worthington Industries has a 12 month low of $34.21 and a 12 month high of $62.44. The company’s 50 day moving average is $45.97 and its 200 day moving average is $49.58. The company has a market cap of $2.79 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.67 and a beta of 1.29. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 29th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 15th will be given a dividend of $0.20 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 13th. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.82%. Worthington Industries’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 25.64%. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Rhumbline Advisers raised its position in Worthington Industries by 3.3% in the third quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 95,944 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $4,608,000 after buying an additional 3,060 shares during the period. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC raised its position in Worthington Industries by 3.6% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 250,706 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $12,041,000 after buying an additional 8,694 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in Worthington Industries by 4.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,375,212 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $114,081,000 after buying an additional 97,352 shares during the period. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in Worthington Industries by 71.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 39,578 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,901,000 after buying an additional 16,484 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its position in Worthington Industries by 19.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 105,181 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $5,052,000 after buying an additional 16,847 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 54.27% of the company’s stock. WARNING: This story was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/worthington-industries-inc-wor-expected-to-post-earnings-of-0-83-per-share.html. Worthington Industries Company Profile Worthington Industries, Inc is a metals manufacturing company, focused on value-added steel processing and manufactured metal products. The Company’s segments include Steel Processing, Pressure Cylinders, Engineered Cabs and Other. The Steel Processing segment buys coils of steel from integrated steel mills and mini-mills, and also toll processes steel for steel mills, end users, service centers and other processors. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Worthington Industries (WOR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Worthington Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Worthington Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/what-is-going-on-at-alliancebernstein-1493734139 Focus on Funds What is Going on at AllianceBernstein? Management's conference call on Monday "produced more questions than answers." AllianceBernstein stock keeps sliding. By Crystal Kim May 2, 2017 10:08 a.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large AllianceBernstein (AB) CEO Peter Kraus and eight members of its board got the ax on Friday, according to a securities filing submitted on Monday. French parent AXA (AXAHY), which owns 64% of AllianceBernstein, was behind the management shake-up. Seth Bernstein, former JPMorgan Chase executive took Kraus' seat at the helm and six AXA-affiliated individuals joined the board of directors. AllianceBernstein stock fell more than 2% on the news and has fallen 1.35% so far on Tuesday to under $22. Meanwhile AXA stock has gained 2% to above $27 so far this morning. Jefferies analyst Surinder Thind in a note published Monday said that management's conference call "produced more questions than answers." The complete overhaul of the asset manager's leadership team suggests the firm may be changing its game plan, but Thind says "the change does not appear to be justified." He wrote: Under the leadership of former Chairman and CEO Peter Kraus, the company transformed itself from a value and growth equity shop to a much more diversified global manager. Perhaps more importantly, over the previous few years investment performance significantly improved and the company demonstrated it could be a true innovator, most recently with the introduction of its performance/variable fee line-up of products. This blogger noted yesterday that AllianceBernstein shares have returned 9.5% annually over Kraus' tenure, lagging the S&P 500, but outpacing AXA, which returned 6.8%. So is AXA looking to buy AllianceBernstein? Management indicated on the call yesterday that the current relationship will remain intact. Text Size Regular Medium Large ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN AXA PETER KRAUS SETH BERNSTEIN Crystal Kim crystal.kim@barrons.com • @crystalkimmm PREVIOUS ETF Flopper: The VIX Fell Flat on its Face NEXT This Biotech ETF Has 'Bullish Potential' Most Popular AMD Investors Should Keep Faith Amid Carnage Why a T-Mobile Deal Could Happen Soon Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Iconic Tour CNBC Disruptor 50 Shaping the future Trading Nation Investing in Megatrends Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Banks Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital Cramer: Trump's big bank breakup 'almost impossible' Berkeley Lovelace Jr. | @BerkeleyJr 16 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES President Donald Trump's comment about breaking up the nation's biggest banks makes sense, but is almost impossible, CNBC's Jim Cramer said Tuesday. Speaking on "Squawk on the Street," Cramer said when Trump, who made his remarksthe same day he met with leaders of the Independent Community Bankers of America, is speaking in front of a particular audience, he aims to please. "This audience does not like the big banks," Cramer said. "They feel like what happened during the Great Recession was that there was far too much concentration in the hands of Wells Fargo, in the hands of JPMorgan, in the hands of Bank of America." Cramer added, "Those were really at the behest of the government. They were trying to make sure everybody was able to have a bank that worked and we didn't have a collapse. So, to undo it, while it certainly would make sense in terms of getting back to the percentages ... I think is almost impossible." Major averages slipped Monday but then rebounded after Trump said in an interview with Bloomberg News he is considering "looking at" breaking up the big banks. The Dow closed down, while the S&P and Nasdaq posted gains. Trump's comments could push efforts to revive the Depression-era Glass-Steagall law that separated commercial lending from investment banking, but would require an act of Congress. Also watch: Expect it will be a 'bad day' for United's Munoz: Cramer show chapters Expect it will be a 'bad day' for United's Munoz: Cramer    17 Hours Ago | 00:33 — Reuters contributed to this report. Berkeley Lovelace Jr.News Associate To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About Contact Membership Store Donate USA Canada Latin America Africa Middle East Europe Russia Asia Oceania Notre site en Français: mondialisation.ca Italiano Deutsch Português srpski العربية Globalizacion | Asia-Pacific Research Global Research grtv youtube twitter facebook rss US Nato War Economy Civil Rights Environment Poverty Media Justice 9/11 War Crimes Militarization History Science The Real Defenders of Democracy: Syria and the Struggle against the International Despotism of Wall Street By Stephen Gowans Global Research, May 02, 2017 What's Left 30 April 2017 Region: Middle East & North Africa, USA Theme: Global Economy, Intelligence, US NATO War Agenda In-depth Report: FAKE INTELLIGENCE, SYRIA A day before my book Washington’s Long War on Syria was sent to the press, I read a short essay by a notable Canadian, Norman Bethune. The essay was titled Wounds. Bethune was a skilled and innovative surgeon who was at the forefront of the fight for public health care in Canada. But he’s mainly known for participating in two wars in the late 1930s: The Spanish Civil War and the Second Sino-Japanese War. In the Second Sino-Japanese War Bethune joined Mao’s forces as a frontline surgeon in the resistance against Japanese efforts to colonize China. It was in China that Bethune wrote his essay, a meditation on the causes of the war in which he was entangled which produced the wounds he was called upon everyday to operate on. In an April 27, 2017 Telesur interview, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad argued that US presidents “merely implement” policies formulated by US “financial institutions,” “big arms and oil companies,” as well as “the intelligence agencies” and “the Pentagon.” As I read Bethune’s essay, it struck me that what he was saying, in very few words, was what I had tried in a whole book to say. So I quickly asked my publisher if he would include a short quote from Wounds as the epigraph of the book. He readily agreed. The epigraph reads: Are wars of aggression, wars for the conquest of colonies … just big business? Yes, it would seem so, however much the perpetrators of such national crimes seek to hide their true purpose under banners of high-sounding abstractions and ideals. [1] The idea that wars of aggression, wars for the conquest of colonies, are motivated by the profit-making interests of big business strike many as facile. But once you strip away the high-sounding abstractions and ideals Washington invokes to justify its wars of aggression, an obvious question remains: If the reasons Washington cites to justify its wars are bogus, what, then, are the real reasons? In his book Towards a New Cold War: U.S. Foreign Policy from Vietnam to Reagan, Noam Chomsky argues that: If we hope to understand anything about the foreign policy of any state, it is a good idea to begin by investigating the domestic social structure. Who sets foreign policy? What interests do these people represent? What is the domestic source of their power? It is a reasonable surmise that the policy that evolves will reflect the special interests of those who design it. [2] In an article published yesterday in The New York Times, reporter Kate Kelly reveals that nearly 300 top executives have visited the White House in the president’s first 100 days, an average of three per day. [3] That offers a clue about who influences the public policy direction of the United States. Here’s another: After examining over 1,700 policy issues, the political scientists Martin Gilens and Benjamin Page concluded that “economic elites and organized groups representing business interests have substantial impacts on government policy, while average citizens and mass-based interests groups have little or no independent influence.” [4] The shoguns of finance and industry who have enjoyed access to the White House in Trump’s first 100 days include multi-billionaire Stephen Schwarzman, head of the giant equity manager Blackstone Group; near billionaire Jack Welch, the former chairman and chief executive of General Electric; billionaire Jamie Dimon, head of JPMorgan Chase; multi-millionaire Larry Fink, head of BlackRock, the world’s largest money-management firm; billionaire Eric Schmidt, head of Google’s parent company Alphabet; multimillionaire Andrew Liveris, head of Dow Chemical; Roy Harvey, chief executive of Alcoa. [5] The list goes on. Not only is the administration lobbied directly by the heads of corporate America, but measures have been taken to systematize their influence. Blackstone’s Schwarzman, writes the New York Times’ Kelly, “recruited a range of business leaders, economists and policy experts for the president’s strategic and policy forum, which regularly meets at the White House and has emerged as the most elite outside counsel.” [6] On top of titans of corporate America enjoying unfettered access to the president, Trump has appointed to posts in his administration billionaires and multi-millionaires whose fortunes come from the business world. A number of his top advisers had careers in the pharaonicly wealthy investment bank Goldman Sachs, known on Wall Street as “Government Sachs” for its history of placing top executives in commanding posts in the US state. [7] Goldman Sachs’ ties to the White House (and to aspiring presidents) date back to the Clintons, if not earlier. As president, Bill Clinton appointed Goldman co-chair Robert Rubin to the post of Treasury Secretary. (The current Treasury Secretary, Steven Mnuchin had a 17 year career with Goldman, rising to the post of the firm’s Chief Information Officer.) Goldman chair and CEO Lloyd Blankfein raised funds for Hillary Clinton’s first presidential bid, and also paid Clinton $675,000 to deliver three speeches at Goldman events after she left the State Department. Blankfein was one of the guests at Clinton’s 64th birthday celebration. (Blankfein’s predecessor as Goldman’s top executive was Henry Paulson, who served as Treasury Secretary in the George W. Bush administration.) “Over 20-plus years,” observed The New York Times, “Goldman provided the Clintons with some of their most influential advisors, millions of dollars in campaign contributions and speaking fees, and financial support to the family foundation’s charitable programs.” [8] Obama’s administration was no less in thrall to Wall Street. Seventeen members of the previous president’s administration were members of the Council on Foreign Relations, Wall Street’s foreign policy think tank. Council members included national security advisors James Jones Jr., Thomas Donilon, and Susan Rice, Defense Secretaries Robert Gates, Chuck Hagel and Ashton Carter, and CIA director David Petraeus. Council members also include most of the captains of finance and industry who have paraded through Trump’s White House since the beginning of the year. The think tank is the chief interlock between Wall Street and US administrations, bringing together giants of US finance, banking and industry with scholars, military officers and ambitious politicians to address questions of US foreign policy. As of 2016 over 70 council members held key cabinet positions and were usually members of the Council before they were appointed or elected to these posts, including 10 National Security Advisers, 9 US Ambassadors to the United Nations, 8 Secretaries of State, 8 Secretaries of Defense, 8 CIA Directors, 4 Chairmen of the Joint Chiefs, 3 World Bank Presidents and 2 Presidents of the United States. Given that Wall Street’s tentacles reach everywhere in Washington it is hardly surprising that successive US administrations have been hostile to the Syrian government. Since 1963, Syria has been ruled by the very antithesis of the world-leading financiers and industrialists who rule in Washington; Syria has been governed in contrast by people who call themselves and are called in Washington socialists. Norman Bethune For over half a century, Syria has been governed by the Baath Arab Socialist Party, which is guided by the party’s motto of unity (of the Arab world), freedom (from Western domination), and socialism (in contrast to Washington’s preferred paradigm of free enterprise, free markets and free trade.) The party presided over the drafting of Syria’s constitutions, which mandate government ownership of the commanding heights of the economy and a significant role for government in the guidance of the economy, i.e., socialism. Ba’ath Arab Socialists have been seen in Washington as “Arab communists” [9] and the state they lead as “socialist Syria.” [10] Indeed, Washington and Wall Street have longed complained about Damascus’s refusal to fully integrate into a US-led global neo-liberal economic order, and about the “ideologues” in the Syrian government who refuse to disavow their commitment to socialism. The Wall Street Journal-Heritage Foundation Index of Economic Freedom is replete with grievances about the Syrian government’s economic policies, from its subsidies to local businesses, tariff barriers, state-owned enterprises, and restrictions on foreign investment. These policies are designed to overcome the injuries of under-development visited about the Arab world by colonialism, but severely limit US investment and trade opportunities, and are therefore anathema in free enterprise, profit-hungry, Washington. That the US government is—as two German philosophers once described the governments of business-driven societies—a committee for managing the common affairs of the country’s business owners, is not lost on the current Syrian president, Bashar al-Assad. In an April 27, 2017 interview with Telesur, Assad described US foreign policy as being set by US “financial institutions” and “the big arms and oil companies” as well as “the intelligence agencies” and “the Pentagon.” The American President merely implements these policies, and the evidence is that when Trump tried to move on a different track, during and after his election campaign, he couldn’t. He came under a ferocious attack. As we have seen in the past few weeks, he changed his rhetoric completely and subjected himself to the terms of the deep American state, or the deep American regime…[The president] ultimately does what these institutions dictate to him. This is not new. This has been ongoing American policy for decades. [11] Bethune denounced as an enemy of the human race the very same class which rules in Washington. In his view, in its hunt for profits, this class starts the wars which create the wounds which he was, and all frontline surgeons are, called upon to heal. What do the members of this class, these enemies of humanity, look like, he wondered. Do they wear on their foreheads a sign so that they may be told, shunned and condemned as criminals? No. On the contrary. They are the respectable ones. They are honoured. They call themselves, and are called, gentlemen. …They are the pillars of the state, of the church, of society. They support private and public charity out of the excess of their wealth. They endow institutions. In their private lives they are kind and considerate. …. But there is one sign by which these gentlemen can be told. Threaten a reduction [in their profits] and the beast in them awakes with a snarl. They become ruthless as savages, brutal as madmen, remorseless as executioners. [12] Muamar Gaddafi was inspired by the same Baath Arab Socialist goals of unity, freedom and socialism that guide the Syrian state. A year after he was violently removed from power by Islamists backed by NATO (Canadian fighter pilots quipped that they were al-Qaeda’s air force), The Wall Street Journal revealed that Western oil companies had agitated for Gaddafi’s removal because he was driving hard bargains and insisting that Libyans benefit from their own oil resources. [13] Gaddafi had effectively threatened a reduction in the oil companies’ profits, awakening the beast in the respectable burghers and pillars of US society. Bethune ended his essay with this: “Such an organization of human society as permits [these enemies of humanity] to exist must be abolished.” [14] The overarching theme of my book follows along the very same lines: Washington’s long war on Syria can only be understood within the context of the organization of human society—one in which economic power, driven by profit-hunger, is coterminous with political power—as permits these enemies of humanity to exist. A final thought. Many in the West have taken a stand against the Syrian government, arguing that it is not democratic, nor engaged in a fight for democracy. They also argue that amid the alliance of business-driven US foreign policy, the Arab monarchs who funnel support to the al-Qaeda and ISIS insurgents, and the US-backed guerrillas who are enmeshed with, cooperate on the battlefield with, and exchange weapons with, the former, that there can be found a pro-democratic element. The problem is that no one has ever been able to adduce the slightest evidence that such an element exists, and nor are the proponents of this view bold enough to assert that this hypothetical element plays anywhere near a consequential role in the conflict. A more sophisticated view holds that there exists in Syria an indigenous Islamist movement which—though rejecting democracy as a man-made ideology and seeking rule by the Quran (Islam’s holy book) and Sunna (the record of the Islamic prophet Mohammad’s thought and actions)—is fundamentally democratic insofar as it represents the aspirations of the majority. This view, however, suffers from two fatal defects: (1) There is no evidence that a majority of Syrians hold Islamist aspirations; and (2) a significant part of the Islamist opposition to the secular Syrian government is of foreign origin. Even if a genuinely democratic opposition element did exist, it does not follow that support for the Syrian government in its efforts to assert its sovereignty against neo-colonial efforts to negate it, is undemocratic. On the contrary: If we are seriously concerned with the question of democracy [we should be concerned about] the democratization of international relations. If a country or a group of countries declare and decide that they have the right to provoke a war…without the authorization of the Security Council, they are developing a theory in which the West has the right to exercise despotism over the rest of humanity. It is open despotism; the United States and the West declare openly that they have the right to intervene in every corner of the world. That is despotism. [Washington] already said at the start of the century that Assad should be toppled. They said that they should carry out a change of regime in Syria because Assad is against Israel, against the West, etc. That is despotism, and those [who] struggle against such despots are the real defenders of democracy. [15] Notes 1. Norman Bethune, “Wounds,” in Roderick Stewart, The Mind of Norman Bethune, Fitzhenry & Whiteside, 2002, pp. 183-186. 2. http://www.kropfpolisci.com/foreign.policy.chomsky2 3. Kate Kelly, “Persuasive business leaders parade through White House,” The New York Times, April 29, 2017 4. Martin Gilens and Benjamin I. Page, “Testing Theories of American Politics: Elites, Interest Groups, and Average Citizens,” Perspectives on Politics, Fall, 2014 5. Kelly 6. Kelly 7. Julie Creswell and Ben White, “The Guys from ‘Government Sachs’,” The New York Times, October 19, 2008 8. Nicholas Confessore and Susanne Craig, “2008 crisis deepened the ties between Clintons and Goldman Sachs,” The New York Times, September 24, 2016 9. Robert Baer, Sleeping with the Devil: How Washington Sold Our Soul for Saudi Crude, Three Rivers Press, 2003, p. 123 10. Baer, p. 193 11. President al-Assad to Telesur: Stopping outside support to terrorists and reconciliation among Syrians are means to restore security to Syria,” SANA, April 27, 2017, http://sana.sy/en/?p=105108 12. Bethune 13. Benoit Faucon, “For big oil, the Libya opening that wasn’t”, The Wall Street Journal, May 4, 2012 14. Bethune 15. Attributed to Domenico Losurdo. I cannot find the original source, and therefore cannot vouchsafe that Losurdo is the author. All the same, the words are worthy of repeating, whether they are those of Losurdo or not. The original source of this article is What's Left Copyright © Stephen Gowans, What's Left, 2017 Comment on Global Research Articles on our Facebook page Become a Member of Global Research Articles by: Stephen Gowans Disclaimer: The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s). The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible for any inaccurate or incorrect statement in this article. The Center of Research on Globalization grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified. The source and the author's copyright must be displayed. For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites, contact: [email protected] www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of "fair use" in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than "fair use" you must request permission from the copyright owner. For media inquiries: [email protected] Latest News & Top Stories Bigoted Americans, Far More Supportive of War Against Syria The Economics of the Future NATO Terrorism in Syria Let’s Call Western Media Coverage of Syria by Its Real Name: Propaganda International May Day 2017: Mass Marches and Police Repression May Day in France: Trade Union Calls to Support Macron Fall Flat Selected Articles: US-NATO Attacks against Syria Geared Towards “Regime Change” The Existential Question of Whom to Trust: “The Looming Threat of World War III” The Real Defenders of Democracy: Syria and the Struggle against the International Despotism of Wall Street Freedom and Form: French Impressionist Painter Frédéric Bazille at the National Gallery America’s Rapacious Aristocracy and World War III Escalation of Tensions in Syria: One Month after the Chemical Attack in Khan Sheikhoun Japan Seeks to Restore Its National Sovereignty. Japan-Russia Relations Abbas Fears the Prisoners’ Hunger Strike; 6500 Political Prisoners in Israeli Jails America’s Financial War Strategy Most Popular All Articles Global Research Publishers Click Here To Order Online News Themes Terrorism Biotechnology and GMO Crimes against Humanity Culture, Society & History Environment Global Economy Intelligence Law and Justice Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Civil Rights Politics and Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights I-Books Series IN-DEPTH REPORTS UKRAINE REPORT SYRIA: NATO’S NEXT WAR? IRAN: THE NEXT WAR? IRAQ REPORT AFGHANISTAN CLIMATE CHANGE CRIMINALIZE WAR DEPLETED URANIUM FAKE INTELLIGENCE HAITI NATO’S WAR ON LIBYA NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR WAR OCCUPY WALL STREET PAKISTAN PALESTINE THE BALKANS GLOBAL RESEARCH VIDEOS The global research news hour Join us on Facebook Partner Websites Project Censored Stop NATO Strategic Culture Foundation The Corbett Report Washington's Blog youtube twitter facebook rss Global Research News I-BOOKS SERIES Countries Index Authors Index Most Popular Links Contact Membership Online Store Themes Geographic Regions US NATO War Agenda Global Economy Crimes against Humanity Militarization and WMD Law and Justice Police State & Civil Rights History 9/11 & ‘War on Terrorism’ Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Police State & Civil Rights Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights USA Canada Middle East & North Africa Latin America & Caribbean Europe sub-Saharan Africa Russia and FSU Asia Oceania GlobalResearch Center for Research on Globalization Privacy Policy Copyright © 2005-2017 GlobalResearch.ca
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Laird PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Laird PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Steris PLC (STE) Stake Cut by First Quadrant L P CA Osamu R. Watanabe Sells 4,225 Shares of Moelis & Co (MC) Stock Alexandria Capital LLC Has $1.236 Million Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Buys 18,672 Shares of Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) First Quadrant L P CA Acquires Shares of 34,157 KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Position Increased by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC 1,672 Shares in Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Acquired by Mycio Wealth Partners LLC David L. Hatcher Sells 3,000 Shares of KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Stock NBT Bank N A NY Cuts Position in Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Gap Inc (GPS) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Stake Boosted by Progressive Investment Management Corp Antero Resources Corp (AR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Kimball Electronics Inc (KE) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.07 EPS First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Reduces Stake in Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) Sit Investment Associates Inc. Has $259,000 Position in Commercial Metals Company (CMC) K Bro Linen Inc to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.33 Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts (KBL) Sit Investment Associates Inc. Increases Stake in JD.Com Inc (JD) Astec Industries, Inc. (aste) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.10 RGC Resources Inc. (RGCO) Posts Earnings Results Prudential Financial’s (PRU) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Laird PLC (LRD) Rating Increased to Add at Numis Securities Ltd May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Laird PLC (LON:LRD) was upgraded by investment analysts at Numis Securities Ltd to an “add” rating in a research note issued on Friday. The brokerage currently has a GBX 165 ($2.13) price target on the stock. Numis Securities Ltd’s target price indicates a potential upside of 10.00% from the company’s current price. A number of other analysts have also weighed in on the company. Berenberg Bank raised Laird PLC to a “buy” rating and set a GBX 240 ($3.10) price objective on the stock in a research report on Friday, March 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their price objective on Laird PLC from GBX 200 ($2.58) to GBX 170 ($2.19) and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “equal weight” rating and set a GBX 140 ($1.81) price objective on shares of Laird PLC in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Shares of Laird PLC (LON:LRD) traded up 4.67% during trading on Friday, reaching GBX 157.00. The company had a trading volume of 2,205,431 shares. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 424.94 million. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 142.95 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 160.40. Laird PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 95.12 and a 52 week high of GBX 282.43. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/laird-plc-lrd-rating-increased-to-add-at-numis-securities-ltd.html. In other Laird PLC news, insider Kevin Dangerfield bought 25,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 10th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 190 ($2.45) per share, with a total value of £47,500 ($61,329.89). Also, insider Michael Parker bought 48,055 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 14th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of GBX 181 ($2.34) per share, for a total transaction of £86,979.55 ($112,304.13). Insiders have bought 87,055 shares of company stock worth $15,625,955 in the last ninety days. Laird PLC Company Profile Laird PLC is engaged in providing engineering solutions that protect electronics from electromagnetic interference and heat, and enable connectivity in mission-critical wireless applications. The Company operates through two segments: Performance Materials and Wireless Systems. The Performance Materials segment designs a range of electro-magnetic interference shielding materials, thermal management solutions, and signal integrity products to a range of electronic devices and prototypes. Receive News & Ratings for Laird PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Laird PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Metlife Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metlife Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brightcove Inc (BCOV) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Broadway Financial Corp (BYFC) Announces Earnings Results China Commercial Credit (CCCR) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Analysis Shows Care Capital Properties (CCP) Earns News Impact Score of 0.38 Calamos Convertible & Hi Income Fund (CHY) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.56 CSI Compressco (CCLP) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of -0.04 Calamos Conv. Opptys. & Income Fund (CHI) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds BlackRock Global Opportunities Equity Tr (BOE) Getting Very Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Cytosorbents Corp (CTSO) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.44 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Piper Jaffray Companies Silicon Laboratories (SLAB) PT Raised to $85.00 at DA Davidson Cantor Fitzgerald Boosts Shutterfly, Inc. (SFLY) Price Target to $57.00 Symantec Co. (SYMC) Shares Bought by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC E I Du Pont De Nemours And’s (DD) “Sector Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Insider Selling: bluebird bio Inc (BLUE) Director Sells $173,500.00 in Stock Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Steris PLC (STE) Stake Cut by First Quadrant L P CA Osamu R. Watanabe Sells 4,225 Shares of Moelis & Co (MC) Stock Zacks Investment Research Lowers Metlife Inc (MET) to Sell May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report issued on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “MetLife remains exposed to headwinds like adverse foreign exchange, taxes, regulatory uncertainty surrounding its SIFI designation, high claims in auto insurance business and stiff competition. This is also reflecetd in it share price which has underperformed the Zacks categorized Insurance Multi-Line industry. Nevertheless, its consistent inorganic growth via acquisitions and divestitures allow it to focus on core growth areas, which in turn, have been paving the way for long-term success. The company’s ongoing efforts to reduce expenses will cushion its bottom-line over the long term. In addition, the company maintains a diversified business mix and is one of the strongest brands in the world. Its strong balance sheet, improved cash balance and lower debt level are other positives.” A number of other research firms have also commented on MET. Citigroup Inc assumed coverage on Metlife in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a sell rating and a $51.00 price target for the company. Bank of America Corp lowered Metlife from a buy rating to a neutral rating and increased their price target for the company from $54.20 to $54.83 in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Deutsche Bank AG raised Metlife from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $65.00 price target for the company in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered their price target on Metlife from $57.00 to $54.00 and set an overweight rating for the company in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, TheStreet lowered Metlife from a b- rating to a c rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating, eight have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $55.57. Metlife (NYSE:MET) opened at 51.96 on Wednesday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $52.35 and a 200-day moving average price of $52.79. The firm has a market cap of $56.49 billion, a P/E ratio of 82.48 and a beta of 1.65. Metlife has a 1-year low of $36.17 and a 1-year high of $58.09. Metlife (NYSE:MET) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The financial services provider reported $1.28 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.34 by $0.06. The company earned $12.08 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $17.34 billion. Metlife had a net margin of 1.30% and a return on equity of 7.17%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 29.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $1.23 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Metlife will post $5.28 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/zacks-investment-research-lowers-metlife-inc-met-to-sell.html. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 13th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 8th will be paid a $0.40 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 4th. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.08%. Metlife’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 262.30%. In other news, Director James M. Kilts purchased 17,205 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 22nd. The stock was bought at an average price of $51.13 per share, for a total transaction of $879,691.65. Following the purchase, the director now owns 59,443 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,039,320.59. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director James M. Kilts purchased 2,795 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were purchased at an average price of $54.17 per share, with a total value of $151,405.15. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 41,951 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,272,485.67. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 0.27% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt increased its position in Metlife by 116.9% in the third quarter. Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt now owns 270,300 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $15,316,000 after buying an additional 145,652 shares during the last quarter. Stratos Wealth Partners LTD. increased its position in Metlife by 11.0% in the third quarter. Stratos Wealth Partners LTD. now owns 31,686 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,408,000 after buying an additional 3,147 shares during the last quarter. Cigna Investments Inc. New purchased a new position in Metlife during the fourth quarter valued at $2,099,000. Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc. increased its position in Metlife by 4.8% in the third quarter. Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc. now owns 177,516 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $7,887,000 after buying an additional 8,179 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Commonwealth Bank of Australia increased its position in Metlife by 3.9% in the third quarter. Commonwealth Bank of Australia now owns 221,247 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $9,829,000 after buying an additional 8,400 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 74.92% of the company’s stock. About Metlife MetLife, Inc is a provider of life insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. The Company’s segments include U.S.; Asia; Latin America; Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA); MetLife Holdings; Brighthouse Financial, and Corporate & Other. Its U.S. segment is organized into Group Benefits, Retirement and Income Solutions and Property & Casualty businesses. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Metlife (MET) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Metlife Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metlife Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Great Western Bancorp Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Silicon Laboratories (SLAB) PT Raised to $85.00 at DA Davidson Cantor Fitzgerald Boosts Shutterfly, Inc. (SFLY) Price Target to $57.00 Symantec Co. (SYMC) Shares Bought by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC E I Du Pont De Nemours And’s (DD) “Sector Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Insider Selling: bluebird bio Inc (BLUE) Director Sells $173,500.00 in Stock Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Steris PLC (STE) Stake Cut by First Quadrant L P CA Osamu R. Watanabe Sells 4,225 Shares of Moelis & Co (MC) Stock Alexandria Capital LLC Has $1.236 Million Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Buys 18,672 Shares of Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) First Quadrant L P CA Acquires Shares of 34,157 KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Position Increased by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC 1,672 Shares in Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Acquired by Mycio Wealth Partners LLC David L. Hatcher Sells 3,000 Shares of KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Stock NBT Bank N A NY Cuts Position in Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Gap Inc (GPS) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Stake Boosted by Progressive Investment Management Corp Antero Resources Corp (AR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Kimball Electronics Inc (KE) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.07 EPS Q3 2017 Earnings Forecast for Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) Issued By DA Davidson May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Great Western Bancorp Inc (NYSE:GWB) – Investment analysts at DA Davidson decreased their Q3 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for shares of Great Western Bancorp in a report issued on Thursday. DA Davidson analyst J. Rulis now expects that the bank will post earnings per share of $0.63 for the quarter, down from their previous forecast of $0.64. DA Davidson has a “Buy” rating and a $50.00 price objective on the stock. DA Davidson also issued estimates for Great Western Bancorp’s Q4 2017 earnings at $0.64 EPS, FY2017 earnings at $2.50 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $2.75 EPS. Great Western Bancorp (NYSE:GWB) last released its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The bank reported $0.60 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.62 by $0.02. Great Western Bancorp had a net margin of 27.75% and a return on equity of 8.47%. The firm earned $111.23 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $116.90 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.55 earnings per share. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Q3 2017 Earnings Forecast for Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) Issued By DA Davidson” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/q3-2017-earnings-forecast-for-great-western-bancorp-inc-gwb-issued-by-da-davidson.html. Several other analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Great Western Bancorp from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and dropped their target price for the company from $48.00 to $47.00 in a report on Friday. FBR & Co initiated coverage on shares of Great Western Bancorp in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $48.00 price target for the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Great Western Bancorp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “buy” rating and issued a $46.00 price target on shares of Great Western Bancorp in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating and issued a $48.00 price target on shares of Great Western Bancorp in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $45.00. Great Western Bancorp (NYSE:GWB) opened at 42.06 on Monday. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $42.28 and a 200 day moving average price of $40.89. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.47 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.69 and a beta of 1.86. Great Western Bancorp has a 52-week low of $29.31 and a 52-week high of $45.62. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 24th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be given a dividend of $0.20 per share. This is a positive change from Great Western Bancorp’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.17. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.90%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 10th. Great Western Bancorp’s dividend payout ratio is presently 30.77%. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. raised its position in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 35,270.6% in the third quarter. Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. now owns 93,732 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $3,123,000 after buying an additional 93,467 shares during the last quarter. Peregrine Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp during the third quarter valued at about $11,061,000. Aperio Group LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp during the third quarter valued at about $278,000. Victory Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 4.7% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 3,347 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 151 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 9.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 43,113 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $1,437,000 after buying an additional 3,629 shares during the period. Great Western Bancorp Company Profile Great Western Bancorp, Inc is a full-service regional bank holding company. The Company is the holding company of the Great Western Bank (the Bank). As of September 30, 2016, the Company served customers through 173 branches in various markets in Arizona, Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota and South Dakota. Receive News & Ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ibstock plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ibstock plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Steris PLC (STE) Stake Cut by First Quadrant L P CA Osamu R. Watanabe Sells 4,225 Shares of Moelis & Co (MC) Stock Alexandria Capital LLC Has $1.236 Million Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Buys 18,672 Shares of Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) First Quadrant L P CA Acquires Shares of 34,157 KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Position Increased by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC 1,672 Shares in Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Acquired by Mycio Wealth Partners LLC David L. Hatcher Sells 3,000 Shares of KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Stock NBT Bank N A NY Cuts Position in Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Gap Inc (GPS) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Stake Boosted by Progressive Investment Management Corp Antero Resources Corp (AR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Kimball Electronics Inc (KE) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.07 EPS First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Reduces Stake in Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) Sit Investment Associates Inc. Has $259,000 Position in Commercial Metals Company (CMC) K Bro Linen Inc to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.33 Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts (KBL) Sit Investment Associates Inc. Increases Stake in JD.Com Inc (JD) Astec Industries, Inc. (aste) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.10 RGC Resources Inc. (RGCO) Posts Earnings Results Prudential Financial’s (PRU) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Ibstock plc’s (IBST) Overweight Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC reaffirmed their overweight rating on shares of Ibstock plc (LON:IBST) in a research report released on Thursday. Barclays PLC currently has a GBX 245 ($3.16) price objective on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on IBST. Beaufort Securities restated a buy rating on shares of Ibstock plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Peel Hunt reiterated a hold rating and issued a GBX 190 ($2.45) price target on shares of Ibstock plc in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price target on Ibstock plc from GBX 205 ($2.65) to GBX 240 ($3.10) and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating and issued a GBX 210 ($2.71) price target on shares of Ibstock plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC upped their price target on Ibstock plc from GBX 230 ($2.97) to GBX 240 ($3.10) and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Ibstock plc presently has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of GBX 227.50 ($2.94). Ibstock plc (LON:IBST) opened at 231.90 on Thursday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 213.55 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 190.13. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 942.25 million. Ibstock plc has a 12-month low of GBX 113.20 and a 12-month high of GBX 233.40. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Ibstock plc’s (IBST) Overweight Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/ibstock-plcs-ibst-overweight-rating-reiterated-at-barclays-plc.html. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 9th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be given a GBX 5.30 ($0.07) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 2.52%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This is a positive change from Ibstock plc’s previous dividend of $2.40. In related news, insider Justin Read purchased 10,000 shares of Ibstock plc stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 210 ($2.71) per share, for a total transaction of £21,000 ($27,114.27). Ibstock plc Company Profile Ibstock plc is a United Kingdom-based company, which is engaged in manufacturing of clay bricks and concrete products. The Company’s segments are the UK and the US. The Company’s principal products include clay bricks, brick components, concrete stone masonry substitutes, concrete fencing, pre-stressed concrete products and concrete rail products. Receive News & Ratings for Ibstock plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ibstock plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Legal & General Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Legal & General Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Steris PLC (STE) Stake Cut by First Quadrant L P CA Osamu R. Watanabe Sells 4,225 Shares of Moelis & Co (MC) Stock Alexandria Capital LLC Has $1.236 Million Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Buys 18,672 Shares of Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) First Quadrant L P CA Acquires Shares of 34,157 KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Position Increased by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC 1,672 Shares in Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Acquired by Mycio Wealth Partners LLC David L. Hatcher Sells 3,000 Shares of KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Stock NBT Bank N A NY Cuts Position in Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Gap Inc (GPS) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Stake Boosted by Progressive Investment Management Corp Antero Resources Corp (AR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Kimball Electronics Inc (KE) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.07 EPS First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Reduces Stake in Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) Sit Investment Associates Inc. Has $259,000 Position in Commercial Metals Company (CMC) K Bro Linen Inc to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.33 Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts (KBL) Sit Investment Associates Inc. Increases Stake in JD.Com Inc (JD) Astec Industries, Inc. (aste) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.10 RGC Resources Inc. (RGCO) Posts Earnings Results Prudential Financial’s (PRU) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Legal & General Group Plc (LGEN) Earns Underperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Credit Suisse Group AG initiated coverage on shares of Legal & General Group Plc (LON:LGEN) in a research note published on Thursday. The firm issued an underperform rating and a GBX 215 ($2.78) price target on the financial services provider’s stock. Several other equities research analysts have also recently commented on LGEN. Berenberg Bank reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 301 ($3.89) price target on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Barclays PLC boosted their price target on shares of Legal & General Group Plc from GBX 276 ($3.56) to GBX 282 ($3.64) and gave the stock an overweight rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an underweight rating and issued a GBX 197 ($2.54) price target on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Macquarie reiterated an underperform rating and issued a GBX 201 ($2.60) price target on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 275 ($3.55) price target on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. Legal & General Group Plc currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 251.93 ($3.25). Legal & General Group Plc (LON:LGEN) opened at 250.9003 on Thursday. The stock’s market cap is GBX 14.89 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 249.66 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 239.39. Legal & General Group Plc has a 12 month low of GBX 160.50 and a 12 month high of GBX 262.06. WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/legal-general-group-plc-lgen-earns-underperform-rating-from-analysts-at-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 8th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 27th will be paid a dividend of GBX 10.35 ($0.13) per share. This represents a yield of 4.16%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 27th. This is a boost from Legal & General Group Plc’s previous dividend of $4.00. In other Legal & General Group Plc news, insider Philip A. J. Broadley bought 7,735 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were bought at an average price of GBX 254 ($3.28) per share, with a total value of £19,646.90 ($25,367.20). Also, insider Richard H. Meddings bought 1,097 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were acquired at an average cost of GBX 251 ($3.24) per share, for a total transaction of £2,753.47 ($3,555.16). In the last ninety days, insiders have acquired 11,785 shares of company stock worth $2,952,119 and have sold 226,022 shares worth $56,286,698. About Legal & General Group Plc Legal & General Group Plc is a holding company. The Company, together with its subsidiaries, transacts life assurance and long-term savings business, investment management and general insurance and health business. It operates through six segments: Legal & General Retirement (LGR), Legal & General Investment Management (LGIM), Legal & General Capital (LGC), Legal & General Insurance (LGI), Savings and General Insurance (GI). Receive News & Ratings for Legal & General Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Legal & General Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices American Airlines gave its workers a raise. Wall Street freaked out. Vox.com Matthew Yglesias 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 10 financial statistics that sum up average Americans Take a look inside the chain that's defying the retail apocalypse © Provided by Vox.com Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by our content partner, and do not necessarily represent the views of MSN or Microsoft. Quotes in the article American Airlines Group Inc AAL ▲ 43.87 +1.79 +4.25% Microsoft Corp MSFT ▼ 69.30 -0.11 -0.16% Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 147.51 +0.93 +0.63% Citigroup Inc C ▲ 59.71 +0.25 +0.42% This is why we can’t have nice things. American Airlines agreed this week to do something nice for its employees and arguably foresighted for its business by giving flight attendants and pilots a preemptive raise, in order to close a gap that had opened up between their compensation and the compensation paid by rival airlines Delta and United. Wall Street freaked out, sending American shares plummeting. After all, this is capitalism and the capital owners are supposed to reap the rewards of business success. “This is frustrating. Labor is being paid first again,” wrote Citi analyst Kevin Crissey in a widely circulated note. “Shareholders get leftovers.” Indeed, major financial players were so outraged by American’s decision to pay higher wages that they punished airline stocks across the board. American itself took it hardest on the chin, of course, but the consensus among stock analysts was that higher pay at American could signal higher pay at other airlines too, with negative consequences for the overall industry. But taking a broader view, this blinkered Wall Street perspective on labor compensation is, arguably, exactly what’s gone wrong with the American economy. Any given company obviously benefits when it’s able to get away with paying its workforce less. But one company’s workers are another company’s customers. A world in which labor never gets paid is ultimately one in which nobody has much of anything but leftovers. Wall Street analysts hate the idea of paying workers JP Morgan’s Jamie Baker was even more scathing than Crissey. "We are troubled by AAL's wealth transfer of nearly $1 billion to its labor groups,” he wrote, suggesting that the move was not just contestable as a matter of business strategy, but somehow obviously illegitimate. The argument from American’s managers and unions, by contrast, is that the raises are a question of basic fairness and long-term sustainability. The ups-and-downs of various bankruptcies and mergers had created a situation where American was paying pilots and flight attendants less than its direct competitors Delta and United. Now that American had emerged from bankruptcy and was profitable again, that created an obvious morale problem. What’s more, while the unions had no way to force a raise in 2017, the collective bargaining agreement is set to expire in two years, so ultimately a showdown was inevitable. By that view, the raise represents American making a demonstration of good faith to its workforce to keep people happy and set the table for an eventual negotiation. Baker, however, takes a darker view, saying that not only does the raise increase costs, it “establishes a worrying precedent, in our view, both for American and the industry." Labor’s share of income has been declining Baker is certainly correct that for workers to get a larger slice of the pie would be a dramatic new precedent relative to recent trends. As a report last year from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development shows, in both the United States and other rich countries workers as a whole have been receiving a smaller and smaller share of national income.© Provided by Vox.com Noah Smith of Bloomberg View recently wrote a column summarizing the various main theories professional economists have about why this is happening — monopoly power, global trade, robots, and landlords are the leading contenders for villain. It’s less quantifiable, and thus not-beloved by academic economists, but my personal view is that what amounts to a management fad for treating workers poorly is an underrated factor here. The beating American took in the stock market — and the outraged tone of the analyst letters — is a clear sign of the constant pressure that modern companies are under to be as stingy as possible with their workforce. Combine that pressure with what amounts to a 16-year span of objective labor market weakness and you have a whole cohort of corporate executives who’ve probably never even considered the possible merits of a different approach. And as we’re seeing, those who do are smacked down immediately. A company like Apple that thinks nothing of investing money in environmental or accessibility initiatives would never dream of taking a similarly high-minded attitude toward labor issues, even though it obviously could make Apple Store retail employees as well-paid as any manufacturing worker from the “good old days” if it wanted to. Low pay leads to collective economic weakness One big problem here is that even if obsessive cost-cutting is a good strategy for any given business, it’s a terrible strategy for a national economy. Broad-based income growth creates broad-based business opportunities. The vast majority of Americans earn a living supplying services to other Americans, so when wages don’t rise we struggle to find economic opportunities. As the rich get richer, they still find limits to what they can realistically consume, plowing money instead into financial assets. That creates low interest rates that the government could take advantage of to go deeply into debt and massively expand public sector employment. But politicians, with some good reason, are reluctant to embrace a growth strategy that’s so heavily dependent on debt and centralized control. A far better approach would be something more like a generalization of the American Airlines model. Profitable companies could pay workers more and shareholders less, leading to more spending on the products made by other companies. Those companies would then see their revenue, profits, and wages rise and people might find themselves buying more plane tickets. That’s how functioning market economies used to work, and in the end even executives and shareholders ended up just fine. With the unemployment rate finally down to a reasonably low level after years of painfully slow improvement, there’s a chance we just may get it. But for it to happen, economic elites will have to learn to live with a world where labor really does get paid first. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Vox.com Why this year's El Niño could be one of the strongest on record Vox.com We live in the future AT&T imagined in 1994 Vox.com Watch: a French father and son’s touching conversation about the Paris attacks Vox.com Vox.com View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Introducing the new Surface Laptop New! Surface Arc Mouse is slim and light This 10-in tablet is only $149! + Mobile Office Microsoft Education: Empowering Students Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alteryx Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alteryx Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Euronet Worldwide, Inc. (EEFT) Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $4.28 Per Share Graco Inc. Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $4.10 Per Share (GGG) Flagstar Bancorp Inc (FBC) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Rent-A-Center Inc (RCII) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.06 EPS Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP (BWP) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.06 EPS Brokerages Anticipate Ultratech, Inc. (UTEK) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $57.6 Million Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Stoneridge, Inc. (SRI) to Announce $0.34 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Validus Holdings, Ltd. (VR) to Announce $1.13 EPS Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (CNK) Will Announce Earnings of $0.61 Per Share BTIG Research Increases McDonald's Co. (MCD) Price Target to $156.00 Nielsen N.V. (NLSN) Price Target Cut to $44.00 by Analysts at BMO Capital Markets Escalade, Inc. (ESCA) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Morgan Stanley Increases The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Price Target to $44.00 Strs Ohio Has $15.734 Million Stake in Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc (MTSI) Price Target Raised to $60.00 Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.83 Per Share Strs Ohio Has $15.943 Million Stake in United Rentals, Inc. (URI) Solar Senior Capital (SUNS) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.45 Strs Ohio Lowers Stake in UDR, Inc. (UDR) Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Arotech (ARTX) Share Price Alteryx Inc’s (AYX) Quiet Period Will Expire Tomorrow May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Lockup Expirations Tweet Alteryx’s (NYSE:AYX) quiet period is set to expire on Wednesday, May 3rd. Alteryx had issued 9,000,000 shares in its initial public offering on March 24th. The total size of the offering was $126,000,000 based on an initial share price of $14.00. During Alteryx’s quiet period, insiders and underwriters involved in the IPO are restricted from issuing any research reports or earnings estimates for the company because of regulations issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Following the end of the company’s quiet period, the brokerages that served as underwriters will likely initiate research coverage on the company. A number of equities analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc assumed coverage on shares of Alteryx in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. They set a “buy” rating and a $20.00 target price on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Alteryx in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $18.00 target price on the stock. Cowen and Company assumed coverage on shares of Alteryx in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $21.00 target price on the stock. KeyCorp assumed coverage on shares of Alteryx in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $20.00 target price on the stock. Finally, JMP Securities assumed coverage on shares of Alteryx in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $20.00 target price on the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. Alteryx has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $19.50. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/alteryx-incs-ayx-quiet-period-will-expire-tomorrow.html. Shares of Alteryx (NYSE:AYX) opened at 15.95 on Tuesday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $15.88 and its 200-day moving average is $15.88. Alteryx has a 1-year low of $14.61 and a 1-year high of $17.50. The company’s market capitalization is $521.13 million. In other Alteryx news, major shareholder Iconiq Strategic Partners Ii, bought 675,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $14.00 per share, for a total transaction of $9,450,000.00. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. A hedge fund recently bought a new stake in Alteryx stock. Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS bought a new stake in Alteryx Inc (NYSE:AYX) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm bought 223,953 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,500,000. Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS owned about 0.69% of Alteryx at the end of the most recent quarter. About Alteryx Alteryx, Inc is a United States-based provider of self-service data analytics software. The Company offers various products, such as Alteryx Designer, Alteryx Server and Alteryx Analytics Gallery. Alteryx Designer is a repeatable workflow for self-service data analytics. Alteryx Designer allows data analysts by combining data preparation, data blending, and analytics-predictive, statistical and spatial-using the same user interface. Receive News & Ratings for Alteryx Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alteryx Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Icon Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Icon Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Piper Jaffray Companies Silicon Laboratories (SLAB) PT Raised to $85.00 at DA Davidson Cantor Fitzgerald Boosts Shutterfly, Inc. (SFLY) Price Target to $57.00 Symantec Co. (SYMC) Shares Bought by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC E I Du Pont De Nemours And’s (DD) “Sector Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Insider Selling: bluebird bio Inc (BLUE) Director Sells $173,500.00 in Stock Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Steris PLC (STE) Stake Cut by First Quadrant L P CA Osamu R. Watanabe Sells 4,225 Shares of Moelis & Co (MC) Stock Alexandria Capital LLC Has $1.236 Million Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Buys 18,672 Shares of Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) First Quadrant L P CA Acquires Shares of 34,157 KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Position Increased by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC 1,672 Shares in Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Acquired by Mycio Wealth Partners LLC David L. Hatcher Sells 3,000 Shares of KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Stock NBT Bank N A NY Cuts Position in Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Gap Inc (GPS) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Stake Boosted by Progressive Investment Management Corp Antero Resources Corp (AR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages First Analysis Equities Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Icon Plc (ICLR) May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Icon Plc (NASDAQ:ICLR) – Stock analysts at First Analysis boosted their Q3 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for Icon Plc in a research note issued to investors on Monday. First Analysis analyst T. Van. Fleet now anticipates that the medical research company will post earnings per share of $1.21 for the quarter, up from their prior estimate of $1.18. First Analysis also issued estimates for Icon Plc’s Q4 2017 earnings at $1.34 EPS, FY2017 earnings at $5.15 EPS, Q1 2018 earnings at $1.36 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $5.65 EPS. Several other research analysts also recently weighed in on ICLR. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Icon Plc from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. Evercore ISI upped their target price on shares of Icon Plc from $91.50 to $92.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and issued a $84.00 target price (down from $87.50) on shares of Icon Plc in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Mizuho assumed coverage on shares of Icon Plc in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $66.00 target price for the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. Icon Plc has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $80.80. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “First Analysis Equities Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Icon Plc (ICLR)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/first-analysis-equities-analysts-raise-earnings-estimates-for-icon-plc-iclr.html. Shares of Icon Plc (NASDAQ:ICLR) opened at 85.26 on Tuesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $79.61 and a 200 day moving average of $79.90. The stock has a market cap of $4.65 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.70 and a beta of 0.63. Icon Plc has a one year low of $62.31 and a one year high of $88.90. Icon Plc (NASDAQ:ICLR) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The medical research company reported $1.29 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.27 by $0.02. Icon Plc had a net margin of 15.60% and a return on equity of 29.47%. The company had revenue of $432 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $432.21 million. During the same period last year, the firm posted $1.12 EPS. Icon Plc’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.9% on a year-over-year basis. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Icon Plc by 121.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 134,289 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $10,390,000 after buying an additional 73,761 shares during the period. Peregrine Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Icon Plc during the third quarter worth $36,644,000. Stephens Investment Management Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of Icon Plc by 5.3% in the third quarter. Stephens Investment Management Group LLC now owns 691,048 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $53,466,000 after buying an additional 34,851 shares during the period. Comgest Global Investors S.A.S. acquired a new stake in shares of Icon Plc during the fourth quarter worth $1,544,000. Finally, Baird Financial Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Icon Plc by 3.0% in the fourth quarter. Baird Financial Group Inc. now owns 27,470 shares of the medical research company’s stock worth $2,066,000 after buying an additional 812 shares during the period. 88.14% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Icon Plc ICON public limited company is a contract research organization (CRO), which is engaged in providing outsourced development services to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device industries. The Company is engaged in the strategic development, management and analysis of programs that support the various stages of the clinical development process, from compound selection to Phase I-IV clinical studies. Receive News & Ratings for Icon Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Icon Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fortive Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortive Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Huntsman Co. (HUN) Expected to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $2.31 Per Share Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Increases Stake in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Lindblad Expeditions Holdings Inc. (LIND) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.08 Per Share $90.76 Million in Sales Expected for AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) This Quarter K12 Inc. to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.42 Per Share, First Analysis Forecasts (LRN) Zacks: Analysts Expect Speedway Motorsports, Inc. (TRK) to Announce $0.63 EPS Corning Incorporated (GLW) Position Reduced by Shell Asset Management Co. Instructure Inc (INST) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Hennessy Advisors Inc (HNNA) Posts Earnings Results Lion Biotechnologies Inc (LBIO) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Increases Stake in Corning Incorporated (GLW) Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Raises Position in Aspen Technology, Inc. (AZPN) Shell Asset Management Co. Has $8.41 Million Stake in Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Huntsman Co. (HUN) Shares Sold by Shell Asset Management Co. Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P (CLMT) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Receives “Hold” Rating from Nomura Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Earns Buy Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Webster Financial (WBS) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.28 Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Waste Connections (WCN) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Fortive Corp (FTV) Stock Rating Lowered by Morgan Stanley May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance Tweet Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) was downgraded by equities researchers at Morgan Stanley from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a report released on Tuesday. They currently have a $65.00 price target on the technology company’s stock. Morgan Stanley’s price target suggests a potential upside of 4.27% from the stock’s previous close. The analysts noted that the move was a valuation call. Other analysts also recently issued reports about the company. Barclays PLC set a $66.00 price objective on Fortive Corp and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Sunday. Cowen and Company upped their price objective on Fortive Corp from $46.00 to $52.00 and gave the stock a “market perform” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Fortive Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $68.00 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Royal Bank of Canada assumed coverage on Fortive Corp in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. They set a “sector perform” rating and a $63.00 price objective for the company. Finally, William Blair restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Fortive Corp in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Ten research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Fortive Corp has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $59.14. Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) traded down 1.35% on Tuesday, hitting $61.50. The stock had a trading volume of 177,721 shares. Fortive Corp has a one year low of $43.00 and a one year high of $64.27. The firm has a market cap of $21.27 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.50. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $60.21 and its 200 day moving average price is $55.88. Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The technology company reported $0.60 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.57 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $1.54 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.53 billion. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 4.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.60 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Fortive Corp will post $2.74 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Investors of record on Friday, May 26th will be given a dividend of $0.07 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 24th. This represents a $0.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.45%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/morgan-stanley-downgrades-fortive-corp-ftv-to-equal-weight.html. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in FTV. Quadrant Capital Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of Fortive Corp by 0.4% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 1,991 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 7 shares during the period. Advisor Partners LLC boosted its stake in shares of Fortive Corp by 0.7% in the first quarter. Advisor Partners LLC now owns 7,150 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $431,000 after buying an additional 51 shares during the period. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS boosted its stake in shares of Fortive Corp by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 17,243 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $925,000 after buying an additional 72 shares during the period. Atria Investments LLC boosted its stake in shares of Fortive Corp by 1.6% in the first quarter. Atria Investments LLC now owns 4,509 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $272,000 after buying an additional 73 shares during the period. Finally, Baldwin Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Fortive Corp by 0.9% in the fourth quarter. Baldwin Investment Management LLC now owns 10,416 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $559,000 after buying an additional 95 shares during the period. 77.18% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Fortive Corp Company Profile Fortive Corporation is a diversified industrial growth company. The Company designs, develops, manufactures and markets professional and engineered products, software and services for a range of end markets. The Company operates through two segments: Professional Instrumentation and Industrial Technologies. Receive News & Ratings for Fortive Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortive Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schneider National Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider National Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News China Commercial Credit (CCCR) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Analysis Shows Care Capital Properties (CCP) Earns News Impact Score of 0.38 Calamos Convertible & Hi Income Fund (CHY) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.56 CSI Compressco (CCLP) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of -0.04 Calamos Conv. Opptys. & Income Fund (CHI) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds BlackRock Global Opportunities Equity Tr (BOE) Getting Very Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Cytosorbents Corp (CTSO) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.44 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Piper Jaffray Companies Silicon Laboratories (SLAB) PT Raised to $85.00 at DA Davidson Cantor Fitzgerald Boosts Shutterfly, Inc. (SFLY) Price Target to $57.00 Symantec Co. (SYMC) Shares Bought by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC E I Du Pont De Nemours And’s (DD) “Sector Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Insider Selling: bluebird bio Inc (BLUE) Director Sells $173,500.00 in Stock Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Steris PLC (STE) Stake Cut by First Quadrant L P CA Osamu R. Watanabe Sells 4,225 Shares of Moelis & Co (MC) Stock Alexandria Capital LLC Has $1.236 Million Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Buys 18,672 Shares of Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) Schneider National Inc (SNDR) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Citigroup Inc May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Equities researchers at Citigroup Inc assumed coverage on shares of Schneider National Inc (NASDAQ:SNDR) in a note issued to investors on Tuesday, The Fly reports. The brokerage set a “buy” rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts have also recently commented on SNDR. Stephens started coverage on shares of Schneider National in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. They issued an “equal weight” rating and a $18.00 price target for the company. Robert W. Baird began coverage on shares of Schneider National in a report on Monday. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $22.00 price objective for the company. Credit Suisse Group AG began coverage on shares of Schneider National in a report on Monday. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $24.00 price objective for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Schneider National in a report on Monday. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $22.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Bank of America Corp began coverage on shares of Schneider National in a report on Monday. They issued a “buy” rating and a $23.00 price objective for the company. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $22.17. Shares of Schneider National (NASDAQ:SNDR) opened at 19.09 on Tuesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $198.94 million and a PE ratio of 0.64. Schneider National has a 12-month low of $18.41 and a 12-month high of $20.10. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $18.98 and a 200-day moving average of $18.98. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/schneider-national-inc-sndr-receives-new-coverage-from-analysts-at-citigroup-inc.html. In other news, major shareholder Donald J. Schneider 2000 Trust sold 2,105,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.00, for a total value of $39,995,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 723,190 shares in the company, valued at approximately $13,740,610. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. About Schneider National Schneider National, Inc is a provider of transportation, logistics and related services. The Company’s transportation solutions include one-way, intermodal, dedicated, bulk, transport management, trans loading services, international services and Schneider payment services. Its supply chain management and consulting services include logistics solution design, global supply chain services, enterprise and market entry assistance, and sourcing and compliance. Receive News & Ratings for Schneider National Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider National Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alkermes Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alkermes Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Corning Incorporated (GLW) Position Reduced by Shell Asset Management Co. Instructure Inc (INST) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Hennessy Advisors Inc (HNNA) Posts Earnings Results Lion Biotechnologies Inc (LBIO) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Increases Stake in Corning Incorporated (GLW) Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Raises Position in Aspen Technology, Inc. (AZPN) Shell Asset Management Co. Has $8.41 Million Stake in Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Huntsman Co. (HUN) Shares Sold by Shell Asset Management Co. Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P (CLMT) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Receives “Hold” Rating from Nomura Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Earns Buy Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Webster Financial (WBS) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.28 Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Waste Connections (WCN) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Zalando Se (ZLNDY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Cowen and Company Reaffirms Hold Rating for United Therapeutics Co. (UTHR) Todd P. Kelsey Sells 2,000 Shares of Plexus Corp. (PLXS) Stock John R. Layman Sells 1,800 Shares of Banner Co. (BANR) Stock Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) to Sell First Mercantile Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) Alkermes Plc (ALKS) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Alkermes Plc (NASDAQ:ALKS) has been assigned an average recommendation of “Buy” from the twelve brokerages that are currently covering the company. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and seven have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1-year price target among brokerages that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $64.33. Several equities research analysts have recently commented on the stock. Morgan Stanley restated an “equal weight” rating and issued a $62.00 target price on shares of Alkermes Plc in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $70.00 price target on shares of Alkermes Plc in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Cantor Fitzgerald reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $51.00 price target on shares of Alkermes Plc in a report on Thursday, March 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $78.00 price target on Alkermes Plc and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, TheStreet raised Alkermes Plc from a “d+” rating to a “c” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/alkermes-plc-alks-given-consensus-rating-of-buy-by-brokerages.html. Alkermes Plc (NASDAQ:ALKS) opened at 59.34 on Tuesday. The firm’s market capitalization is $9.06 billion. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $57.82 and a 200 day moving average of $56.04. Alkermes Plc has a one year low of $36.71 and a one year high of $62.50. Alkermes Plc (NASDAQ:ALKS) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The company reported ($0.31) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.24) by $0.07. Alkermes Plc had a negative net margin of 36.92% and a negative return on equity of 12.75%. The firm earned $191.80 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $195.79 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted ($0.16) EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 22.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Alkermes Plc will post ($0.02) EPS for the current year. In other Alkermes Plc news, CAO Kathryn L. Biberstein sold 15,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $57.68, for a total transaction of $865,200.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief accounting officer now directly owns 69,904 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,032,062.72. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Paul J. Mitchell sold 1,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $54.45, for a total value of $81,675.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 9,500 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $517,275. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 110,800 shares of company stock valued at $6,468,781 over the last three months. Company insiders own 4.75% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Massey Quick & Co. LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Alkermes Plc during the fourth quarter valued at $111,000. Hall Laurie J Trustee purchased a new stake in shares of Alkermes Plc during the fourth quarter valued at $154,000. Greenwood Capital Associates LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Alkermes Plc during the fourth quarter valued at $202,000. TLP Group LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Alkermes Plc during the third quarter valued at $187,000. Finally, Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. boosted its stake in shares of Alkermes Plc by 5.9% in the first quarter. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. now owns 4,053 shares of the company’s stock valued at $222,000 after buying an additional 224 shares in the last quarter. 95.52% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Alkermes Plc Company Profile Alkermes plc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in the researching, developing and commercializing pharmaceutical products that are designed to address medical needs of patients in therapeutic areas. The Company has a portfolio of marketed drug products and a clinical pipeline of products that address central nervous system (CNS) disorders, such as schizophrenia, depression, addiction and multiple sclerosis (MS). Receive News & Ratings for Alkermes Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alkermes Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BT Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BT Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Corning Incorporated (GLW) Position Reduced by Shell Asset Management Co. Instructure Inc (INST) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Hennessy Advisors Inc (HNNA) Posts Earnings Results Lion Biotechnologies Inc (LBIO) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Increases Stake in Corning Incorporated (GLW) Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Raises Position in Aspen Technology, Inc. (AZPN) Shell Asset Management Co. Has $8.41 Million Stake in Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Huntsman Co. (HUN) Shares Sold by Shell Asset Management Co. Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P (CLMT) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Receives “Hold” Rating from Nomura Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Earns Buy Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Webster Financial (WBS) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.28 Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Waste Connections (WCN) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Zalando Se (ZLNDY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Cowen and Company Reaffirms Hold Rating for United Therapeutics Co. (UTHR) Todd P. Kelsey Sells 2,000 Shares of Plexus Corp. (PLXS) Stock John R. Layman Sells 1,800 Shares of Banner Co. (BANR) Stock Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) to Sell First Mercantile Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “Sell” Rating for BT Group plc (BT) May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet BT Group plc (NYSE:BT)‘s stock had its “sell” rating reiterated by investment analysts at Deutsche Bank AG in a report released on Friday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. A number of other equities analysts have also recently issued reports on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 330 ($4.26) price objective on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Barclays PLC reissued an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 475 ($6.13) price objective on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Morgan Stanley raised shares of BT Group plc from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of BT Group plc from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reissued an “outperform” rating and set a GBX 465 ($6.00) price objective on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. BT Group plc currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $362.12. BT Group plc (NYSE:BT) opened at 19.84 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $20.11 and its 200 day moving average price is $21.60. BT Group plc has a 12-month low of $19.14 and a 12-month high of $33.50. The company has a market capitalization of $39.45 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.05 and a beta of 1.07. WARNING: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/deutsche-bank-ag-reiterates-sell-rating-for-bt-group-plc-bt-2.html. Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Bollard Group LLC raised its stake in BT Group plc by 2.4% in the third quarter. Bollard Group LLC now owns 45,876 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $1,167,000 after buying an additional 1,093 shares in the last quarter. World Asset Management Inc raised its stake in BT Group plc by 8.0% in the third quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 133,124 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $3,385,000 after buying an additional 9,892 shares during the period. Sei Investments Co. raised its stake in BT Group plc by 31.0% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 5,412 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $137,000 after buying an additional 1,281 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in BT Group plc by 198.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 342,739 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $8,716,000 after buying an additional 227,938 shares during the period. Finally, Stevens Capital Management LP raised its stake in BT Group plc by 54.0% in the third quarter. Stevens Capital Management LP now owns 21,792 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $554,000 after buying an additional 7,642 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 1.10% of the company’s stock. BT Group plc Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for BT Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BT Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Coca-Cola European Partners plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Increases Position in Morgan Stanley (MS) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases 162,238 Shares of Fortive Corp (FTV) Parsec Financial Management Inc. Buys Shares of 12,047 Enbridge Inc (ENB) Ramesh Kumar Acquires 23,810 Shares of Onconova Therapeutics Inc (ONTX) Stock Insider Selling: Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Director Sells $41,914.72 in Stock Insider Selling: Culp, Inc. (CFI) VP Sells $47,040.00 in Stock Hemispherx BioPharma, Inc (HEB) CEO Buys $50,000.16 in Stock Thomas F. Wolfe Sells 1,300 Shares of Camping World Holdings Inc (CWH) Stock MidSouth Bancorp’s (MSL) Hold Rating Reiterated at Stephens Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc. Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Telsey Advisory Group Raises McDonald's Co. (MCD) Price Target to $150.00 3M’s (MMM) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Research Analysts Offer Predictions for CNH Industrial NV’s FY2017 Earnings (CNHI) Euronet Worldwide, Inc. (EEFT) Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $4.28 Per Share Graco Inc. Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $4.10 Per Share (GGG) Flagstar Bancorp Inc (FBC) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Rent-A-Center Inc (RCII) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.06 EPS Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP (BWP) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.06 EPS Brokerages Anticipate Ultratech, Inc. (UTEK) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $57.6 Million Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Stock Rating Lowered by Citigroup Inc May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) was downgraded by research analysts at Citigroup Inc from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note issued on Friday. Several other brokerages have also weighed in on CCE. Argus initiated coverage on Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $44.00 price objective for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Coca-Cola European Partners plc from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 price objective for the company in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Barclays PLC set a $41.00 price objective on Coca-Cola European Partners plc and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, February 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a report on Monday, April 3rd. They issued a “neutral” rating for the company. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and issued a $38.00 price objective on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating, eight have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. Coca-Cola European Partners plc currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $43.50. Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) opened at 38.28 on Friday. Coca-Cola European Partners plc has a 1-year low of $30.55 and a 1-year high of $54.37. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $37.34 and a 200 day moving average price of $35.22. The firm has a market capitalization of $18.50 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.17 and a beta of 1.01. Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, March 21st. The company reported $0.46 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.46. The business earned $2.58 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.54 billion. Coca-Cola European Partners plc had a return on equity of 21.76% and a net margin of 8.49%. The company’s revenue was up 58.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.53 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Coca-Cola European Partners plc will post $2.26 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 24th. Investors of record on Monday, April 10th were given a dividend of $0.2261 per share. This represents a $0.90 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.36%. This is a positive change from Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.19. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, April 6th. Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s payout ratio is presently 31.98%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/coca-cola-european-partners-plc-cce-stock-rating-lowered-by-citigroup-inc.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Boston Advisors LLC raised its position in Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 0.6% in the first quarter. Boston Advisors LLC now owns 16,094 shares of the company’s stock valued at $607,000 after buying an additional 101 shares during the last quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. raised its position in Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 1.6% in the first quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. now owns 9,292 shares of the company’s stock valued at $350,000 after buying an additional 146 shares during the last quarter. First Manhattan Co. raised its position in Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 1.7% in the first quarter. First Manhattan Co. now owns 10,922 shares of the company’s stock valued at $435,000 after buying an additional 187 shares during the last quarter. CENTRAL TRUST Co raised its position in Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 4.6% in the first quarter. CENTRAL TRUST Co now owns 6,845 shares of the company’s stock valued at $258,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Bessemer Group Inc. raised its position in Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 3.0% in the fourth quarter. Bessemer Group Inc. now owns 14,770 shares of the company’s stock valued at $464,000 after buying an additional 425 shares during the last quarter. 31.73% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Coca-Cola European Partners plc Company Profile Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc (CCE) markets, produces and distributes nonalcoholic beverages. The Company serves customers across Belgium, continental France, Great Britain, Luxembourg, Monaco, the Netherlands, Norway and Sweden. The Company’s segments include Europe and Corporate. CCE is The Coca-Cola Company’s strategic bottling partner in Western Europe. Receive News & Ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BlackRock leads first quarter fund sales in Europe: Lipper Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Tue May 2, 2017 | 7:13am EDT BlackRock leads first quarter fund sales in Europe: Lipper FILE PHOTO -- The company logo and trading information for BlackRock is displayed on a screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo LONDON Asset manager BlackRock (BLK.N) led peers in Europe with fund sales of 22.1 billion euros ($24.11 billion) during the first-quarter, data from Thomson Reuters Lipper on Tuesday showed. Amundi (AMUN.PA), with sales of 20.4 billion euros, and JPMorgan (JPM.N), with 12.8 billion euros, rounded out the top three. Total assets under management in the region rose to 10.6 trillion euros from 9.4 trillion in the prior quarter. Bond funds were the best-selling across the region, with 71.3 billion euros of sales, the data showed. (Reporting by Simon Jessop. Editing by Andrew MacAskill) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News U.S. lawmakers grill airline executives after customer disasters WASHINGTON U.S. lawmakers threatened United Airlines and other carriers on Tuesday with legislation aimed at improving customer service after a passenger was hauled down the aisle of a flight last month. Tesla is most painful stock for short sellers in 2017 SAN FRANCISCO Traders short selling Tesla's soaring stock have lost $3.7 billion this year, eclipsing the combined losses of traders shorting Apple , Amazon.com and Netflix . MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Essent Group Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Essent Group Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Weatherford International Plc (WFT) First Midwest Bank Trust Division Acquires 1,146 Shares of Glacier Bancorp, Inc. (GBCI) IFP Advisors Inc Has $482,000 Position in Main Street Capital Co. (MAIN) Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Purchases New Position in Enbridge Inc (ENB) First Midwest Bank Trust Division Boosts Stake in Alexander & Baldwin Inc (ALEX) Taubman Centers, Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q4 2017 Earnings of $1.05 Per Share (TCO) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Boston Scientific Co. Raised by SunTrust Banks (BSX) Brunswick Co. to Post FY2017 Earnings of $4.02 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (BC) Scott Mcfeely Sells 1,000 Shares of Ciena Co. (CIEN) Stock IFP Advisors Inc Buys 221 Shares of Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) IFP Advisors Inc Buys 148 Shares of Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) IFP Advisors Inc Has $512,000 Stake in Westar Energy Inc (WR) IFP Advisors Inc Has $996,000 Position in Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) $0.57 Earnings Per Share Expected for Kroger Co (KR) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Expect Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.30 Per Share $0.11 EPS Expected for Bottomline Technologies (EPAY) This Quarter Piper Jaffray Companies Analysts Give Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN) a $30.00 Price Target athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Earns “Buy” Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Beadell Resources (BDREF) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Rating Reiterated by Benchmark Co. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reiterates Hold Rating for Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Essent Group Ltd (NYSE:ESNT)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reiterated by investment analysts at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday. They currently have a $40.00 price target on the financial services provider’s stock. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods’ price objective would indicate a potential upside of 8.73% from the stock’s current price. Several other equities research analysts have also issued reports on ESNT. Barclays PLC set a $40.00 target price on Essent Group and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Sunday, January 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Essent Group from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $39.00 target price for the company. in a research note on Friday, April 21st. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Essent Group from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, January 9th. BTIG Research restated a “hold” rating on shares of Essent Group in a research note on Sunday, February 12th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG initiated coverage on Essent Group in a research note on Friday, January 20th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $38.00 target price for the company. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $34.38. Shares of Essent Group (NYSE:ESNT) opened at 36.79 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $36.67 and a 200-day moving average of $33.17. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.44 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.27 and a beta of 1.19. Essent Group has a 12-month low of $19.54 and a 12-month high of $39.50. Essent Group (NYSE:ESNT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Friday, February 10th. The financial services provider reported $0.68 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.63 by $0.05. The business earned $126.37 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $121.50 million. Essent Group had a return on equity of 17.85% and a net margin of 48.58%. Essent Group’s quarterly revenue was up 29.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.48 EPS. On average, equities research analysts predict that Essent Group will post $2.94 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reiterates Hold Rating for Essent Group Ltd (ESNT)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/keefe-bruyette-woods-reiterates-hold-rating-for-essent-group-ltd-esnt.html. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Harvest Fund Management Co. Ltd purchased a new position in shares of Essent Group during the fourth quarter worth $114,000. Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Essent Group during the third quarter worth $122,000. James Investment Research Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Essent Group during the first quarter worth $144,000. New York State Teachers Retirement System boosted its position in shares of Essent Group by 1.5% in the fourth quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System now owns 6,600 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $214,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Evanson Asset Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Essent Group during the first quarter worth $215,000. 85.37% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Essent Group Essent Group Ltd. is a private mortgage insurance company. The Company is engaged in offering private mortgage insurance and reinsurance for mortgages secured by residential properties located in the United States. Its products and services include mortgage insurance, contract underwriting, and Bermuda-based insurance and reinsurance. Receive News & Ratings for Essent Group Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Essent Group Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cognex Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cognex Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News IFP Advisors Inc Buys 221 Shares of Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) IFP Advisors Inc Buys 148 Shares of Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) IFP Advisors Inc Has $512,000 Stake in Westar Energy Inc (WR) IFP Advisors Inc Has $996,000 Position in Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) $0.57 Earnings Per Share Expected for Kroger Co (KR) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Expect Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.30 Per Share $0.11 EPS Expected for Bottomline Technologies (EPAY) This Quarter Piper Jaffray Companies Analysts Give Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN) a $30.00 Price Target athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Earns “Buy” Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Beadell Resources (BDREF) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Rating Reiterated by Benchmark Co. Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.06 EPS National Retail Properties, Inc. (NNN) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Ignyta Inc (RXDX) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.27 EPS Blue Capital Reinsurance Holdings Ltd (BCRH) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.06 EPS World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. (WWE) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Synthetic Biologics (SYN) Earns Daily News Impact Score of -0.29 Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires 110,381 Shares of Whirlpool Co. (WHR) Synthetic Biologics (SYN) Earning Negative Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Corinthian Colleges (COCO) Receiving Critical Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Cognex Co. (CGNX) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Cognex Co. (NASDAQ:CGNX) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report released on Wednesday morning. According to Zacks, “Cognex Corp. designs, develops, manufactures, and markets machine vision systems that are used to automate a wide range of manufacturing processes where vision is required. Cognex machine vision systems consist of two primary elements: a computer, which serves as a machine vision engine, and software that processes and analyzes images. When connected to a video camera, the machine vision system captures images and extracts information, which determines appropriate action for other equipment in the manufacturing process. “ A number of other equities analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Needham & Company LLC restated a hold rating on shares of Cognex in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Cognex in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. They set a neutral rating and a $66.00 target price for the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc initiated coverage on shares of Cognex in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. They set a buy rating for the company. TheStreet upgraded shares of Cognex from a c+ rating to a b rating in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, Summit Redstone reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Cognex in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $59.61. Shares of Cognex (NASDAQ:CGNX) opened at 85.63 on Wednesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $82.32 and its 200 day moving average is $68.71. Cognex has a 52-week low of $38.40 and a 52-week high of $86.88. The stock has a market cap of $7.37 billion, a PE ratio of 49.87 and a beta of 1.33. Cognex (NASDAQ:CGNX) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The scientific and technical instruments company reported $0.43 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.30 by $0.13. Cognex had a net margin of 26.59% and a return on equity of 13.67%. The firm earned $129.32 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $116.93 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.22 earnings per share. Cognex’s revenue for the quarter was up 32.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that Cognex will post $1.99 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Cognex Co. (CGNX) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/cognex-co-cgnx-rating-lowered-to-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 16th. Investors of record on Friday, June 2nd will be paid a dividend of $0.085 per share. This is an increase from Cognex’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.08. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 31st. This represents a $0.34 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.40%. Cognex’s dividend payout ratio is presently 20.13%. In related news, Director Patrick Alias sold 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $77.85, for a total transaction of $389,250.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 5,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $389,250. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CEO Robert Willett sold 50,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $77.75, for a total transaction of $3,887,500.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 50,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,887,500. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 105,000 shares of company stock worth $8,311,250. 6.40% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in CGNX. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in shares of Cognex by 1.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 2,478,391 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $131,008,000 after buying an additional 34,602 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Group LTD increased its stake in shares of Cognex by 6.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 59,865 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $3,164,000 after buying an additional 3,685 shares in the last quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Cognex by 5.7% in the third quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 5,435 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $287,000 after buying an additional 292 shares in the last quarter. Rhumbline Advisers increased its stake in shares of Cognex by 4.3% in the third quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 162,224 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $8,575,000 after buying an additional 6,643 shares in the last quarter. Finally, TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Cognex by 63.4% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 479,404 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $25,341,000 after buying an additional 185,968 shares in the last quarter. 90.00% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Cognex Company Profile Cognex Corporation (Cognex) is a provider of machine vision products that capture and analyze visual information in order to automate tasks, primarily in manufacturing processes, where vision is required. The Company operates through the machine vision technology segment. The Company’s machine vision products are used to automate the manufacture and tracking of discrete items, such as mobile phones, aspirin bottles and automobile tires, by locating, identifying, inspecting and measuring them during the manufacturing or distribution process. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Cognex (CGNX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Cognex Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cognex Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nokia Oyj - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nokia Oyj with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Todd P. Kelsey Sells 2,000 Shares of Plexus Corp. (PLXS) Stock John R. Layman Sells 1,800 Shares of Banner Co. (BANR) Stock Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) to Sell First Mercantile Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) Hyster-Yale Materials Handling Inc (HY) Upgraded to Outperform at Robert W. Baird Delta Asset Management LLC TN Raises Stake in Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Fortune Brands Home & Security Inc (FBHS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC First Mercantile Trust Co. Continues to Hold Stake in Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) First Mercantile Trust Co. Increases Stake in Shake Shack Inc (SHAK) Northwest Bancshares, Inc. (NWBI) Stake Reduced by First Mercantile Trust Co. First Mercantile Trust Co. Reduces Stake in American Tower Corp (AMT) Facebook Inc (FB) Rating Reiterated by Cantor Fitzgerald First Mercantile Trust Co. Buys 9,758 Shares of Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) Wolfe Research Upgrades Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) to Market Perform $165.67 Million in Sales Expected for Tallgrass Energy GP LP (TEGP) This Quarter -$0.16 EPS Expected for On Deck Capital Inc (ONDK) This Quarter Brightcove Inc (BCOV) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Broadway Financial Corp (BYFC) Announces Earnings Results China Commercial Credit (CCCR) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Analysis Shows Care Capital Properties (CCP) Earns News Impact Score of 0.38 Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Given a €6.10 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Nokia Oyj (HEL:NOKIA) has been given a €6.10 ($6.63) price target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc in a report issued on Friday. The firm presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. A number of other analysts have also recently commented on NOKIA. Deutsche Bank AG set a €4.80 ($5.22) price target on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, January 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €5.50 ($5.98) price target on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €5.70 ($6.20) price target on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. Morgan Stanley set a €5.00 ($5.43) price target on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, S&P Global set a €5.00 ($5.43) price target on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company. Nokia Oyj has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of €5.73 ($6.23). COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/nokia-oyj-nokia-given-a-6-10-price-target-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc-analysts.html. About Nokia Oyj Nokia Corporation is a global provider of network infrastructure and related services, with a focus on mobile broadband, as well as advanced technology development and licensing. The Company’s businesses include Nokia Networks and Nokia Technologies. The Company’s segments include Mobile Broadband, Global Services, Nokia Networks Other and Nokia Technologies. Receive News & Ratings for Nokia Oyj Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nokia Oyj and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aberdeen Asset Management plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aberdeen Asset Management plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Piper Jaffray Companies Silicon Laboratories (SLAB) PT Raised to $85.00 at DA Davidson Cantor Fitzgerald Boosts Shutterfly, Inc. (SFLY) Price Target to $57.00 Symantec Co. (SYMC) Shares Bought by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC E I Du Pont De Nemours And’s (DD) “Sector Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Insider Selling: bluebird bio Inc (BLUE) Director Sells $173,500.00 in Stock Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Steris PLC (STE) Stake Cut by First Quadrant L P CA Osamu R. Watanabe Sells 4,225 Shares of Moelis & Co (MC) Stock Alexandria Capital LLC Has $1.236 Million Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Buys 18,672 Shares of Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) First Quadrant L P CA Acquires Shares of 34,157 KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Position Increased by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC 1,672 Shares in Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Acquired by Mycio Wealth Partners LLC David L. Hatcher Sells 3,000 Shares of KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Stock NBT Bank N A NY Cuts Position in Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Gap Inc (GPS) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Stake Boosted by Progressive Investment Management Corp Antero Resources Corp (AR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Aberdeen Asset Management plc’s (ADN) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Aberdeen Asset Management plc (LON:ADN)‘s stock had its “sell” rating reiterated by research analysts at Shore Capital in a research note issued on Tuesday. A number of other analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. BNP Paribas reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 280 ($3.62) target price on shares of Aberdeen Asset Management plc in a research report on Monday, March 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their target price on shares of Aberdeen Asset Management plc from GBX 320 ($4.13) to GBX 270 ($3.49) and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Royal Bank of Canada raised shares of Aberdeen Asset Management plc to an “outperform” rating and set a GBX 300 ($3.87) target price on the stock in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Liberum Capital raised shares of Aberdeen Asset Management plc to a “buy” rating and increased their price objective for the company from GBX 261 ($3.37) to GBX 332 ($4.29) in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc began coverage on shares of Aberdeen Asset Management plc in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. They set a “hold” rating and a GBX 260 ($3.36) price objective on the stock. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. Aberdeen Asset Management plc currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 279.87 ($3.61). Aberdeen Asset Management plc (LON:ADN) opened at 289.80 on Tuesday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 3.72 billion. Aberdeen Asset Management plc has a 1-year low of GBX 212.50 and a 1-year high of GBX 354.40. The firm has a 50 day moving average of GBX 273.22 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 278.56. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Aberdeen Asset Management plc’s (ADN) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/aberdeen-asset-management-plcs-adn-sell-rating-reaffirmed-at-shore-capital.html. Aberdeen Asset Management plc Company Profile Aberdeen Asset Management PLC is a United Kingdom-based asset manager. The Company operates through asset management for reporting and control purposes. The Company is managed as a single asset management business, with multiple investment strategies of equities, fixed income and property, complemented by a solutions business, which provides multi asset, alternatives and quantitative investment capabilities. Receive News & Ratings for Aberdeen Asset Management plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aberdeen Asset Management plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Iwg Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Iwg Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Air Lease Corp (AL) Stock Price Alliqua Biomedical (ALQA) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Allstate Corp (ALL) Given Media Impact Score of 0.46 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Amber Road (AMBR) Stock Price Altra Industrial Motion Corp (AIMC) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Itron, Inc. (ITRI) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Price Target Raised to $100.00 KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) Cut to Hold at Vertical Research Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Intel Corp (INQ) Given a $39.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Weatherford International Plc (WFT) First Midwest Bank Trust Division Acquires 1,146 Shares of Glacier Bancorp, Inc. (GBCI) IFP Advisors Inc Has $482,000 Position in Main Street Capital Co. (MAIN) Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Purchases New Position in Enbridge Inc (ENB) First Midwest Bank Trust Division Boosts Stake in Alexander & Baldwin Inc (ALEX) Taubman Centers, Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q4 2017 Earnings of $1.05 Per Share (TCO) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Boston Scientific Co. Raised by SunTrust Banks (BSX) Brunswick Co. to Post FY2017 Earnings of $4.02 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (BC) Iwg Plc (IWG) Price Target Raised to GBX 420 May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Iwg Plc (LON:IWG) had its price target lifted by equities research analysts at Peel Hunt from GBX 360 ($4.65) to GBX 420 ($5.42) in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Peel Hunt’s price target would indicate a potential upside of 29.29% from the company’s current price. A number of other equities research analysts also recently commented on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Iwg Plc to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price objective for the company from GBX 280 ($3.62) to GBX 350 ($4.52) in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a “sell” rating on shares of Iwg Plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Iwg Plc (LON:IWG) opened at 324.20 on Tuesday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 2.99 billion. Iwg Plc has a 52 week low of GBX 223.50 and a 52 week high of GBX 329.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 311.86 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 265.38. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 27th will be given a GBX 3.55 ($0.05) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 1.2%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 27th. WARNING: “Iwg Plc (IWG) Price Target Raised to GBX 420” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/iwg-plc-iwg-price-target-raised-to-gbx-420.html. About Iwg Plc IWG Plc is a Jersey-based workspace company. The Company operates under the Regus, Regus Express, Spaces, Signature, Kora and Open Office brands and provides a global network of places to work for all kinds of businesses from home-based workers to corporations. The Company focuses on both single location and integrated national networks and also provides sales and management services. Receive News & Ratings for Iwg Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Iwg Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Weatherford International Plc (WFT) First Midwest Bank Trust Division Acquires 1,146 Shares of Glacier Bancorp, Inc. (GBCI) IFP Advisors Inc Has $482,000 Position in Main Street Capital Co. (MAIN) Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Purchases New Position in Enbridge Inc (ENB) First Midwest Bank Trust Division Boosts Stake in Alexander & Baldwin Inc (ALEX) Taubman Centers, Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q4 2017 Earnings of $1.05 Per Share (TCO) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Boston Scientific Co. Raised by SunTrust Banks (BSX) Brunswick Co. to Post FY2017 Earnings of $4.02 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (BC) Scott Mcfeely Sells 1,000 Shares of Ciena Co. (CIEN) Stock IFP Advisors Inc Buys 221 Shares of Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) IFP Advisors Inc Buys 148 Shares of Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) IFP Advisors Inc Has $512,000 Stake in Westar Energy Inc (WR) IFP Advisors Inc Has $996,000 Position in Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) $0.57 Earnings Per Share Expected for Kroger Co (KR) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Expect Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.30 Per Share $0.11 EPS Expected for Bottomline Technologies (EPAY) This Quarter Piper Jaffray Companies Analysts Give Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN) a $30.00 Price Target athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Earns “Buy” Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Beadell Resources (BDREF) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Rating Reiterated by Benchmark Co. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “PENNSYLVANIA R.E. INVEST. TR. is a real estate investment trust, engaged in acquiring and holding for investment interests in real estate. “ Several other research firms have also recently weighed in on PEI. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered their price objective on Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from $20.00 to $18.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Barclays PLC reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. cut Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $20.00 price objective on the stock. in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, TheStreet cut Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “c-” rating to a “d+” rating in a research report on Friday, March 24th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and four have given a hold rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $18.80. Shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) opened at 14.13 on Tuesday. The company’s market capitalization is $985.53 million. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. has a one year low of $13.54 and a one year high of $25.67. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $14.71 and its 200 day moving average price is $17.62. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.35 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.37 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $89.26 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $97.98 million. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. had a negative return on equity of 3.62% and a negative net margin of 6.65%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 12.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.43 EPS. Analysts anticipate that Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. will post ($0.14) earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be issued a dividend of $0.21 per share. This represents a $0.84 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 5.94%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 30th. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently -133.33%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/pennsylvania-r-e-i-t-pei-raised-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. US Bancorp DE raised its stake in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 364.1% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 4,854 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 3,808 shares during the period. Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. raised its stake in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 56.0% in the fourth quarter. Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. now owns 8,358 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $159,000 after buying an additional 3,000 shares during the period. Independent Order of Foresters raised its stake in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 108.7% in the fourth quarter. Independent Order of Foresters now owns 9,291 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $176,000 after buying an additional 4,840 shares during the period. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc bought a new stake in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. during the third quarter valued at about $200,000. Finally, Princeton Alpha Management LP bought a new stake in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. during the third quarter valued at about $262,000. 93.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Company Profile Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT) is a self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s primary business is owning and operating retail shopping malls, which it does primarily through operating partnership, PREIT Associates, L.P. (PREIT Associates). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Baidu Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Baidu Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News John A. Clees Sells 2,000 Shares of Heritage Financial Corp (HFWA) Stock Wendy F. Dicicco Sells 2,500 Shares of II-VI, Inc. (IIVI) Stock Delbrook Capital Advisors Inc. Buys 499,000 Shares of Rapier Gold Inc (RPR) Stock Stifel Nicolaus Downgrades Expedia Inc (EXPE) to Hold Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) Given Outperform Rating at Evercore ISI Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) PT Raised to $62.00 Benefitfocus Inc (BNFT) PT Raised to $36.00 at Chardan Capital FY2017 EPS Estimates for Lancaster Colony Corp. (LANC) Lowered by Analyst Huntsman Co. (HUN) Expected to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $2.31 Per Share Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Increases Stake in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Lindblad Expeditions Holdings Inc. (LIND) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.08 Per Share $90.76 Million in Sales Expected for AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) This Quarter K12 Inc. to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.42 Per Share, First Analysis Forecasts (LRN) Zacks: Analysts Expect Speedway Motorsports, Inc. (TRK) to Announce $0.63 EPS Corning Incorporated (GLW) Position Reduced by Shell Asset Management Co. Instructure Inc (INST) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Hennessy Advisors Inc (HNNA) Posts Earnings Results Lion Biotechnologies Inc (LBIO) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Increases Stake in Corning Incorporated (GLW) Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Raises Position in Aspen Technology, Inc. (AZPN) Baidu Inc (BIDU) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group AG May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Baidu Inc (NASDAQ:BIDU)‘s stock had its “hold” rating restated by stock analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG in a research report issued on Friday. They presently have a $180.00 target price on the information services provider’s stock. Credit Suisse Group AG’s price target would indicate a potential downside of 0.03% from the stock’s previous close. Other equities research analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. Jefferies Group LLC set a $188.00 price target on shares of Baidu and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, April 1st. Vetr upgraded shares of Baidu from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $200.52 target price on the stock in a research note on Monday, January 16th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Baidu from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $194.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Benchmark Co. initiated coverage on shares of Baidu in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $190.00 target price on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $190.00 target price on shares of Baidu in a research note on Friday. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $187.87. Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU) opened at 180.06 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $62.46 billion, a PE ratio of 39.89 and a beta of 1.90. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $175.06 and a 200 day moving average of $173.22. Baidu has a 52 week low of $155.28 and a 52 week high of $201.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/baidu-inc-bidu-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. IFP Advisors Inc boosted its stake in shares of Baidu by 0.6% in the first quarter. IFP Advisors Inc now owns 1,596 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $275,000 after buying an additional 9 shares during the period. Wesbanco Bank Inc. boosted its stake in Baidu by 0.8% in the fourth quarter. Wesbanco Bank Inc. now owns 1,245 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $205,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the last quarter. Boston Private Wealth LLC boosted its stake in Baidu by 0.6% in the third quarter. Boston Private Wealth LLC now owns 1,820 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $331,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the last quarter. Hollencrest Securities LLC boosted its stake in Baidu by 2.1% in the first quarter. Hollencrest Securities LLC now owns 1,687 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $291,000 after buying an additional 35 shares during the last quarter. Finally, American International Group Inc. boosted its stake in Baidu by 0.3% in the third quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 15,776 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $2,872,000 after buying an additional 47 shares during the last quarter. 62.63% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Baidu Company Profile Baidu, Inc is a Chinese language Internet search provider. The Company offers a Chinese language search platform on its Baidu.com Website that enables users to find information online, including Webpages, news, images, documents and multimedia files, through links provided on its Website. In addition to serving individual Internet search users, the Company provides a platform for businesses to reach customers. Receive News & Ratings for Baidu Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Baidu Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections News Buy Photos Obituaries Archives Vietnam Revisited Most Wanted Meet the Police Above and Beyond Submit News Tips Cops and Courts Past 7 days Stocks and Finance Blogs Lost Photos Mommy Mentions Building Bookshelves Sports Penn State Golf Nascar Outdoors Past 7 days Opinion Thunder/Enlightning Past 7 Days People Games Lottery TV Listings Gas Prices Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Data Center School Databases Driving Pledge Schuylkill Living Magazine Latest Issue of SLM Advertise in SLM Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Customer Service Contact Us Submit News Tips Manage my subscription Birthday Form Become a Carrier NIE e-Edition Community Calendar Submit an Event View Calendar Events Subscribe UNLIMITED ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Pottsville Republican Herald Unlimited Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Republican Herald on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at republicanherald.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the e-Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your unlimited access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Opinion • People • Obituaries • Photos • e-Edition • Classifieds • Marketplace Deeds, May 2, 2017 POLL Are you worried about West Nile virus? Yes No Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. Enter to Win $30 in 5 Star Crossword PA Lottery Tickets! Enter for your chance to win a $25 gift card to Sisters Mexican American Restaurant & Cantina Want to win $250 to go towards your wedding? Click to find out how! Staff reports / Published: May 2, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Deeds Mahanoy City — Frank J. and Theresa A. Andruscavage to Frank Andruscavage; 405 W. Spruce St.; $1. North Manheim Township — JPMorgan Chase Bank NA to Secretary of Housing and Urban Development; 56 N. Greenview Road; $1. Orwigsburg — Dennis L. and Deborah A. Meck to Mark and Janelyn Badgley; 101 Wood View Drive, Ridgeview; $394,500. Pottsville — Matthew and Danelle Majro to Benjamin J. O’Brien and Kimberly M. Barone; 1506 Mount Hope Ave.; $125,000. Vincent Jr. and Debra L. Terraciano to Fabiola Wallace; 1113 Mahantongo St.; $30,000. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 111 Mahantongo Street Pottsville, PA 17901 1-570-622-3456 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 Pottsville Republican, Inc. PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS PEOPLE OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND POTTSVILLE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Javier Mendoza Promoted to Branch Manager for Inlanta Mortgage, Inc. Pewaukee, WI (PRWEB) May 02, 2017 Inlanta Mortgage Senior Vice President Chad Gomoll said, “Javier has shown tremendous dedication to helping the Hispanic community achieve their dream of homeownership. As branch manager, he will be able to help expand the Carpentersville branch’s impact on the Hispanic market, and he is looking forward to finding young bilingual loan officers to train and mentor.” Javier Mendoza has more than 14 years of mortgage industry experience. He started his loan officer career with JP Morgan Chase. During his time in the industry, Mendoza has worked for Universal Mortgage Services, LLC; Wintrust Mortgage; and Stearns Lending. In January 2015, Mendoza joined Inlanta Mortgage as a Senior Loan Officer. Mendoza said, “I am passionate about helping immigrants like myself realize the American Dream. Since 2002, I have been focused on helping the Hispanic Community become more educated on the mortgage process. Inlanta’s Senior Leadership has demonstrated that they are 100% committed in building bilingual Inlanta branches that are designed to serve minority markets. In my new role at Inlanta, I will now be able to help recruit and mentor new loan officers so that, together, we can continue to serve the Hispanic market, which is the fastest growing segment of the U.S. population.” Mendoza is a member of NAMMBA (National Association of Minority Mortgage Bankers of America). NAMMBA is a purpose-driven organization that is dedicated to educating, developing and mentoring professionals who represent the minority and women segments within the industry. NAMMBA is developing programs and initiatives to introduce minorities and women into the mortgage industry by partnering with local colleges and universities. Inlanta Mortgage is an Ambassador Sponsor of NAMMBA. Inlanta Mortgage is looking for branch managers and loan officers who want to grow their business. To learn more about opportunities for growth with Inlanta, contact David Williams (davidwilliams(at)inlanta(dot)com, 303-947-1960) to learn more about branch manager and loan officer opportunities in Texas & Colorado; Brian Jensen (brianjensen(at)inlanta(dot)com, 630-927-0380) for the Midwest market; and Kevin Laffey (kevinlaffey(at)inlanta(dot)com, 913-645-4647) for the Kansas, Missouri, and Iowa markets. To learn about opportunities in other locations, visit http://www.inlantapartners.com, call 262-439-4260, or email partners(at)inlanta(dot)com. About Inlanta Mortgage Headquartered in Pewaukee, WI, Inlanta Mortgage was established in 1993. The company has grown to 39 branches in 16 states and over 250 employees. Inlanta Mortgage offers Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac agency products, as well as jumbo and portfolio programs. The company is an agency-approved lender for Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae, FHA/VA, FHA 203K and USDA. Inlanta Mortgage also offers numerous state bond agency programs. Inlanta Mortgage is the second largest mortgage financing provider in greater Milwaukee as ranked by the Milwaukee Business Journal, as well as the second largest provider of FHA purchase loans and the number one WHEDA lender in Wisconsin. Inlanta Mortgage was named a Milwaukee Journal Sentinel Top Workplace for the third consecutive year in 2016. Inlanta has been consistently recognized as one of the “50 Best Mortgage Companies to Work For” by Mortgage Executive Magazine and one of the country’s “Top Mortgage Employers” by National Mortgage Professional. Inlanta Mortgage, Inc. NMLS#1016. Javier Mendoza, NMLS#283488. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017-2022 Handheld Barcode Scanner Sales Global Market Analysis, Trends, Growth, Research And Forecast | Orbis Research Next PostNext Black Tea Extracts Market Recent Industry Trends and Projected Industry Growth, 2017 – 2027 Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Javier Mendoza Promoted to Branch Manager for Inlanta Mortgage, Inc. Pewaukee, WI (PRWEB) May 02, 2017 Inlanta Mortgage Senior Vice President Chad Gomoll said, “Javier has shown tremendous dedication to helping the Hispanic community achieve their dream of homeownership. As branch manager, he will be able to help expand the Carpentersville branch’s impact on the Hispanic market, and he is looking forward to finding young bilingual loan officers to train and mentor.” Javier Mendoza has more than 14 years of mortgage industry experience. He started his loan officer career with JP Morgan Chase. During his time in the industry, Mendoza has worked for Universal Mortgage Services, LLC; Wintrust Mortgage; and Stearns Lending. In January 2015, Mendoza joined Inlanta Mortgage as a Senior Loan Officer. Mendoza said, “I am passionate about helping immigrants like myself realize the American Dream. Since 2002, I have been focused on helping the Hispanic Community become more educated on the mortgage process. Inlanta’s Senior Leadership has demonstrated that they are 100% committed in building bilingual Inlanta branches that are designed to serve minority markets. In my new role at Inlanta, I will now be able to help recruit and mentor new loan officers so that, together, we can continue to serve the Hispanic market, which is the fastest growing segment of the U.S. population.” Mendoza is a member of NAMMBA (National Association of Minority Mortgage Bankers of America). NAMMBA is a purpose-driven organization that is dedicated to educating, developing and mentoring professionals who represent the minority and women segments within the industry. NAMMBA is developing programs and initiatives to introduce minorities and women into the mortgage industry by partnering with local colleges and universities. Inlanta Mortgage is an Ambassador Sponsor of NAMMBA. Inlanta Mortgage is looking for branch managers and loan officers who want to grow their business. To learn more about opportunities for growth with Inlanta, contact David Williams (davidwilliams(at)inlanta(dot)com, 303-947-1960) to learn more about branch manager and loan officer opportunities in Texas & Colorado; Brian Jensen (brianjensen(at)inlanta(dot)com, 630-927-0380) for the Midwest market; and Kevin Laffey (kevinlaffey(at)inlanta(dot)com, 913-645-4647) for the Kansas, Missouri, and Iowa markets. To learn about opportunities in other locations, visit http://www.inlantapartners.com, call 262-439-4260, or email partners(at)inlanta(dot)com. About Inlanta Mortgage Headquartered in Pewaukee, WI, Inlanta Mortgage was established in 1993. The company has grown to 39 branches in 16 states and over 250 employees. Inlanta Mortgage offers Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac agency products, as well as jumbo and portfolio programs. The company is an agency-approved lender for Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae, FHA/VA, FHA 203K and USDA. Inlanta Mortgage also offers numerous state bond agency programs. Inlanta Mortgage is the second largest mortgage financing provider in greater Milwaukee as ranked by the Milwaukee Business Journal, as well as the second largest provider of FHA purchase loans and the number one WHEDA lender in Wisconsin. Inlanta Mortgage was named a Milwaukee Journal Sentinel Top Workplace for the third consecutive year in 2016. Inlanta has been consistently recognized as one of the “50 Best Mortgage Companies to Work For” by Mortgage Executive Magazine and one of the country’s “Top Mortgage Employers” by National Mortgage Professional. Inlanta Mortgage, Inc. NMLS#1016. Javier Mendoza, NMLS#283488. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017-2022 Handheld Barcode Scanner Sales Global Market Analysis, Trends, Growth, Research And Forecast | Orbis Research Next PostNext Black Tea Extracts Market Recent Industry Trends and Projected Industry Growth, 2017 – 2027 Search Recent Posts China Lignosulphonate Market Outlook 2022: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details for Business Development Further to the Announcement on 24 April 2017 Q1 2017 Trading Update Top 5 Polyoxytetramethylene (PTMG) Manufacturers Revenue, Growth rate and Value Chain 2017-2022 First Quarter Trading Update 2017 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance The Medicines Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Medicines Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News John H. Wright Buys 10,000 Shares of Sprott Resource Lending Corp. (SIL) Stock Robbert-Jan Brabander Acquires 3,000 Shares of Versabank (VB) Stock Financial Corporation Limi E-L Acquires 200 Shares of United Co.s Limited (UNC) Stock Condor Resources Inc. (CN) Insider Sells C$12,000.00 in Stock Six Flags Entertainment Corp to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (SIX) Boston Beer Company Inc to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $1.30 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts (SAM) AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Loxo Oncology Inc (LOXO) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Green Bancorp Inc (GNBC) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages iAB Financial Bank Continues to Hold Position in CME Group Inc (CME) Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Acquires New Position in Packaging Corp Of America (PKG) Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Stake Reduced by Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Needham & Company LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for Spectranetics Corp (SPNC) Entegris Inc (ENTG) Rating Lowered to Hold at Craig Hallum Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Takes Position in Kohl's Co. (KSS) Greenwich Wealth Management LLC Has $3.676 Million Position in Western Digital Corp (WDC) 1,067 Shares in Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Acquired by Scott & Selber Inc. Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Takes Position in Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) Anadarko Petroleum Co. (APC) Shares Sold by Leavell Investment Management Inc. Jefferies Group Weighs in on The Medicines Company’s Q2 2017 Earnings (MDCO) May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet The Medicines Company (NASDAQ:MDCO) – Stock analysts at Jefferies Group lowered their Q2 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for shares of The Medicines Company in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. Jefferies Group analyst B. Amin now anticipates that the company will earn ($1.40) per share for the quarter, down from their prior estimate of ($1.07). Jefferies Group currently has a “Buy” rating and a $62.00 target price on the stock. Jefferies Group also issued estimates for The Medicines Company’s Q3 2017 earnings at ($1.66) EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at ($1.36) EPS, FY2017 earnings at ($5.51) EPS, FY2018 earnings at ($3.71) EPS, FY2019 earnings at ($2.00) EPS, FY2020 earnings at ($3.79) EPS and FY2021 earnings at ($4.66) EPS. A number of other equities analysts have also commented on MDCO. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of The Medicines Company in a research report on Saturday, March 18th. Cowen and Company raised their price objective on shares of The Medicines Company from $39.00 to $61.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Chardan Capital restated a “buy” rating and issued a $65.00 price objective on shares of The Medicines Company in a research report on Sunday, January 8th. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating on shares of The Medicines Company in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, HC Wainwright restated a “buy” rating and issued a $60.00 price objective (up from $57.00) on shares of The Medicines Company in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $55.50. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/jefferies-group-weighs-in-on-the-medicines-companys-q2-2017-earnings-mdco.html. Shares of The Medicines Company (NASDAQ:MDCO) opened at 49.44 on Monday. The Medicines Company has a 52-week low of $30.80 and a 52-week high of $55.95. The firm’s market capitalization is $3.49 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $51.15 and its 200 day moving average is $42.35. The Medicines Company (NASDAQ:MDCO) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported ($1.44) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($1.13) by $0.31. The Medicines Company had a negative return on equity of 35.07% and a negative net margin of 96.44%. The firm had revenue of $24.20 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $37.76 million. During the same quarter last year, the company earned ($1.03) earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 51.9% compared to the same quarter last year. In other The Medicines Company news, CFO William Bernard O’connor sold 25,833 shares of The Medicines Company stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $46.20, for a total transaction of $1,193,484.60. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 30,935 shares in the company, valued at $1,429,197. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Insiders own 7.90% of the company’s stock. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in MDCO. LS Investment Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of The Medicines Company by 1.8% in the third quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 2,942 shares of the company’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 51 shares during the last quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan raised its stake in shares of The Medicines Company by 1.6% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 15,440 shares of the company’s stock worth $583,000 after buying an additional 250 shares during the last quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue raised its stake in shares of The Medicines Company by 5.0% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 7,910 shares of the company’s stock worth $386,000 after buying an additional 380 shares during the last quarter. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of The Medicines Company by 6.5% in the first quarter. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC now owns 9,480 shares of the company’s stock worth $464,000 after buying an additional 580 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Inc. raised its stake in shares of The Medicines Company by 11.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 8,195 shares of the company’s stock worth $309,000 after buying an additional 847 shares during the last quarter. About The Medicines Company The Medicines Company is a global biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on advancing the treatment of acute and intensive care patients through the delivery of medicines to the hospital marketplace around the world. It markets Angiomax (bivalirudin), Ionsys (fentanyl iontophoretic transdermal system), Minocin (minocycline) for injection and Orbactiv (oritavancin). Receive News & Ratings for The Medicines Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Medicines Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
More share buttons Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Venezuela Found Half Million Dollars To Donate to Trump Inauguration Despite Economic Crisis and is located at http://www.caribbean360.com/news/venezuela-found-half-million-dollars-donate-trump-inauguration-despite-economic-crisis. Captcha Submit Share on Pinterest Watch News Anguilla Antigua Aruba Bahamas Barbados Belize Bermuda British Virgin Islands Cayman Islands Cuba Curacao Dominica Dominican Republic Grenada Guadeloupe Guyana Haiti Jamaica Martinique Montserrat Puerto Rico St Kitts Nevis St Lucia St Martin St Vincent Trinidad and Tobago Turks and Caicos US Virgin Islands Venezuela Business Opinion Travel Entertainment Lifestyle Weather Tropical Weather Maps Zika Virus Watch News Anguilla Antigua Aruba Bahamas Barbados Belize Bermuda British Virgin Islands Cayman Islands Cuba Curacao Dominica Dominican Republic Grenada Guadeloupe Guyana Haiti Jamaica Martinique Montserrat Puerto Rico St Kitts Nevis St Lucia St Martin St Vincent Trinidad and Tobago Turks and Caicos US Virgin Islands Venezuela Business Opinion Travel Entertainment Lifestyle Weather Tropical Weather Maps Zika Virus Search for: Venezuela Found Half Million Dollars To Donate to Trump Inauguration Despite Economic Crisis Caribbean360May 2, 2017 More share buttons Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Venezuela Found Half Million Dollars To Donate to Trump Inauguration Despite Economic Crisis and is located at http://www.caribbean360.com/news/venezuela-found-half-million-dollars-donate-trump-inauguration-despite-economic-crisis. Captcha Submit Share on Pinterest Venezuelan state-owned oil company PDVSA made the donation through its US affiliate, Citgo Petrol.   WASHINGTON DC, USA, Tuesday May 2, 2017 – The Venezuelan government may not have enough money to ensure sufficient food, medicine and other necessities for its people, but it found the cash to donate US$500,000 to US President Donald Trump’s inauguration fund. While foreign donations are banned under US law, recently released records show that Venezuelan state-owned oil company PDVSA made the donation through its US affiliate, Citgo Petrol, soon after offering a nearly 50 percent stake in Citgo to Russian oil giant Rosneft as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan. Citgo Petrol was one of the biggest corporate donors to the swearing-in ceremony, ranking with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon. The transactions came at a time when PDVSA and the Nicolas Maduro government were desperate for cash as oil revenues continued to shrink and civil unrest grew. The influx of money from Rosneft is said to be helping keep PDVSA and Maduro afloat. According to a report in The Guardian, if Venezuela defaults on the debt, Rosneft could stand to gain a controlling stake in Citgo, a prospect that has caused anxiety among both Republicans and Democrats in the US Congress. Under current circumstances, however, Rosneft could not take ownership of its shares in Citgo – which owns three refineries, as well as pipelines and oil terminals – because the Russian firm and its boss, Igor Sechin, are under US sanctions linked to Moscow’s military intervention in eastern Ukraine and the annexation of Crimea. Meanwhile, the donation revelation comes amidst a series of violent demonstrations in Venezuela which have so far claimed almost 30 lives and injured many more. Anti-government protestors argue that the country’s economic woes have led to yet further deaths as citizens grapple with escalating food, water and medical shortages, and inflation skyrocketing to around 800 percent. The opposition blames Maduro’s socialist government for its failure to return the country to stability and accuses him of undermining the country’s democracy. Click here to receive news via email from Caribbean360. (View sample) More share buttons Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Venezuela Found Half Million Dollars To Donate to Trump Inauguration Despite Economic Crisis and is located at http://www.caribbean360.com/news/venezuela-found-half-million-dollars-donate-trump-inauguration-despite-economic-crisis. Captcha Submit Alert Raised After Kick 'em Jenny Erupts: More Than 40 Tremors Recorded Fyre Festival Flop: Luxury Event in The Bahamas Turns Into Nightmare Search for: Latest Archives Plastic-Eating Caterpillar Could Hold Key To Tackling Plastic Pollution Jamaica Makes Facebook History Curacao Gets New Government After Election Win For First-Time Party Leader Alert Raised After Kick ’em Jenny Erupts: More Than 40 Tremors Recorded Venezuela Found Half Million Dollars To Donate to Trump Inauguration Despite Economic Crisis Select a Month May 2017  (5) April 2017  (162) March 2017  (150) February 2017  (114) January 2017  (112) December 2016  (121) November 2016  (157) October 2016  (163) September 2016  (167) August 2016  (189) July 2016  (137) June 2016  (181) May 2016  (184) April 2016  (186) March 2016  (199) February 2016  (191) January 2016  (197) December 2015  (197) November 2015  (173) October 2015  (206) September 2015  (197) August 2015  (197) July 2015  (215) June 2015  (208) May 2015  (215) April 2015  (187) March 2015  (144) February 2015  (195) January 2015  (151) December 2014  (169) November 2014  (197) October 2014  (225) September 2014  (220) August 2014  (229) July 2014  (242) June 2014  (235) May 2014  (232) April 2014  (191) March 2014  (136) February 2014  (206) January 2014  (225) December 2013  (171) November 2013  (159) October 2013  (183) September 2013  (130) August 2013  (112) July 2013  (149) June 2013  (147) May 2013  (179) April 2013  (165) March 2013  (173) February 2013  (174) January 2013  (301) December 2012  (234) November 2012  (361) October 2012  (255) September 2012  (189) August 2012  (256) July 2012  (277) June 2012  (286) May 2012  (255) April 2012  (156) March 2012  (199) February 2012  (250) January 2012  (236) December 2011  (273) November 2011  (290) October 2011  (291) September 2011  (324) August 2011  (271) July 2011  (302) June 2011  (304) May 2011  (287) April 2011  (291) March 2011  (327) February 2011  (297) January 2011  (304) December 2010  (338) November 2010  (382) October 2010  (350) September 2010  (383) August 2010  (318) July 2010  (276) June 2010  (342) May 2010  (314) April 2010  (295) March 2010  (338) February 2010  (293) January 2010  (310) December 2009  (289) November 2009  (303) October 2009  (332) September 2009  (317) August 2009  (344) July 2009  (370) June 2009  (348) May 2009  (315) April 2009  (184) March 2009  (123) February 2009  (112) January 2009  (113) December 2008  (121) November 2008  (111) October 2008  (143) September 2008  (114) August 2008  (129) July 2008  (114) June 2008  (118) May 2008  (127) April 2008  (123) March 2008  (113) February 2008  (136) January 2008  (128) December 2007  (82) November 2007  (116) October 2007  (114) September 2007  (96) August 2007  (145) July 2007  (120) June 2007  (129) May 2007  (108) April 2007  (147) March 2007  (115) February 2007  (70) January 2007  (85) December 2006  (83) November 2006  (97) October 2006  (92) September 2006  (123) August 2006  (177) July 2006  (150) June 2006  (176) May 2006  (192) April 2006  (111) March 2006  (109) February 2006  (86) January 2006  (133) December 2005  (86) November 2005  (132) October 2005  (81) September 2005  (58) August 2005  (59) July 2005  (98) June 2005  (235) May 2005  (20) Select a Category Anguilla News  (28) Antigua News  (421) Aruba News  (17) Bahamas News  (317) Barbados News  (1,009) Belize News  (118) Bermuda News  (129) British Virgin Islands News  (30) Business  (3,593) Caribbean Hurricane Centre  (1) Cayman Islands News  (107) Celebrity  (29) Cuba News  (303) Curacao News  (24) Dominica News  (222) Dominican Republic News  (106) Entertainment  (296) Grenada News  (256) Guadeloupe News  (19) Guyana News  (536) Haiti News  (399) Jamaica News  (1,349) Lifestyle  (129) Martinique News  (27) Montserrat News  (35) News  (11,168) Opinion  (671) PR360  (118) Puerto Rico News  (104) Sponsored Content  (205) Sports  (1,078) St Kitts and Nevis News  (248) St Lucia News  (400) St Martin News  (25) St Vincent News  (256) Travel  (1,204) Trinidad and Tobago News  (1,114) Tropical Systems  (107) Turks and Caicos News  (52) US Virgin Islands News  (41) Venezuela News  (158) Video Pick  (45) Watch  (13) Weather  (278) World  (10) Zika Virus  (86) Select a Tag metered (5414)featured (845)Caribbean (98)Trinidad and Tobago (33)Kamla Persad-Bissessar (27)Marlon Samuels (26)United States (23)Jamaica (21)Barack Obama (19)Caribbean Community (18)Cuba (18)Saint Lucia (16)West Indies Cricket Board (15)Rihanna (15)Jason Holder (15)Hurricane Matthew (15)Ebola virus disease (14)Barbados (14)Chris Gayle (13)Haiti (12)Saint Vincent and the Grenadines (11)World Health Organization (11)University of the West Indies (11)Darren Sammy (11)Keith Rowley (11)Lendl Simmons (11)Zika (11)Anand Ramlogan (10)Ralph Gonsalves (9)Caribbean Court of Justice (9)Test cricket (9)Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States (8)Chikungunya (8)Michel Martelly (8)South Africa (8)West Indies cricket team (8)Dominica (8)LIAT (7)European Union (7)AB de Villiers (7)Darren Bravo (7)Port of Spain (7)Denzil Douglas (7)Saint Kitts (7)United Nations (6)Freundel Stuart (6)Portia Simpson-Miller (6)Fidel Castro (6)Dwayne Bravo (6)Federal Aviation Administration (5) Click for weather forecast Connect with Caribbean360 Caribbean360 About Us account-profile Advertise Caribbean360 Refund Policy Contact Us Cookie Policy Digital Memberships min Post an Ad Privacy Policy Site Map Sponsored Content Subscribe to our newsletters unsupported Recent Posts Plastic-Eating Caterpillar Could Hold Key To Tackling Plastic Pollution Jamaica Makes Facebook History Curacao Gets New Government After Election Win For First-Time Party Leader Alert Raised After Kick ’em Jenny Erupts: More Than 40 Tremors Recorded Venezuela Found Half Million Dollars To Donate to Trump Inauguration Despite Economic Crisis Alexa Site Ranking © 2017 Caribbean360. Like Caribbean360 news? Join 35,000+ who get daily email updates. × Read previous post: Fyre Festival Flop: Luxury Event in The Bahamas Turns Into Nightmare Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Basf Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Purchases 161,600 Shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Raises Position in Synchrony Financial (SYF) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Has $28.23 Million Stake in Moody's Co. (MCO) Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Boosts Position in WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (KALU) Position Boosted by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Hub Group Inc (HUBG) Position Increased by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Aegion Corp (AEGN) Shares Bought by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Analysts Anticipate Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL) Will Post Earnings of $1.00 Per Share -$0.59 Earnings Per Share Expected for Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) This Quarter Medicx Fund Ltd. (MXF) Declares GBX 1.50 Dividend Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Director Gordon Ritter Sells 10,200 Shares of Stock Chemical Financial Co. (CHFC) Director Richard M. Lievense Sells 13,351 Shares Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) Director Lars Wedenborn Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Bank of Hawaii Co. (BOH) CEO Peter S. Ho Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Graco Inc. (GGG) Director William J. Carroll Sells 8,600 Shares Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Price Target Increased to $45.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Tripadvisor (TRIP) Stock Price Trex Company (TREX) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.18 Sequential Brands Group Inc (SQBG) to Release Earnings on Thursday T. Rowe Price Group (TROW) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows Commerzbank Ag Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €90.10 Price Target May 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Commerzbank Ag set a €90.10 ($97.93) target price on Basf Se (ETR:BAS) in a report issued on Thursday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the basic materials company’s stock. Other research analysts have also recently issued reports about the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €105.00 ($114.13) price target on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, January 19th. DZ Bank AG restated a buy rating on shares of Basf Se in a report on Thursday, December 29th. Citigroup Inc set a €110.00 ($119.57) price target on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €45.00 ($48.91) price target on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, BNP Paribas set a €92.00 ($100.00) price target on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company. Basf Se presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €90.60 ($98.47). Shares of Basf Se (ETR:BAS) opened at 89.825 on Thursday. Basf Se has a 12 month low of €63.30 and a 12 month high of €94.15. The firm’s 50-day moving average is €90.79 and its 200 day moving average is €86.72. The company has a market capitalization of €82.50 billion and a PE ratio of 20.368. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/01/commerzbank-ag-analysts-give-basf-se-bas-a-90-10-price-target.html. About Basf Se BASF SE is a chemical company. The Company operates through five segments, which include Chemicals, Performance Products, Functional Materials & Solutions, Agricultural Solutions, and Oil & Gas. The Chemicals segment consists of the Petrochemicals, Monomers and Intermediates divisions. The Performance Products segment consists of the Dispersions & Pigments, Care Chemicals, Nutrition & Health, and Performance Chemicals divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Basf Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bayer AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Splunk (SPLK) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Steadymed (STDY) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports FireEye Inc (FEYE) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance BlackRock Municipal Income Trust II (BLE) Plans $0.07 Monthly Dividend BlackRock Floating Rate Income Strat. Fn (FRA) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.06 Noble Energy, Inc. (NBL) Shares Sold by Sfmg LLC WASHINGTON TRUST Co Purchases 2,268 Shares of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Shaker Investments LLC OH Has $2.854 Million Stake in LKQ Co. (LKQ) Wheatland Advisors Inc. Reduces Position in Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Coach Inc (COH) Stake Decreased by Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Invests $4.776 Million in Twitter Inc (TWTR) Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) to Post $3.30 EPS AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Stake Boosted by Willingdon Wealth Management First Houston Capital Inc. Increases Position in Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Shaker Investments LLC OH Raises Position in Manitex International Inc (MNTX) Analysts Expect Biogen Inc (BIIB) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.8 Billion Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Diageo plc (DGE) Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Riverview Bancorp (RVSB) Share Price Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Shares Up 11.6% After Earnings Beat Sanford C. Bernstein Reiterates “€125.00” Price Target for Bayer AG (BAYN) May 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Sanford C. Bernstein set a €125.00 ($135.87) target price on Bayer AG (FRA:BAYN) in a research report report published on Thursday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the healthcare company’s stock. Several other equities analysts also recently weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a buy rating on shares of Bayer AG in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Jefferies Group LLC set a €130.00 ($141.30) target price on Bayer AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Societe Generale set a €110.00 ($119.57) target price on Bayer AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. DZ Bank AG reiterated a neutral rating on shares of Bayer AG in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Citigroup Inc reiterated a buy rating on shares of Bayer AG in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Nine investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of €113.95 ($123.86). Shares of Bayer AG (FRA:BAYN) opened at 111.20 on Thursday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is €107.27 and its 200 day moving average price is €100.19. Bayer AG has a 1-year low of €83.87 and a 1-year high of €114.03. The stock has a market cap of €91.96 billion and a PE ratio of 20.44. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/01/sanford-c-bernstein-reiterates-125-00-price-target-for-bayer-ag-bayn.html. Bayer AG Company Profile . Receive News & Ratings for Bayer AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Navios Maritime Partners L.P. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Navios Maritime Partners L.P. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News IFP Advisors Inc Buys 221 Shares of Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) IFP Advisors Inc Buys 148 Shares of Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) IFP Advisors Inc Has $512,000 Stake in Westar Energy Inc (WR) IFP Advisors Inc Has $996,000 Position in Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) $0.57 Earnings Per Share Expected for Kroger Co (KR) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Expect Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.30 Per Share $0.11 EPS Expected for Bottomline Technologies (EPAY) This Quarter Piper Jaffray Companies Analysts Give Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN) a $30.00 Price Target athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Earns “Buy” Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Beadell Resources (BDREF) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Rating Reiterated by Benchmark Co. Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.06 EPS National Retail Properties, Inc. (NNN) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Ignyta Inc (RXDX) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.27 EPS Blue Capital Reinsurance Holdings Ltd (BCRH) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.06 EPS World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. (WWE) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Synthetic Biologics (SYN) Earns Daily News Impact Score of -0.29 Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires 110,381 Shares of Whirlpool Co. (WHR) Synthetic Biologics (SYN) Earning Negative Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Corinthian Colleges (COCO) Receiving Critical Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Navios Maritime Partners L.P. (NMM) Short Interest Update May 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Navios Maritime Partners L.P. (NYSE:NMM) saw a significant drop in short interest during the month of April. As of April 13th, there was short interest totalling 872,892 shares, a drop of 35.2% from the March 31st total of 1,347,358 shares. Currently, 0.7% of the shares of the company are sold short. Based on an average daily volume of 662,663 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is presently 1.3 days. NMM has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised Navios Maritime Partners L.P. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $2.25 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Stifel Nicolaus raised their price target on Navios Maritime Partners L.P. from $1.50 to $1.75 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Finally, Citigroup Inc raised their price target on Navios Maritime Partners L.P. from $2.00 to $2.25 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in NMM. Renaissance Technologies LLC bought a new position in shares of Navios Maritime Partners L.P. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $109,000. Two Sigma Investments LP raised its position in shares of Navios Maritime Partners L.P. by 98.8% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 185,507 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $262,000 after buying an additional 92,209 shares during the period. Sanders Morris Harris Inc. raised its position in shares of Navios Maritime Partners L.P. by 134.3% in the first quarter. Sanders Morris Harris Inc. now owns 282,650 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $585,000 after buying an additional 162,000 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Navios Maritime Partners L.P. by 29.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 559,225 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $777,000 after buying an additional 127,684 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 4.22% of the company’s stock. Shares of Navios Maritime Partners L.P. (NYSE:NMM) opened at 2.07 on Tuesday. Navios Maritime Partners L.P. has a 52-week low of $1.13 and a 52-week high of $2.94. The firm’s market capitalization is $182.84 million. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $2.10 and its 200-day moving average price is $1.75. Navios Maritime Partners L.P. (NYSE:NMM) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 14th. The shipping company reported $0.09 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.01 by $0.08. Navios Maritime Partners L.P. had a negative net margin of 21.97% and a positive return on equity of 2.03%. The business had revenue of $49.70 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $46.53 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.09 EPS. Navios Maritime Partners L.P.’s quarterly revenue was down 6.8% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts expect that Navios Maritime Partners L.P. will post ($0.03) EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/01/navios-maritime-partners-l-p-nmm-short-interest-update.html. Navios Maritime Partners L.P. Company Profile Navios Maritime Partners L.P. is an international owner and operator of dry cargo and container vessels. The Company is engaged in the seaborne transportation services of a range of dry cargo commodities, including iron ore, coal, grain and fertilizer, and also containers, chartering its vessels under medium to long-term charters. Receive News & Ratings for Navios Maritime Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Navios Maritime Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Cedar Rapids Prairie celebrates No. 1 boys’ soccer ranking with 3-1 triumph at fifth-ranked Iowa City West 1st District residents only allowed in Blum town halls Retail buildings, new hotel rising at Westdale Evidence concludes in Jane Meyer case against University of Iowa Beware, Hawkeyes: Josh Allen’s Wyoming Cowboys await One killed in motorcycle, truck collision near Solon Study clears way to negotiate Cedar Lake ownership transfer Lewin Diaz homers twice, drives in 5 as C.R. Kernels topple Lake County, 7-3 Iowa City group launches campaign to support $191.5 million bond Cedar Rapids Prairie celebrates No. 1 boys’ soccer ranking with 3-1 triumph at fifth-ranked Iowa City West May Day rallies across U.S. target Trump immigration policy Video Photo Protesters gather at McArthur Park for the May Day protest march in Los Angeles, California, U.S. May 1, 2017. REUTERS/ Kyle Grillot By Chris Francescani and Alex Dobuzinskis, Reuters May 1, 2017 at 7:40 pm | Print View NEW YORK/LOS ANGELES — Labor unions and civil rights groups staged May Day rallies across the United States on Monday, challenging President Donald Trump’s immigration policies and his vow to step up deportations of those who entered the country illegally. Activists said they were seeking to amass the largest crowds to have yet turned out for U.S. immigrant rights demonstrations since Trump took office on Jan. 20. Thousands gathered at MacArthur Park near downtown Los Angeles for what organizers called a show of “resistance, unity and defiance,” then set off on a boisterous but peaceful march across town to City Hall. A crowd of several thousand also assembled in Washington’s Dupont Circle for a rally ahead of a planned procession to Lafayette Square, across the street from the White House. Earlier in the day, 500 protesters marched through midtown Manhattan and rallied in front of offices of Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase & Co. Twelve were arrested, according to a spokesman for Make the Road New York, an immigrant advocacy group that claims 20,000 members. The two banks were targeted because of their dealings with private companies that have built or manage some immigrant detention centers for the government, according to Jose Lopez, Make the Road New York’s co-director of organizing. “The messaging for today was to stop financing immigrant detention facilities,” Lopez said. May Day, also known as International Workers’ Day, has typically been a quieter affair in the United States than in Europe, where it is a public holiday in many countries. May Day unrest flared on Monday in France and Turkey, where demonstrators clashed with police. The U.S. protests focused on Trump’s crackdown on illegal immigration as he presses police agencies around the country to assist federal efforts at rounding up individuals sought for deportation and threatens to withhold federal dollars for cities that do not cooperate, which have been dubbed “sanctuary cities.” Attorney General Jeff Sessions also stirred an outcry by saying last month that so-called “dreamers” - illegal immigrants who entered the United States as children and were granted protection under the Obama administration - were subject to deportation. Sessions later walked back his statement, and Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly has said dreamers were not being targeted, though some have ended up detained in roundups of immigrants with criminal backgrounds. Retired social worker Christina Reilly Vaccarino, 78, who emigrated from Ireland at age 15 with a green card allowing her to work as a nanny, said she was “disgusted” by Trump’s policies on immigration, taxes and workers’ rights. “I came to America at a time when everyone in Ireland believed that America is so wonderful, so great. And now, after all these years, to experience this? It’s not America anymore,” she said at an afternoon rally in Lower Manhattan. New York City’s biggest rally was planned for the early evening, when organizers expected thousands to gather in downtown Manhattan’s Foley Square for musical performances and speeches by union leaders and immigrants living in the country illegally. Precautions were in place in Seattle, where officials were on the lookout for incendiary devices and gun-carrying protesters after a January shooting outside a political event and an incident during May Day 2016 in which a protester tossed an unlit Molotov cocktail at police. Some Trump supporters said they would also turn out on May Day. Activist Joey Gibson said he and other conservatives would travel to Seattle to defend against what he described as communist and anti-fascist groups who have in the past faced off with police in the evening, after the conclusion of the usually peaceful daytime marches. (Additional reporting by Jonathan Allen and Peter Szekely in New York, Ian Simpson in Washington and Tom James in Seattle; Writing by Steve Gorman; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Mary Milliken) Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles Watch Live: Gov. Terry Branstad's confir ... Branstad earns praise from Senate Foreig ... FDA suspends enforcement of stricter sta ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Coca-Cola European Partners plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Six Flags Entertainment Corp to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (SIX) Boston Beer Company Inc to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $1.30 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts (SAM) AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Loxo Oncology Inc (LOXO) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Green Bancorp Inc (GNBC) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages iAB Financial Bank Continues to Hold Position in CME Group Inc (CME) Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Acquires New Position in Packaging Corp Of America (PKG) Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Stake Reduced by Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Needham & Company LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for Spectranetics Corp (SPNC) Entegris Inc (ENTG) Rating Lowered to Hold at Craig Hallum Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Takes Position in Kohl's Co. (KSS) Greenwich Wealth Management LLC Has $3.676 Million Position in Western Digital Corp (WDC) 1,067 Shares in Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Acquired by Scott & Selber Inc. Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Takes Position in Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) Anadarko Petroleum Co. (APC) Shares Sold by Leavell Investment Management Inc. Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Takes Position in DTE Energy Co (DTE) 5,390 Shares in Liberty Sirius XM Group (LSXMK) Acquired by Breton Hill Capital Ltd. Greenwich Wealth Management LLC Acquires 402 Shares of CIGNA Co. (CI) Sapiens International Co. (SPNS) PT Lowered to $16.00 Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Rating Reiterated by ABN Amro May 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE)‘s stock had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by equities research analysts at ABN Amro in a research note issued on Friday. A number of other equities analysts have also weighed in on CCE. Barclays PLC initiated coverage on Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a research note on Monday, January 9th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $36.00 target price on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Coca-Cola European Partners plc from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Argus initiated coverage on Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $44.00 target price on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and issued a $38.00 target price on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. They issued a “neutral” rating on the stock. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating, eight have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $43.50. Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) opened at 38.28 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $18.50 billion, a PE ratio of 25.17 and a beta of 1.01. Coca-Cola European Partners plc has a 52-week low of $30.55 and a 52-week high of $54.37. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $37.34 and a 200-day moving average price of $35.22. Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, March 21st. The company reported $0.46 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.46. The business had revenue of $2.58 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.54 billion. Coca-Cola European Partners plc had a return on equity of 21.76% and a net margin of 8.49%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 58.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.53 EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Coca-Cola European Partners plc will post $2.26 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 24th. Stockholders of record on Monday, April 10th were given a dividend of $0.2261 per share. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, April 6th. This is a positive change from Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.19. This represents a $0.90 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.36%. Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s dividend payout ratio is 31.98%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/01/coca-cola-european-partners-plc-cce-rating-reiterated-by-abn-amro.html. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC raised its position in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 106.9% in the fourth quarter. Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC now owns 11,443,829 shares of the company’s stock valued at $359,336,000 after buying an additional 5,911,761 shares during the period. First Eagle Investment Management LLC raised its position in Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 0.4% in the third quarter. First Eagle Investment Management LLC now owns 5,174,065 shares of the company’s stock valued at $206,445,000 after buying an additional 21,413 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC raised its position in Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 9.6% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 5,134,728 shares of the company’s stock valued at $161,230,000 after buying an additional 450,584 shares during the last quarter. Highfields Capital Management LP raised its position in Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 262.5% in the fourth quarter. Highfields Capital Management LP now owns 3,638,661 shares of the company’s stock valued at $114,254,000 after buying an additional 2,634,911 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Epoch Investment Partners Inc. raised its position in Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 10,066.2% in the third quarter. Epoch Investment Partners Inc. now owns 3,460,165 shares of the company’s stock valued at $138,060,000 after buying an additional 3,426,129 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 31.73% of the company’s stock. About Coca-Cola European Partners plc Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc (CCE) markets, produces and distributes nonalcoholic beverages. The Company serves customers across Belgium, continental France, Great Britain, Luxembourg, Monaco, the Netherlands, Norway and Sweden. The Company’s segments include Europe and Corporate. CCE is The Coca-Cola Company’s strategic bottling partner in Western Europe. Receive News & Ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Wednesday, May 3, 2017 Latest: Effective Governance Key To Improving Quality Of Asia-Pacific Economic Growth – OpEd Picking Up The Cold War Pieces: Somalia, Ethiopia, Sudan – OpEd Iran Says Wins Extension Of Oil Output Cuts From OPEC And Non-OPEC Countries The Demise Of NAFTA: Canada’s Silver Lining – OpEd Japan’s Role In Trump’s North Korean Policy – Analysis Eurasia Review A Journal of Analysis and News News Opinion Analysis Business Social Religion Entertainment Environment Technology About Editorial Staff Authors and Partners Contact Submit an Article Buzz Future Privacy Policy And Terms Of Use Official Portrait of US President Donald J. Trump. Photo Credit: White House. 1 Opinion  Three Months Of Donald Trump: More Of The Same – OpEd May 2, 2017 IDN 0 Comment Donald Trump, Foreign Policy, Politics, United States By IDN By Marcelo Colussi* More than three months have passed since the inauguration of Donald Trump as president of the world’s leading capitalist power: the United States of America. Nothing has changed. If someone had thought that something could change with his arrival at the White House, they were mistaken from beginning to end. Why should anything change? The rhetoric used by the tycoon during his presidential campaign could certainly have led one to imagine – mistakenly – some change of scenario. Given the current crisis experienced by the US economy, his programme appeared to be – at least in words – a promise to revive a downcast national industry. But here comes the mirage. What is downcast is the purchasing power of America’s working class, while its companies remain prosperous, very healthy, managing the outlook with prospects for the future. While it is true that, in technical accounting terms, China’s gross output has surpassed that of the United States, the latter still remains the world leader in economic, political, technological and military terms. Of the largest corporations in the world, the eleven largest have their headquarters in the United States, and 54 are the most capitalised among the first 100 on the planet. They continue to manage all domains: oil (ExxonMobil Corporation, Chevron-Texaco), communication technologies (Apple, Microsoft, Google, Facebook, Hollywood), banking (Wells Fargo & Co, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Berkshire Hathaway), chemicals (Johnson & Johnson, Procter & Gamble, Pfizer Inc.) and, of course, the military industry (Lockheed Martin, Boeing Company, BAE Systems Inc., Northrop Grumman Corporation, Raytheon Company, General Dynamics, Honeywell Aerospace, Halliburton. All these corporations of the industrial-military complex recorded sales of almost one trillion dollars in 2016, having also seen increases of 60% since 2010, a clear sign that the economic crisis does not count for them). There is decadence and, as has happened with every empire in history, it seems to have reached the peak of its expansion and begun its slow decline. But it is far from being a defeated empire: it continues to set the pace in many aspects. Immediately after the end of World War II, America was the great capitalist power dominating the scene. The only nation with nuclear power at the time, it accounted for 52 percent of the world’s gross product. At this point in time, it no longer holds a monopoly of the atomic bomb (at least Russia and China are its rivals in parity), and its contribution to global production has dropped to 18%. Undoubtedly, it is not continuing to expand, as it did from the middle of the 19th century and throughout the entire 20th century. Furthermore, although it is beginning to be called into question, its currency – the dollar – remains largely the universal currency, and English is still the obligatory lingua franca. Hollywood, no matter what, is the cultural referent of the planet, as much as Coca-Cola or McDonald’s. The process of neoliberal globalisation, begun in the 1970s, reconfigured the world and obviously also the capitalist system. Production and marketing became absolutely planetary: the same merchandise can be produced anywhere in the world with the same technology and distributed throughout an expanded world market. Private capital thus takes advantage of the advantages offered by the poorer countries where wages are lower and where it enjoys certain privileges, such as tax exemption, weakness or lack of environmental regulations and little or no trade union organisation of workers. In this way, a company from a rich and developed country leaves its facilities there to settle in some so-called “free zone” of the Third World, lowering production costs but not the final price of the finished product. And this product is no longer marketed only within the frontiers of the producing country, but on a world market. Under this scheme, the loser is the working class of the country from which capital originates. Capital does not lose – on the contrary, it profits even more. Considering this to be the mechanism at play, the United States began to impoverish relatively: its workers became impoverished because, in many cases, they became unemployed. Meanwhile, companies continued to profit monumentally. We have already seen the data of the military industry: more and more wars, therefore, more weapons. And the United States provides the global half of them. So there is no crisis for these mega-corporations. Let’s take as an example what was once the mecca of the automobile – the city of Detroit in the state of Michigan. By 1960, Detroit had three million inhabitants, most of them employed in automotive production. With the arrival of the process of relocation, the large US companies moved to countless locations on five continents around the globe. Detroit’s industrial working class was ruined (today, Detroit is a ghost town, with only 300,000 inhabitants), but the country’s automotive mega-corporations (General Motors, Ford, Chrysler) continued their business. Who became impoverished? The working class. Against this backdrop of impoverishment of the working masses (the voters), Donald Trump’s theatrical discourse during his campaign raised expectations. He spoke – as does every campaign candidate who sells dreams and verbal pyrotechnics – of changing that situation, of bringing the industry that had abandoned American soil back to the homeland. Undoubtedly, those fiery promises achieved their purpose: contrary to all odds, Trump won the election. But the companies did not return … nor will they return! In very good measure, his “hobby horse” for the campaign was fierce xenophobia, with promises of the expulsion of the many “Hispanics who come to steal jobs”. Construction of a wall (of which one-quarter is missing because, in fact, a fence has already been built on the border with Mexico) and the deportation of thousands of Latin Americans without documents had basically a propagandistic effect. The US economy remains very prosperous for capital, but is hardly improving for its workers. The fact is that it cannot improve, because the cycle of capitalist growth of the United States has come and gone. Its consumption far exceeds its production, so the country as a whole (population and State) is living on credit. It is Chinese and Japanese currencies that are keeping Washington’s federal budget afloat, and it is credit cards (with an average debt of 5,000 dollars per citizen) that are maintaining household economies. Who benefits from this? Obviously not the cardholders, the workers, but the banks. As with any theatrical speech by a presidential campaign candidate who sells “beads and baubles”, Donald Trump also said he would not engage in war with Syria, and that he would dampen the ever-burning conflict with Russia, the alleged preamble to a new world war (this time a nuclear war, therefore possibly the last). But, just months after taking office, we see how the industrial-military complex is continuing to decide things. The 59 cruise missiles fired on a military base in Syria or the “mother of all bombs” dropped recently in Afghanistan are proof. No president of the United States – like no president in any capitalist country anywhere on the planet – is the one who finally decides things. Strong powers whisper (or shout) in his ear what he should do. These powers have a specific name: they are those mega-corporations mentioned above. Since the middle of the last century, these mega-corporations have constituted what has been called the industrial-military complex, the main current economic activity of the United States (25 percent of its gross product). In 1997, George Kennan, a key Washington political scientist during the Cold War, said: “Were the Soviet Union to sink tomorrow under the waters of the ocean, the American military-industrial establishment would have to go on, substantially unchanged, until some other adversary could be invented. Anything else would be an unacceptable shock to the American economy”. The day a president – John F. Kennedy – dared to want to stop the war in Vietnam War, like all responses of these “big bosses”, he received a precise shot in the head. And, of course, the war in Vietnam went ahead. The 60,000 fallen US soldiers do not compare with the profits made by this military-industrial complex. That adversary which must be invented, by the way, does not fail to appear continuously: “Islamic terrorism”, “drug trafficking” or any new demon that may occur in the future (rogue states, maras (gangs), dengue transmitting mosquitoes, as in the Guaraní Aquifer on the triple Argentine-Paraguayan-Brazilian border, the” Castro-Communist dictatorship of Venezuela”, and so on). The military industry, which directly or indirectly employs one in four American workers, will not stop. Trump’s fanciful declarations prior to occupying the White House spoke of “reassurance” in the current undeclared – but real and effective – new Cold War (35,000 dollars a second spent on armaments worldwide). Recent military operations in Syria and Afghanistan show the reality. It is to be hoped that we will never arrive at a new world war with nuclear weapons. In that case, only the cockroaches could tell what follows (if any survive). The capital that leads the world is voracious, but not crazy. It will surely continue to manipulate public opinion, terrorising populations and showing apocalyptic images of a probable atomic confrontation, even if it never reaches the point of pressing the fateful buttons of pandemonium. But the need to “be ready for the hecatomb”, according to the well-oiled capitalist communication industry, means that the Roman maxim “If you want peace, prepare for war” remains valid. And the industrial-military complex continues to make millions. Why would Donald Trump be any different? Perhaps he has a different style, different from the political correctness of his predecessors, but it is already clear how things are after just three months: more of the same! It’s that simple … or pathetic. * Born in Argentina, Marcelo Colussi studied psychology and philosophy and now lives in Guatemala, where he is a university professor and social researcher. He is a member of Utopia Rossa (Red Utopia), an international association working for the unity of revolutionary movements around the world in a new International: la Quinta (The Fifth). The full version of this article originally appeared in Spanish under the title Tres Meses de Donald Trump: Mas de lo Mismo in Utopia Rossa. Translated by Phil Harris. ← Sleep Deprivation And Employment – Analysis An Aesthetically Diverting Border Wall Lined With Petunias – OpEd → IDN IDN-InDepthNews offers news analyses and viewpoints on topics that impact the world and its peoples. IDN-InDepthNews serves as flagship of GlobalNewsHub - the media network of the Globalom Media Group and Global Cooperation Council. You May Also Like A New Difficult Kashmir: Summer 2017 – OpEd April 26, 2017 Dr. Adfer Shah 1 India Seeks Joint Development Of Oil, Gas Fields In Qatar – OpEd June 6, 2016 Dr. Abdul Ruff 0 US Offers $3 Million For Capture Of Islamic State Leader Trained In Louisiana August 31, 2016 MINA 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Latest Articles 1 Opinion  Effective Governance Key To Improving Quality Of Asia-Pacific Economic Growth – OpEd May 3, 2017 Dr. Shamshad Akhtar* 0 The Asia-Pacific region’s high and steady economic growth has been an anchor of stability for the struggling world economy in 1 Opinion  Picking Up The Cold War Pieces: Somalia, Ethiopia, Sudan – OpEd May 3, 2017 Eric Walberg 0 1 Business  Iran Says Wins Extension Of Oil Output Cuts From OPEC And Non-OPEC Countries May 3, 2017 Iran Review 0 1 Business Opinion  The Demise Of NAFTA: Canada’s Silver Lining – OpEd May 3, 2017 Bruce Mabley 0 Recent Comments An informed citizen on Pakistan Assessment 2017 – Analysis Michael Manley on Larger Conspiracy Behind BNP’s Bitter Criticism Of Sheikh Hasina’s India Initiative – Analysis George on Syria: New Evidence Shows Pattern Of Nerve-Agent Use, Says HRW PeterBrooker on Reckless In The White House – OpEd robbe on US Says Turkish Airstrikes In Syria, Iraq Kill Partner Counter-ISIS Fighters Copyright © 2017 Eurasia Review. All rights reserved. (ISSN 2330-717X) This popup will close in: Please Support Eurasia Review   Eurasia Review does not receive financial support from any institution, corporation or organization. We are truly independent. Your contributions allow Eurasia Review to continue operating. Please consider donating today.   Signup for Eurasia Review's FREE newsletter CLOSE
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 238% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 105% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 238% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 105% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Here's Why Big Bank Stocks Rose After Trump Talked About Breaking Them Up Bank stocks ended the day unfazed by the president’s remarks. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) May 1, 2017 at 8:40PM On the campaign trail, President Trump called for breaking up the nation's biggest banks. This resonated with his constituents, but it wasn't until this week that he reiterated his interest as the sitting president of the United States in potentially doing so. "I'm looking at that right now," Trump said in an interview with Bloomberg News. "There's some people that want to go back to the old system, right? So we're going to look at that." Image source: Getty Images. He's referring to universal banks, those with both investment and commercial banking operations. This was a core concept of the Glass-Steagall Act of 1933, passed in the midst of the Great Depression. But it was repealed in the deregulatory fervor of the 1990s. Trump's principal economic advisor, Gary Cohn, had previously made a similar suggestion. He told members of the Senate Banking Committee in April that he could support a policy separating the two businesses. The banks that would be hardest hit by a reinstated Glass-Steagall are JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM), Bank of America (NYSE:BAC), and Citigroup (NYSE:C), all of which have sizable commercial and investment banking operations. Although the market reacted on Monday to President Trump's remarks, causing bank stocks to drop suddenly, these three stocks quickly recovered and ended the day higher. Bank of America was up 1.16% JPMorgan Chase was up 0.07% Citigroup was up 0.58% Investors seemed to conclude that the chances of a new Glass-Steagall are slim to none. It's worth keeping in mind that Trump made the remarks at a gathering of community bankers, who have traditionally been at odds with the likes of JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Citigroup. In order for major U.S.-based banks to stay competitive on a global basis -- something Trump has repeatedly discussed in the context of regulatory and tax relief -- they need the full array of financial products that large multinational corporations use to raise capital and manage risk around the world. Take away some of these product lines, and universal banks in China, Europe, and Japan will be left with an advantage. Moreover, despite assertions to the contrary, there's no evidence to suggest that breaking them up would unlock value and thereby be beneficial to shareholders. There are theoretical arguments that it would, but that's a long way from tangible evidence stemming from actual experience. The point is that while breaking up the banks plays well on the campaign trail and resonates with certain audiences, it doesn't make sense from either an "America First" perspective or from a business perspective to reinstate Glass-Steagall's prohibition of universal banks. It thus seems unlikely that Trump will actually move to break up banks like JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Citigroup -- which explains why their stocks ended the day unfazed by his statement about possibly doing so. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info May 1, 2017 at 8:40PM Financials Stocks Citigroup NYSE:C $59.71 up $0.25 (0.42%) Bank of America NYSE:BAC $23.53 down $0.08 (-0.34%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $86.50 down $0.56 (-0.64%) Read More An Important Insight About Bank of America Deferred Tax Assets: What Are They and Why Do They Matter for Banks? This Big Bank Had the Best First-Quarter Earnings Report This Chart Reveals How Bank Stocks Are Valued How Satisfied Are Bank of America’s Customers? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Here's Why Big Bank Stocks Rose After Trump Talked About Breaking Them Up @themotleyfool #stocks $C, $BAC, $JPM
GoSearch Replay: PIX11 News PIX11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us New York's PIX11 / WPIX-TV Menu News Local Morning PIX Team Contests Traffic Transit Events Weather 61° 61° Low 53° High 73° Wed 46° 62° Thu 53° 61° Fri 58° 64° See complete forecast BASEBALL’S BACK ON PIX11: CHECK OUT THE FULL LINEUP FOR THE METS AND YANKEES May Day protests, celebrations around the globe Posted 11:35 PM, May 1, 2017, by CNN Wire and Ayana Harry Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video May Day is a time to celebrate workers around the world and the gains made by labor advocates, but it's also a time when police are on high alert as gatherings in many cities are known to get violent. Though May Day was originally a celebration of spring -- replete with flowers and dancing -- it has, since the late 19th century, become known for labor rallies. It shares a date with International Workers' Day and from Seattle, Washington, to Jakarta, Indonesia, the line between revelry and protest has been blurred in recent years as some observances have been marred by violent clashes between riot police and protesters. Here is a look at how people around the globe are honoring May Day: Istanbul Video shows police firing rubber bullets and detaining protesters in Turkey's largest city as demonstrations became violent. At least 165 people have been detained during protests, according to the city's police headquarters. There was a heavy police presence in the major squares across the city. After authorities canceled celebrations in Taksim Square, a traditional rallying point, thousands of protesters gathered in the city's Bakirkoy district. In addition to supporting workers' rights, marchers gathered to support democratic rights, human rights, freedom of expression and rule of law -- rights which are seen to be shrinking in Turkey. Portland, Oregon Police canceled the permit for the demonstration after "anarchists" began throwing projectiles and incendiary devices, and causing unsafe conditions for protesters, the police Twitter account said. Incendiary devices thrown at police "included fireworks, smoke bombs and Molotov cocktails," the department tweeted. New York A small crowd of protesters that organized at Grand Central Station in New York marched west near Bryant Park. They carried signs with slogans, some reading, "Every species has a right to freedom" and "We're here, we're queer, we're fabulous." The group then marched Macy's Herald Square and began chanting within the department store. In a separate protest, a dozen people were arrested outside the Park Avenue office of JPMorgan Chase & Co. for civil disobedience, said New York Police Department Sgt Lee Jones. The protest, dubbed "Corporate Backers of Hate," targets companies who have cultivated ties to President Donald Trump's administration and stand to profit off his policies, said Daniel Altschuler of Make the Road New York, which helped organize the protest. At least four members of the group, which focuses on workers' rights, were among those arrested. Paris Just days before a French presidential election that pits far-right leader Marine Le Pen against pro-Europe centrist Emmanuel Macron in a runoff, the traditional May Day workers' march took place in Paris alongside an anti-Le Pen protest. Skirmishes broke out, and it didn't take long before police fired tear gas at protesters. Reports are emerging that police officers have been injured. Brazilian tourist Joseane Duque says she and a friend witnessed a police officer hit a man, and she saw tear gas and heard a loud bang. Artist Mehmet Ali Uysal, who participated in the demonstrations, said they were mostly peaceful, though he saw some violence, including two motorcycles that were set ablaze. Havana A large crowd gathered in the Cuban capital's Revolution Square, at the base of the memorial honoring writer and poet Jose Marti. A protester with a US flag briefly interrupted the day's celebration and was dragged off by government security officers. Moscow Hundreds of thousands showed up in the Russian capital to celebrate International Workers' Day, according to state-run media. In Red Square, people waved Soviet and Russian flags, as well as banners supporting President Vladimir Putin's United Russia party. "Decent work, wages, and life" is a common theme at the gatherings. People also took to the streets in Yakutsk, Khabarovsk, Vladivostok, Kazan, Novosibirsk and Salekhard, as well as in Siberia and the Urals and Volga regions, state-run media reported. St. Petersburg, Russia Demonstrators focused their ire not on any labor issue but on a January decision to return a cathedral, one of the city's most famous landmarks, to the Russian Orthodox Church, according to Radio Free Europe. Protesters say the church is gaining too much influence and want the cathedral to remain a museum. Also, according to an Instagram user, anarchists and members of the Russian Socialist Movement marched, chanting, "Our movement is resistance." Tbilisi, Georgia A gathering of trade union and student organizations converged outside Georgia's parliament building with a group of women's right activists demanding better working conditions and an end to discrimination, Radio Free Europe reported. Pristina, Kosovo The Union of Independent Trade Unions gathered, demanding the government provide better conditions for private-sector workers, which they said can be regarded as slaves at some workplaces, according to Radio Free Europe. Trademark and Copyright 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Popular Queens correction officer kills herself after trying to kill boyfriend, police sources say Teen arrested for climbing into neighbor’s Queens home, sexually assaulting 4-year-old: police sources Off-duty MTA worker, mother of 6, shot and killed on Brooklyn street Fidget spinners, cubes are helping kids (and adults) with ADHD, anxiety Latest News Neighbors track old sidewalk scaffolding as NYC officials talk about new proposals Woman drugged, raped by masked man in Brooklyn home with infant son nearby 1989 baby snatching case haunts sister of young, murdered mom Eta Aquarid meteor shower to peak this week, here’s the best time to watch News Tomorrow is May Day – what is the holiday anyway? News ‘Not My President’ rally brings out thousands, but will the frequency and intensity of protests continue? Queens Protesters arrested in demonstration against LIC bakery for firing undocumented immigrant workers Nation/World Business owners stand by decision to fire workers who participated in ‘A Day Without Immigrants’ protest News Protests erupt at UC Berkeley campus over controversial speaker Milo Yiannopoulos Local Stories News Restaurants, other businesses, close nationwide for ‘Day Without Immigrants’ protest Local Stories News Immigrants, unions march on May Day for rights, against Trump Long Island Rockville Centre officer charged with assault over violent arrest News LA Riots 25th anniversary: Original news coverage as it happened from April 29, 1992 News ICE raids in Texas strike fear into immigrants, regardless of legal status News Pepsi says it’s pulling widely mocked ad featuring Kendall Jenner Local Stories Thousands march through NYC demanding Trump release tax returns Local Stories Immigration advocates hold 24-hour rally outside Trinity Church to protest Trump refugee ban Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 220 East 42nd Street New York, NY 10017 212-949-1100 • Copyright © 2017, WPIX • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Technology Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Home Tech News May 2 2017 Save Print The Jeff Bezos effect: five lessons we can learn from the soon-to-be richest man on Earth Matthew Lynn 262 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More It might happen tomorrow. It could take until the end of the week. Heck, it might even take until the end of the month. But any day now the Amazon founder Jeff Bezos will become the world's richest person. After yet another powerful set of results, and yet another surge in the company's share price, Bezos is a mere $US5 billion away from the Microsoft founder Bill Gates and likely to overtake him very soon. True, on one level, the "world's richest man" is just a statistical footnote, of no great significance. On another, however, the title sets a role model that entrepreneurs and business leaders around the world aspire to. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Here's how Apple's numbers impact its suppliers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 04:06 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:53 Amazon by the numbers Amazon by the numbers Get to know the online retail giant before it sets up shop on Australian shores. Up Next Here's how Apple's numbers impact its suppliers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 04:06 Video duration 04:06 Here's how Apple's numbers impact its ... Here's how Apple's numbers impact its suppliers Apple reported falling iPhone sales, highlighting the need to deliver blockbuster new features in the next edition of the flagship device if the company is to fend off rivals like Samsung. Up Next Apple falls, Wall Street rallies Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:09 Video duration 01:09 Apple falls, Wall Street rallies Apple falls, Wall Street rallies Disappointing iPhone sales has led to a drop in Apple shares. Up Next Victorian budget 2017: Josh Gordon's analysis Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:27 Video duration 01:27 Victorian budget 2017: Josh Gordon's ... Victorian budget 2017: Josh Gordon's analysis What were the big ticket items from this year's Victorian budget? State political editor Josh Gordon boils it down. Up Next Victorian budget 2017: Winners and losers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:45 Video duration 02:45 Victorian budget 2017: Winners and losers Victorian budget 2017: Winners and losers Who are the winners and losers from this year's Victorian state budget? Up Next Interest rates going nowhere Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:27 Video duration 01:27 Interest rates going nowhere Interest rates going nowhere The Reserve Bank continues to keep interest rates on hold. Eryk Bagshaw explains the logic. Up Next Murray Goulburn closes processing plants Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:14 Video duration 01:14 Murray Goulburn closes processing plants Murray Goulburn closes processing plants Milk producer Murray Goulburn announces it will shut down three manufacturing facilities and write off $150m in debts owed by farmers. Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 ASX winners and losers - a snapshot ASX winners and losers - a snapshot The stand out listings traded on the Australian Stock Exchange captured at key moments through the day, as indicated by the time stamp in the video. More videos Amazon by the numbers Get to know the online retail giant before it sets up shop on Australian shores. After all, if making more money than anyone else doesn't tell you they are doing something right, it is hard to know what might. So what lessons can we learn from Bezos's rise to the top of the pile? That you should think big, innovate furiously, ignore failures, forget about obsessing over profits, and avoid major acquisitions. Those are pretty good guidelines for any business heading into the 2020s. The rising value of Bezos's net worth has been almost as relentless as the hard sell of Amazon Prime memberships over the past few years. His stake in the web giant he founded slightly over two decades ago is now worth US$81 billion. In the past five years, Amazon's share price has more than quadrupled, rising from US$220 to more than $900 as the company powers into new industries and markets. He has already overtaken Warren Buffett and Amancio Ortega, the Spanish founder of Zara owner Inditex, to become the world's second richest. It will only take a few more dollars on the share price for him to race past Gates – and given the relatively stagnant performance of his Seattle neighbour, that seems just about inevitable. Related Content $4.4b in five minutes: Bezos cashes in on Amazon share surge Tech billionaires rock global rich list Although there were times when he was briefly overtaken by Buffett, and also for a few weeks by Ortega, Gates has hung onto that title for a long time. He became the world's richest man all the way back in 1995, when it took a mere US$12.9 billion to take that slot. In the past, the title has been held by tycoons such as John D Rockefeller and Andrew Carnegie, or indeed, if you want to go back far enough, by Musa I of Mali, the 14th-century African king, who many historians now reckon was the richest person of all time, with a net worth of $400 billion in today's money. After 22 years, however, the baton appears about to pass onto a new man. So what are the lessons that every business – and investor for that matter – can learn from Bezos? Here are five of the most important. One, think big. Amazon was started in 1994 as an online books retailer. But books were only chosen because Bezos could see they were a relatively easy way into online retailing. They come in standard sizes, you don't need to try them on, they fit easily into parcels, and there was plenty of space to compete on choice and price. But its ambitions always went way beyond that. As it moved into CDs, DVDs, and then just about everything, it became clear that Bezos wanted Amazon to be the biggest retailer in the world. He was thinking big right from the beginning – and working out the best starting place to get to his ultimate destination. Advertisement Secondly, keep innovating. Amazon is now far more than just an online retailer. It has built a massive cloud computing business that serves some of the biggest web companies in the world. It is making films and TV series for its Prime streaming service. It has developed publishing, physical shops, grocery sales, own-label products, and drone delivery systems. It is rare that more than a few weeks go by without Amazon trialling something or other – right now it is making a huge push with its Alexa voice-activated assistant. Whatever it does, it invariably brings something new to it – for example, shops with no check-out staff. Most companies come up with one or two good ideas  Google's parent Alphabet has created both the search engine and the Android operating system – but Amazon comes up with dozens of them. That is hard to emulate – but it is an incredibly powerful model if you can get it right. Thirdly, don't fret about failure. As you might expect for a company that is always trying out new stuff, Amazon also has plenty of flops. Its smart phone was a complete turkey – it cost US$170 million in investment, but has made no progress so far. Its web payment service went nowhere, and so did Amazon Destinations, its travel unit. Askville, its questions and answers service, was shut down after several years of investment, and Amazon Local was no match for competitors such as Groupon. But so what? Bezos accepts that if you don't try out lots of stuff, you won't ever have more than one or two businesses. He just moves on to the next one. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Jeff Bezos is a mere $US5 billion away from the Microsoft founder Bill Gates. Photo: Bloomberg Next, profits matter much less than market share. Amazon appears to hardly care whether it makes any money. It is interested in moving into new markets, and dominating the ones where it has already established itself. Profits will take care of themselves. It is not quite as relentlessly unprofitable as it used to be – it has actually made money for eight quarters in a row now – but its overall margins are wafer-thin given its vast size. Investment in expansion is far more useful than racking up cash in the bank, like Apple, or returning it to shareholders through dividends or stock buy-backs, like just about every other major company. Investors love it – and are rewarded via the share price. Finally, forget acquisitions. It would be wrong to say that Amazon doesn't buy companies. It paid US$1.2 billion for the online shoe shop Zappos in 2009 and $900 million for the video gaming streaming site Twitch in 2014. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Bezos chose books because he could see they were a relatively easy way into online retailing.  Photo: Bloomberg There have been a steady stream of agreed takeovers. But they are all small scale stuff given the size of the company. It is clearly determined to take on Netflix in content, but it is spending massive sums on its own programmes rather than bidding for its rival. Likewise, it's trying to compete with Spotify in music, and Sainsbury's and Tesco in groceries, rather than taking them out in a bid. Most acquisitions destroy value. It is far better to build your own rival from the ground up. Amazon is far from perfect. It can ride roughshod over the competition, and it can be difficult place to work. But with its relentless drive to innovate and create new products, there could be many worse role models for entrepreneurs and business leaders. In his annual letter to shareholders last month, Bezos urged people to "experiment patiently, accept failures, plant seeds, protect saplings, and double down when you see customer delight." That formula won't work for everyone. But it is about to make Bezos the richest man in the world – and any business could do a lot worse than follow that formula. The Daily Telegraph Advertisement HuffPost Australia An Artificial Womb Has Successfully ... Contains: External link You Need To See This Steam-Powered Bike ... Contains: External link Most Popular Learning from the soon-to-be richest man on Earth Apple shifts out of the fast lane, perhaps for good Apple can't ignore Microsoft's slick, new laptop Entering the 'golden age of espionage' for hackers Australian drone gun being 'trialled in the Middle East' Follow Digital Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Technology Apple shifts out of the fast lane, perhaps for good Learning from the soon-to-be richest man on Earth Apple can't ignore Microsoft's slick, new laptop Theft of new Netflix season portends a TV crisis Entering the 'golden age of espionage' for hackers Canberra Times Australian man arrested in US for overstaying visa by 90 minutes Retirement on the cards for lucky Lotto winners The university degrees that students are avoiding in droves Australian man arrested in US over visa granted court date George Christensen reveals drastic weight loss surgery The Sydney Morning Herald Cassandra Sainsbury's plane ticket 'bought in Hong Kong' led to US tip-off Delegates stunned as Chinese protest erupts over Taiwan delegation The university degrees that students are avoiding in droves Australian man arrested in US for overstaying visa by 90 minutes Trial begins over topless photos of Duchess of Cambridge The Age Cassandra Sainsbury's plane ticket 'bought in Hong Kong' led to US tip-off Woolies races to get match fit for Amazon fight Losing my religion for equality Victorian state budget 2017: The winners and losers Office jobs boom in Docklands but no one lingers and mall is just 'sad' Brisbane Times Mystery death: Teen found dead outside tent by friends Delegates stunned as Chinese protest erupts over Taiwan delegation Cassandra Sainsbury's plane ticket 'bought in Hong Kong' led to US tip-off Brisbane venue manager on a mission to halt Hillsong theatre takeover Man charged with rape on board cruise ship WA Today Cassandra Sainsbury's plane ticket 'bought in Hong Kong' led to US tip-off Perth council's condition for owner to 'hand over 4m land for free' thrown out Health tracker shows WA suburbs with highest health risks 'Sydney doesn't want me': Jenny's heartbreaking final hours Maslin family settle with Malaysia Airlines over MH17 tragedy Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Global asset management giant abruptly removes CEO, overhauls board Ross Kerber and Tim McLaughlin, Reuters May 1, 2017, 10:09 PM 5,302 facebook linkedin twitter email print Leonardo DiCaprio portrays Jordan Belfort in the 2013 film "The Wolf of Wall Street." "The Wolf of Wall Street"/Paramount Pictures BOSTON, May 1 (Reuters) - The French parent of asset manager AllianceBernstein fired its longtime leader Peter Kraus, replacing him with a new chief executive and and new chairman, and overhauled the firm's board, according to a filing Monday that offered little explanation for the unexpected changes. New York-based AllianceBernstein, which is 64 percent owned by France's AXA SA, named JPMorgan Asset Management executive Seth Bernstein as its new CEO and Robert Zoellick, previously president of the World Bank and a former Goldman Sachs executive, as chairman. Kraus, who held the CEO and chairman titles since 2008, was "terminated" from his job as CEO, according to a securities filing. AllianceBernstein, with $497.9 billion in assets under management at the end of March, gave no hint of changes in the works when it reported earnings on Thursday. The filing also said that on Friday an AXA unit removed nine directors from the AllianceBernsteinboard, including Kraus, and the next day named replacements to fill most of the seats on the board which now has eight members. A spokesman declined to comment on the reason for the changes. Representatives at AXA's Paris headquarters were not available to comment on the moves, which came eight months after Thomas Buberl took over as CEO of the giant French insurer. AllianceBernstein shares fell 3.28 percent to $22.15. Kraus, himself a Goldman Sachs veteran, took over as CEO and chairman in 2008, just as the financial crisis gripped Wall Street. He helped shepherd AllianceBernstein in the difficult years that followed, but it has not fully recovered. AllianceBernstein's assets of $497.9 billion are well below the $800.4 billion it managed at the end of 2007. It is now dwarfed by companies with stronger lineups of passive investment products such as BlackRock Inc, which ran $5.4 trillion at the end of March. On a conference call on Monday morning, AXA Board Chairman Denis Duverne thanked Kraus for his service as CEO. "After eight years, we decided it was time to put in new leadership," Duverne said during the call. Analysts pushed for more detail on the abrupt changes at the top, but Duverne declined to say what, if anything, was lacking during Kraus' watch. Wolf of Wall Street / Paramount In a note to investors Jefferies analysts wrote the shake-up "produces more questions than answers" and that the new management structure may signal a closer alignment between AllianceBernstein and AXA, where six board members now have ties. AXA executives cited a changed industry since Kraus came in, the Jefferies analysts wrote, implying that "AXA disagreed with the strategy being pursued by the previous management team and did not want to wait until the end of Peter's contract to make changes as industry headwinds are only accelerating." Citigroup William Katz wrote however the change may not reflect strategic or financial issues because management had little other news, and that "potentially personal conflict drove the sudden change." Kraus had given no indication of changes ahead. On a conference call after the company's earnings last week, he said: "We've focused for years on rebuilding our presence and regaining relevance with retail clients and are finally where we need to be." Kraus has entered into a "cooperation agreement" with AllianceBernstein, under which he is entitled to termination benefits and salary, according to the filing. According to the filing AXA has agreed to buy from Kraus stock units worth $99.3 million. He may also receive restricted units in the future, the filing states. (Reporting by Ross Kerber and Tim McLaughlin in Boston. Additional reporting by Maya Nikolaeva in Paris.; Editing by Bill Rigby and Andrew Hay) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Germany's cabinet has approved a plan to fine social media companies up to €50 million over hate speech (FB) Prosecutor accuses Samsung chief of conspiring to hide millions of dollars in bribes (SSNLF) The world's largest tech fund is considering a $1 billion plus investment in WeWork Silicon Valley is financing the fight against Trump's immigration policy (BOX, NFLX, MSFT, AAPL) Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode SEE ALSO: Trump says he's thinking about breaking up the big banks NOW WATCH: The disturbing reason some people turn red when they drink alcohol Loading video... More: AllianceBernstein Reuters peter kraus facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Global asset management giant abruptly removes CEO, overhauls board Global asset management giant abruptly removes CEO, overhauls board BOSTON, May 1 (Reuters) - The French parent of... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured WATCH! This week's episode of The Bottom Line with Henry Blodget More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Federated Investors Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Federated Investors Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Air Lease Corp (AL) Stock Price Alliqua Biomedical (ALQA) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Allstate Corp (ALL) Given Media Impact Score of 0.46 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Amber Road (AMBR) Stock Price Altra Industrial Motion Corp (AIMC) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Itron, Inc. (ITRI) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Price Target Raised to $100.00 KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) Cut to Hold at Vertical Research Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Intel Corp (INQ) Given a $39.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Weatherford International Plc (WFT) First Midwest Bank Trust Division Acquires 1,146 Shares of Glacier Bancorp, Inc. (GBCI) IFP Advisors Inc Has $482,000 Position in Main Street Capital Co. (MAIN) Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Purchases New Position in Enbridge Inc (ENB) First Midwest Bank Trust Division Boosts Stake in Alexander & Baldwin Inc (ALEX) Taubman Centers, Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q4 2017 Earnings of $1.05 Per Share (TCO) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Boston Scientific Co. Raised by SunTrust Banks (BSX) Brunswick Co. to Post FY2017 Earnings of $4.02 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (BC) Federated Investors Inc (FII) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS May 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Federated Investors Inc (NYSE:FII) released its earnings results on Thursday. The asset manager reported $0.49 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.47 by $0.02. Federated Investors had a net margin of 18.26% and a return on equity of 32.01%. The firm earned $273.50 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $290.19 million. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.44 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. Shares of Federated Investors (NYSE:FII) traded down 1.86% during trading on Monday, reaching $26.32. 1,351,275 shares of the company were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average is $26.46 and its 200 day moving average is $27.07. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.58 billion, a PE ratio of 12.65 and a beta of 1.54. Federated Investors has a 1-year low of $24.52 and a 1-year high of $33.13. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Monday, May 8th will be issued a $0.25 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 4th. This represents a $1.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.80%. Federated Investors’s payout ratio is currently 49.26%. Several research firms have recently issued reports on FII. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reiterated an “underperform” rating on shares of Federated Investors in a report on Monday. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Federated Investors from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $31.00 target price for the company in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $28.00 target price on shares of Federated Investors and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “underweight” rating on shares of Federated Investors in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Citigroup Inc lowered their target price on shares of Federated Investors from $28.50 to $28.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $25.40. In related news, insider Gordon J. Ceresino sold 4,378 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.49, for a total transaction of $115,973.22. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 177,011 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,689,021.39. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director Gordon J. Ceresino sold 2,349 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $25.56, for a total transaction of $60,040.44. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 185,736 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,747,412.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 15,918 shares of company stock valued at $419,391 in the last three months. 10.50% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. First Bank & Trust purchased a new stake in Federated Investors during the fourth quarter worth approximately $105,000. Flinton Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in Federated Investors during the fourth quarter worth approximately $125,000. Advisory Services Network LLC purchased a new stake in Federated Investors during the first quarter worth approximately $144,000. Glassman Wealth Services purchased a new stake in Federated Investors during the fourth quarter worth approximately $170,000. Finally, LS Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Federated Investors by 6.8% in the third quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 6,049 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $179,000 after buying an additional 387 shares during the last quarter. 76.42% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/01/federated-investors-inc-fii-posts-earnings-results-beats-estimates-by-0-02-eps.html. Federated Investors Company Profile Federated Investors, Inc (Federated) is a provider of investment management products and related financial services. Federated operates through investment management business segment. It is engaged in sponsoring, marketing and providing investment-related services to various investment products, including mutual funds and Separate Accounts, which include separately managed accounts, institutional accounts, sub-advised funds and other managed products. Receive News & Ratings for Federated Investors Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Federated Investors Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Gulfport Energy Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gulfport Energy Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Air Lease Corp (AL) Stock Price Alliqua Biomedical (ALQA) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Allstate Corp (ALL) Given Media Impact Score of 0.46 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Amber Road (AMBR) Stock Price Altra Industrial Motion Corp (AIMC) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Itron, Inc. (ITRI) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Price Target Raised to $100.00 KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) Cut to Hold at Vertical Research Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Intel Corp (INQ) Given a $39.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Weatherford International Plc (WFT) First Midwest Bank Trust Division Acquires 1,146 Shares of Glacier Bancorp, Inc. (GBCI) IFP Advisors Inc Has $482,000 Position in Main Street Capital Co. (MAIN) Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Purchases New Position in Enbridge Inc (ENB) First Midwest Bank Trust Division Boosts Stake in Alexander & Baldwin Inc (ALEX) Taubman Centers, Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q4 2017 Earnings of $1.05 Per Share (TCO) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Boston Scientific Co. Raised by SunTrust Banks (BSX) Brunswick Co. to Post FY2017 Earnings of $4.02 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (BC) Brokerages Set Gulfport Energy Co. (GPOR) Price Target at $30.00 May 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Gulfport Energy Co. (NASDAQ:GPOR) has earned an average rating of “Buy” from the twenty-eight analysts that are presently covering the company. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and twenty-two have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 1 year price target among analysts that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $30.00. Several analysts recently weighed in on GPOR shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Gulfport Energy from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Wolfe Research raised shares of Gulfport Energy to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $33.00 price objective on shares of Gulfport Energy in a research note on Sunday, February 5th. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $31.00 price objective on shares of Gulfport Energy in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Finally, Johnson Rice reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Gulfport Energy in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of GPOR. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. boosted its stake in Gulfport Energy by 0.8% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 17,960 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $508,000 after buying an additional 140 shares in the last quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Gulfport Energy by 5.7% in the third quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 7,986 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $226,000 after buying an additional 430 shares in the last quarter. CSS LLC IL boosted its stake in Gulfport Energy by 9.0% in the third quarter. CSS LLC IL now owns 8,500 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $240,000 after buying an additional 700 shares in the last quarter. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund boosted its stake in Gulfport Energy by 1.5% in the first quarter. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund now owns 54,274 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $933,000 after buying an additional 800 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Gulfport Energy by 0.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 147,423 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $4,165,000 after buying an additional 1,008 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 85.13% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright law. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/01/brokerages-set-gulfport-energy-co-gpor-price-target-at-30-00.html. Gulfport Energy (NASDAQ:GPOR) traded down 1.57% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $15.63. 2,688,725 shares of the stock traded hands. The company’s market cap is $2.48 billion. Gulfport Energy has a one year low of $15.31 and a one year high of $34.67. The company’s 50-day moving average is $16.57 and its 200-day moving average is $21.13. Gulfport Energy (NASDAQ:GPOR) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday, February 13th. The oil and gas producer reported $0.34 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.22 by $0.12. The company had revenue of $202.70 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $197.91 million. During the same quarter last year, the company earned ($0.01) earnings per share. The company’s revenue was down 66.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts expect that Gulfport Energy will post $1.03 EPS for the current fiscal year. Gulfport Energy Company Profile Gulfport Energy Corporation is an oil and natural gas exploration and production company. The Company focuses on the exploitation and acquisition of natural gas, natural gas liquids and crude oil in the United States. The Company’s properties are located in the Utica Shale in Eastern Ohio and along the Louisiana Gulf Coast in the West Cote Blanche Bay (WCBB) and Hackberry fields. Receive News & Ratings for Gulfport Energy Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gulfport Energy Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Blackstone Mortgage Trust Announces Pricing Of Public Offering Of Convertible Senior Notes NEW YORK, May 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. (NYSE: BXMT) (the „Company”) today announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.375% convertible senior notes due 2022 (the „Notes”). The offering is expected to close on May  5, 2017 and is subject to customary closing conditions. The offering will generate gross proceeds of approximately $250.0 million, or $287.5 million if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional Notes solely to cover over-allotments in full. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to originate and purchase additional commercial mortgage loans and other target assets and investments consistent with its investment strategies and investment guidelines, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes, including repayment of indebtedness. The Notes will pay interest semiannually at a rate of 4.375% per annum and will mature on May 5, 2022. The Notes will have an initial conversion rate of 28.0324 shares of the Company’s class A common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $35.67 per share of the Company’s class A common stock and a conversion premium of approximately 15% based on the closing share price of $31.02 per share of the Company’s class A common stock on May 1, 2017). The initial conversion rate is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest.  Prior to February 1, 2022, the Notes will be convertible only upon certain circumstances and during certain periods, and thereafter will be convertible at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day prior to maturity. Upon conversion, holders will receive cash, shares of the Company’s class A common stock or a combination thereof at the Company’s election. Citigroup, Morgan Stanley, BofA Merrill Lynch, Barclays and  J.P. Morgan are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. The offering was made pursuant to the Company’s currently effective shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the „SEC”). The offering of these securities may be made only by means of a prospectus and a related prospectus supplement, copies of which may be obtained by contacting: Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, telephone: 800-831-9146; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014; BofA Merrill Lynch, 200 North College Street, 3rd floor, Charlotte, NC 28255-0001, Attention: Prospectus Department or email dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com; Barclays Capital Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, telephone: 888-603-5847, email: Barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com; or J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About Blackstone Mortgage Trust Blackstone Mortgage Trust (NYSE: BXMT) is a real estate finance company that originates senior loans collateralized by commercial real estate in North America and Europe. Our investment objective is to preserve and protect shareholder capital while producing attractive risk-adjusted returns primarily through dividends generated from current income from our loan portfolio. We are externally managed by BXMT Advisors L.L.C., a subsidiary of Blackstone. About Blackstone Blackstone (NYSE: BX) is one of the world’s leading investment firms. Blackstone seeks to create positive economic impact and long-term value for its investors, the companies it invests in, and the communities in which it works. Blackstone does this by using extraordinary people and flexible capital to help companies solve problems. Blackstone’s asset management businesses, with over $360 billion in assets under management, include investment vehicles focused on private equity, real estate, public debt and equity, non-investment grade credit, real assets and secondary funds, all on a global basis. Forward-looking Statements and Other Matters This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as „outlook,” „indicator,” „believes,” „expects,” „potential,” „continues,” „may,” „will,” „should,” „seeks,” „predicts,” „intends,” „plans,” „estimates,” „anticipates” or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. The Company believes these factors include but are not limited to those described under the section entitled „Risk Factors” in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, as such factors may be updated from time to time in its periodic filings with the SEC which are accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this release and in the filings. The Company assumes no obligation to update or supplement forward‐looking statements that become untrue because of subsequent events or circumstances. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/blackstone-mortgage-trust-announces-pricing-of-public-offering-of-convertible-senior-notes-300449168.html SOURCE Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. Related Links http://www.blackstone.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsStock Offering Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Start-Up Privé Porter Rises To No. 1 Global Purveyor Of Rare Hermes Bags And Moves To NYC Next PostNext CV Holdings, Inc. Update and Financial Statements For Year Ended December 31, 2016 Search Recent Posts China Lignosulphonate Market Outlook 2022: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details for Business Development Further to the Announcement on 24 April 2017 Q1 2017 Trading Update Top 5 Polyoxytetramethylene (PTMG) Manufacturers Revenue, Growth rate and Value Chain 2017-2022 First Quarter Trading Update 2017 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, May 03, 2017 2:55 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 27°C, Rain MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Trump weighs breaking up Wall Street banks (VIDEO) Tuesday May 2, 2017 08:48 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Turnbull, Trump to talk N.Korea at New York meet The Edit: You won’t want to mess with this Maori warrior The Edit: Donnie Yen due in Kuching for Asean film fest this Friday Turkish man due to testify as witness, allegedly abducted Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Trump said that a Republican replacement for the Affordable Care Act would protect Americans with pre-existing conditions at least as well as Obamacare. — Reuters picNEW YORK, May 2 — President Donald Trump said he’s actively considering a breakup of giant Wall Street banks, giving a push to efforts to revive a Depression-era law separating consumer and investment banking. “I’m looking at that right now,” Trump said of breaking up banks in a 30-minute Oval Office interview with Bloomberg News. “There’s some people that want to go back to the old system, right? So we’re going to look at that.” Trump also said he’s open to increasing the US gas tax to fund infrastructure development, in a further sign that policies unpopular with the Republican establishment are under consideration in the White House. He described higher gas taxes as acceptable to truckers—“I have one friend who’s a big trucker,” he said—as long as the proceeds are dedicated to improving US highways. Separately, Trump said he’d be willing to meet under certain conditions with North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un, against the recommendations of his political advisers, to avert a military confrontation with the US adversary. He also said that a Republican replacement for the Affordable Care Act would protect Americans with pre-existing conditions at least as well as Obamacare. Glass-steagall During the presidential campaign, Trump called for a “21st century” version of the 1933 Glass-Steagall law that required the separation of consumer and investment banking. The 2016 Republican Party platform also backed restoring the legal barrier, which was repealed in 1999 under a financial deregulation signed by then-President Bill Clinton. A handful of lawmakers blame the repeal for contributing to the 2008 financial crisis, an argument that Wall Street flatly rejects. Trump couldn’t unilaterally restore the law; Congress would have to pass a new version. Trump officials, including Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, have offered support for bringing back some version of Glass-Steagall, though they’ve offered scant details on an updated approach. Both Mnuchin and Cohn are former bankers who worked for Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Wall Street has repeatedly shrugged off politicians’ calls for bank breakups in recent years. Market reaction The KBW Bank Index of 24 major US lenders was up about 1.2 per cent yesterday before Trump’s comment sent it tumbling about a percentage point. It soon recovered most of that, and was up 0.9 per cent as trading closed in New York. Firms including JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Bank of America Corp., the nation’s two largest banks, were among companies that swooned. The Glass-Steagall law essentially split banking into two categories: deposit-taking companies backed by taxpayers that primarily made loans to businesses and consumers, and investment banks and insurers that trade and underwrite securities and create or focus on other complex instruments. Severing those businesses would prevent Americans’ nest eggs from flowing into more volatile capital markets, Congress reasoned at the time. Large banks see little interest in Congress for reviving the prohibition between commercial and investment banking, especially since lawmakers are currently bogged down with more pressing issues like repealing Obamacare and passing a tax overhaul.  Only one Republican in the Senate, John McCain of Arizona, has endorsed a proposal by Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts to reinstate Glass-Steagall. That signals that passing any legislation will be an uphill battle. During meetings with bank executives at the Treasury Department about Trump’s February executive order on financial rules, the topic of Glass-Steagall has rarely come up. “This isn’t a near or even medium term threat,” said Ian Katz, an analyst at Capital Alpha Partners LLC who follows bank regulation. Economic boost Promoting the tax overhaul outline his administration released last week, Trump said the tax cuts he’s seeking would, along with renegotiated trade agreements, serve as badly needed stimulus for the economy. The president called first-quarter economic growth, which the Commerce Department said declined to a 0.7 per cent annual rate, “really bad.” Although he’s taken credit for monthly job growth figures and stock market gains since entering office on January 20, Trump said he’s not responsible for the GDP number. “The first quarter, second quarter really isn’t my quarter. That’s really a leftover from — in all fairness, I just got here,” he said. “So you’re growing at 1 per cent or less in the country, so we need something, we need a stimulus.” Trump touched on a host of foreign and domestic issues during the interview. Honoured to do it Addressing the most urgent foreign policy and national security issue before him, Trump said he’d be willing to meet with North Korean leader Kim “under the right circumstances” if it would result in defusing tension on the Korean Peninsula. “If it would be appropriate for me to meet with him, I would absolutely, I would be honoured to do it,” Trump said. “Most political people would never say that,” he said, “but I’m telling you under the right circumstances I would meet with him.” No US president has had direct contact with the North Korean regime and any contacts between the two nations have been limited since the signing of an armistice that halted the Korean War in 1953. Kim has never met with a foreign leader since taking charge after his father’s death in 2011 and hasn’t left his isolated country. Trump also defended his White House invitation to Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who’s come under criticism from human rights groups for a brutal crackdown on the drug trade. “The Philippines is very important to me strategically and militarily,” Trump said. “He’s been very, very tough on that drug problem but he has a massive drug problem.” — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Ringgit extends gains against US dollar at opening Apple posts surprise dip in iPhone sales, shares fall (VIDEO) Service workers' union calls for probe on McDonald's rent policies Asia stocks ride global momentum, US dollar up on rate hike bets Oil rebounds on US stocks drawdown, declining Opec compliance weighs Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Petronas Dagangan registers record profit in 34 years KL’s largest urban entertainment, F&B and retail hub to be ready by 2018 Standard Chartered rolls out 20-week maternity leave in Malaysia Why are global players chasing Proton? Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Pregnant Serena Williams poses for photographs with fiance Alexis Ohanian MMOTV: CCTV recordings show alleged abduction of Turkish eyewitness How is whiskey made? Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Related Articles Wall Street edges up on heavy earnings day, Fed on tap Wall Street flat as Fed meet kicks off; Nasdaq hits record Ringgit rebounds as Asia’s FX laggards turn leaders of pack KL shares remain in positive territory at midday KL shares extend positive run to mid-morning Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Givaudan Sa - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Givaudan Sa with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $165.67 Million in Sales Expected for Tallgrass Energy GP LP (TEGP) This Quarter -$0.16 EPS Expected for On Deck Capital Inc (ONDK) This Quarter Brightcove Inc (BCOV) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Broadway Financial Corp (BYFC) Announces Earnings Results China Commercial Credit (CCCR) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Analysis Shows Care Capital Properties (CCP) Earns News Impact Score of 0.38 Calamos Convertible & Hi Income Fund (CHY) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.56 CSI Compressco (CCLP) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of -0.04 Calamos Conv. Opptys. & Income Fund (CHI) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds BlackRock Global Opportunities Equity Tr (BOE) Getting Very Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Cytosorbents Corp (CTSO) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.44 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Piper Jaffray Companies Silicon Laboratories (SLAB) PT Raised to $85.00 at DA Davidson Cantor Fitzgerald Boosts Shutterfly, Inc. (SFLY) Price Target to $57.00 Symantec Co. (SYMC) Shares Bought by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC E I Du Pont De Nemours And’s (DD) “Sector Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Insider Selling: bluebird bio Inc (BLUE) Director Sells $173,500.00 in Stock Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Givaudan Sa (GVDNY) May 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of firms have modified their ratings and price targets on shares of Givaudan Sa (NASDAQ: GVDNY) recently: 4/18/2017 – Givaudan Sa had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. 4/18/2017 – Givaudan Sa had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Berenberg Bank. 4/18/2017 – Givaudan Sa had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Baader Bank. 4/12/2017 – Givaudan Sa had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Kepler Capital Markets. 4/12/2017 – Givaudan Sa had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. 4/12/2017 – Givaudan Sa had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 4/11/2017 – Givaudan Sa had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. 3/28/2017 – Givaudan Sa had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 3/27/2017 – Givaudan Sa had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. 3/17/2017 – Givaudan Sa had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 3/17/2017 – Givaudan Sa had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. Shares of Givaudan Sa (NASDAQ:GVDNY) traded down 0.34% on Monday, hitting $38.49. The stock had a trading volume of 11,299 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $37.07 and a 200 day moving average of $36.60. Givaudan Sa has a 1-year low of $34.44 and a 1-year high of $42.92. The company has a market capitalization of $17.71 billion and a PE ratio of 27.70. Receive News & Ratings for Givaudan Sa Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Givaudan Sa and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Real Estate LATEST NEWS China's military pact with North Korea looks shaky FBI Director Comey was best thing to happen to Hillay Clinton: Donald Trump Income tax commissioner arrested on graft charges Triple talaq: Supreme Court allows Salman Khurshid to assist as amicus curiae Shocking! Father carries son's body on shoulder after hospital denies help Relief map for Greek debt? Not without a fight or two Apple's dilemma: What to do with $256 billion cash pile Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Wealth Tax Save Invest Insure Spend Borrow Earn Plan Real Estate Mutual Funds Personal Finance News TomorrowMakers More Data CenterPenny StocksHealth Insurance RatingsMF Ratings & NAVTop Performing SchemesTop Star Rated SchemesTop Tax Saving SchemesHighest Risk Adjusted ReturnNew Fund OffersForthcoming DividendsETFPerfomanceLatest PricesListed BondsTraded in Cash MarketULIPsULIP Schemes CalculatorsHouse Property IncomeHRA CalculatorSukanya Samriddhi CalculatorEducation Loan CalculatorCar Loan CalculatorHome Loan CalculatorPersonal Loan CalculatorRisk Tolerance CalculatorFinancial Fitness CalculatorTax Impact CalculatorHomeloan Refinance CalculatorRetirement Savings Calculator Buy OnlineNewCar Insurance2 Wheeler InsuranceInterest RatesBank Fixed Deposits RatesPost Office Schemes RatesMCLRLoan EMIParticipate & WinStocks & SharesMutual Funds SurveyReal Estate SurveyET SurveySubscribeET RICS SurveyET WealthET Wealth EditionsBuy Wealth MagazineET Wealth Newsletter RERA and You ET Home›Wealth›Real Estate 12:24 PM | 03 Maymarket stats SENSEX 29,916-4.90 NIFTY 50 9,3140.60 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,560-22.00 USD/INR 64.14-0.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments India property developers on notice: Clean up act or go to jail Bloomberg| Updated: May 03, 2017, 12.11 PM IST READ MORE ON » Residential real estate | RERA | Real Estate Regulation and development Act | real estate Act | property prices | Property Index Real estate has long been a place where Indians have parked cash, often using money on which taxes haven't been paid. By Pooja Thakur Under laws that came into force Monday, developers have to use at least 70 percent of sale proceeds to complete residential projects, rather than funnel money to other jobs, and will no longer be allowed to start pre-selling apartments before all building approvals are obtained. Developers who don't comply with the new laws face up to three years in jail. The moves are aimed at cleaning up an industry where more than 30 percent of housing projects run at least a year over schedule, and developers are known for corner-cutting tactics such as starting work before all approvals are granted and using sub-standard materials. Developers accused of wrongdoing have seen their shares tumble, even as the main property index has surged this year. The changes may wipe out thousands of small developers who can't comply, according to property consultancy Liases Foras Real Estate Rating & Research Pvt. "The new law was required as a deterrent," said Pankaj Kapoor, founder of Liases Foras. "Now developers won't be able to misuse and siphon money in the manner they did in the past. Many builders who didn't have the net worth were leveraging themselves beyond their means. Those loopholes are being plugged." Under the new laws, developers will be required to post quarterly updates on the progress of projects on the regulator's website, and any defects found within five years must be fixed by the developer free-of-charge within 30 days. The tougher regime expands a crackdown on errant developers that has seen executives from Unitech Ltd., Orbit Corp. and Hubtown Ltd. arrested or jailed on a range of charges from fraud to failing to meet deadlines for finishing homes. Homebuyer Boost The owners of Unitech, brothers Sanjay and Ajay Chandra, were last month arrested on charges of cheating homebuyers and delaying the building of houses. Pujit Aggarwal, the chief executive officer of Orbit Corp. was jailed in September on cheating charges, while Hubtown's Vimal Shah was arrested for fraud and siphoning money from a state-sponsored housing project. Shah and the Chandra brothers are out on bail while Aggarwal is still in jail. Orbit shares have slumped almost 50 percent since July, and Unitech has declined 32 percent in the same time. However, developers have rallied this year, with the S&P BSE India Realty Index gaining 55 percent, outstripping a 12 percent advance in the broader S&P BSE Sensex Index. The new laws will increase homebuyers' confidence in the industry by forcing out fly-by-night developers, giving an edge to established firms, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co. Also Read: All about how the new Real Estate Act impacts homebuyers Changes Welcomed Developers have also welcomed the changes. The laws will improve consumer confidence and push unprofessional companies from the sector, said Abhishek Lodha, managing director of Lodha Group, one of India's largest property developers. Smaller developers may struggle to stay afloat as the new laws impose costly restrictions on them, Pirojsha Godrej, the chairman of Godrej Properties Ltd. said last year. He estimates that only a few hundred of nation's thousands of developers will survive. Still, the impact of the changes may be diluted as each state government needs to ratify the laws, and some are still to do so. Despite the fact that the deadline has passed, only nine Indian states and six union territories so far have taken steps to implement the rules, according to a report from CRISIL Research. The report also found that many states have diluted some crucial aspects of the law. Home sales, which slumped in the wake of the government's surprise November ban on some high-denomination currency notes, have since shown some signs of a recovery, according to PropTiger.com, an Indian real estate advisory firm. Sales across nine cities rose 19 percent in the three months ended March 31, rebounding from a 20 percent slump the previous quarter, the data showed. Prices Hit Real estate has long been a place where Indians have parked cash, often using money on which taxes haven't been paid. Property prices have also taken a hit since the currency ban and home prices may decline 20 percent and land prices could plummet as much as 25 percent, according to analysts' projections. "The housing market cannot hope to begin flourishing again unless there is a very supportive regulatory environment that governs it," said Mumbai-based Anuj Puri, chairman of JLL Residential. Builders often acquired and built on plots which didn't have clear ownership titles and development permission, Puri said. Some builders have accepted cash payments, cheating the government of stamp duty and registration revenues, he said. "With the law kicking in, the time has finally come for homebuyers in India to breathe free and invest confidently," Puri said. "No more will unscrupulous smaller builders, or even larger organized developers, be able to take buyers for a ride." READ MORE ON » Residential real estate | RERA | Real Estate Regulation and development Act | real estate Act | property prices | Property Index Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebMCD Election Result|RERA Bahubali 2|BSE Sensex DD vs SRH|Gold rate today Sensex Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. 1India property developers on notice: Clean up act or go to jail India property developers on notice: Clean up act or go to jail How well has your state complied with RERA rules? Here's a ready reckoner Not yet received possession of flat? Here's how RERA can help you ​RERA roadmap in Bengal still not clear Even real estate brokers are covered under RERA How states shortchange homebuyers by taking the sting out of RERA RERA makes home buyers the king, builders to benefit from buyers' confidence: Naidu Builders must declare projects as Rera-compliant from today: Credai BJP-ruled states dilute norms to keep ongoing projects out of RERA States, Union Territories dilute RERA to favour realtors BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
MCD elections results | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Wed, May 03 2017. 10 23 AM IST Real Estate Act puts developers on notice to clean up act or go to jail Developers who don’t comply with the new Real Estate Act will have to face up to three years in jail Subscribe to our newsletter. Pooja Thakur Under the new laws, developers will be required to post quarterly updates on the progress of projects on the regulator’s website. Photo: Mint Singapore: India’s notoriously unreliable property developers have been put on notice: clean up your act, or you could end up in jail. Under laws that came into force Monday, developers have to use at least 70% of sale proceeds to complete residential projects, rather than funnel money to other jobs, and will no longer be allowed to start pre-selling apartments before all building approvals are obtained. Developers who don’t comply with the new laws will face up to three years in jail. The moves are aimed at cleaning up an industry where more than 30% of housing projects run at least a year over schedule, and developers are known for corner-cutting tactics such as starting work before all approvals are granted and using sub-standard materials. Developers accused of wrongdoing have seen their shares tumble, even as the main property index has surged this year. The changes may wipe out thousands of small developers who can’t comply, according to property consultancy Liases Foras Real Estate Rating & Research Pvt. “The new law was required as a deterrent,” said Pankaj Kapoor, founder of Liases Foras. “Now developers won’t be able to misuse and siphon money in the manner they did in the past. Many builders who didn’t have the net worth were leveraging themselves beyond their means. Those loopholes are being plugged.” Also Read: Is India ready for RERA? Under the new laws, developers will be required to post quarterly updates on the progress of projects on the regulator’s website, and any defects found within five years must be fixed by the developer free-of-charge within 30 days. The tougher regime expands a crackdown on errant developers that has seen executives from Unitech Ltd, Orbit Corp. and Hubtown Ltd arrested or jailed on a range of charges from fraud to failing to meet deadlines for finishing homes. Homebuyer boost The owners of Unitech, brothers Sanjay and Ajay Chandra, were last month arrested on charges of cheating homebuyers and delaying the building of houses. Pujit Aggarwal, the chief executive officer of Orbit Corp. was jailed in September on cheating charges, while Hubtown’s Vimal Shah was arrested for fraud and siphoning money from a state-sponsored housing project. Shah and the Chandra brothers are out on bail while Aggarwal is still in jail. Orbit shares have slumped almost 50% since July, and Unitech has declined 32% in the same time. However, developers have rallied this year, with the S&P BSE India Realty Index gaining 55%, outstripping a 12% advance in the broader S&P BSE Sensex Index. The new laws will increase homebuyers’ confidence in the industry by forcing out fly-by-night developers, giving an edge to established firms, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co. Changes welcomed Developers have also welcomed the changes. The laws will improve consumer confidence and push unprofessional companies from the sector, said Abhishek Lodha, managing director of Lodha Group, one of India’s largest property developers. Smaller developers may struggle to stay afloat as the new laws impose costly restrictions on them, Pirojsha Godrej, the chairman of Godrej Properties Ltd said last year. He estimates that only a few hundred of nation’s thousands of developers will survive. Also Read: The Real Estate Act is a potential game changer Still, the impact of the changes may be diluted as each state government needs to ratify the laws, and some are still to do so. Despite the fact that the deadline has passed, only nine Indian states and six union territories so far have taken steps to implement the rules, according to a report from CRISIL Research. The report also found that many states have diluted some crucial aspects of the law. Home sales, which slumped in the wake of the government’s surprise November ban on some high-denomination currency notes, have since shown some signs of a recovery, according to PropTiger.com, an Indian real estate advisory firm. Sales across nine cities rose 19% in the three months ended March 31, rebounding from a 20% slump the previous quarter, the data showed. Prices hit Real estate has long been a place where Indians have parked cash, often using money on which taxes haven’t been paid. Property prices have also taken a hit since the currency ban and home prices may decline 20% and land prices could plummet as much as 25%, according to analysts’ projections. Also Read: Real Estate Act comes into force today, only 13 states notify rules “The housing market cannot hope to begin flourishing again unless there is a very supportive regulatory environment that governs it,” said Mumbai-based Anuj Puri, chairman of JLL Residential. Builders often acquired and built on plots which didn’t have clear ownership titles and development permission, Puri said. Some builders have accepted cash payments, cheating the government of stamp duty and registration revenues, he said. “With the law kicking in, the time has finally come for homebuyers in India to breathe free and invest confidently,” Puri said. “No more will unscrupulous smaller builders, or even larger organized developers, be able to take buyers for a ride.” Bloomberg Pooja Thakur Topics: Property Developers Real estate Real estate act Homebuyers Property price More From Livemint READ MORE Flipkart Summer Shopping Days Sale is all about genuine discounts Test of US defence against North Korea missiles set this month SAT admits Reliance Industries’ plea against Sebi ban First Published: Wed, May 03 2017. 09 35 AM IST Editor's Picks SoftBank takes Snapdeal closer to Flipkart sale but yet to seal terms Madhya Pradesh decides to change to January-December fiscal year Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers after Donald Trump targets H1B visas Latest News Flipkart Summer Shopping Days Sale is all about genuine discounts Test of US defence against North Korea missiles set this month SAT admits Reliance Industries’ plea against Sebi ban Populism is great for stock buyers ‘Baahubali 2’ dominates cinemas in April Mint On Sunday The private lives of Delhi’s LGBT youth Getting Justin Bieber to India is very, very hard work 2003 World Cup final: If only India had chosen to bat first... E. coli: Why so famous? Maria Sharapova returns, so do the questions Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BHP Billiton plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BHP Billiton plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BHP Billiton plc (BBL) Position Increased by Wrapmanager Inc. Capital One National Association Invests $5.948 Million in American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) 9,222 Shares in Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Acquired by Wrapmanager Inc. SignalPoint Asset Management LLC Has $888,000 Stake in Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Patterson Companies, Inc. (PDCO) Shares Bought by Wrapmanager Inc. Capital One National Association Has $2.949 Million Position in MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Gartner Inc (IT) Position Increased by Wrapmanager Inc. Pool Co. (POOL) Shares Bought by Capital One National Association Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Position Raised by Signature Estate & Investment Advisors LLC Wrapmanager Inc. Buys 819 Shares of Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCA) Maiden Holdings (MHLD) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Essex Property Trust (ESS) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.37 Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds Costamare (CMRE) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.36 Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact CU Bancorp (CUNB) Stock Price Deutsche Strategic Income Trust (KST) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.36 Chicago Equity Partners LLC Acquires 109,230 Shares of Toro Co (TTC) Trillium Asset Management LLC Increases Stake in Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Trillium Asset Management LLC Buys 10,126 Shares of Umpqua Holdings Corp (UMPQ) Msci Inc (MSCI) Stake Raised by Trillium Asset Management LLC BHP Billiton plc (BBL) Position Increased by Wrapmanager Inc. May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Wrapmanager Inc. raised its stake in shares of BHP Billiton plc (NYSE:BBL) by 33.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 14,215 shares of the mining company’s stock after buying an additional 3,557 shares during the period. Wrapmanager Inc.’s holdings in BHP Billiton plc were worth $443,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. Morgan Stanley increased its stake in shares of BHP Billiton plc by 91.2% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 2,664,264 shares of the mining company’s stock valued at $80,941,000 after buying an additional 1,270,518 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of BHP Billiton plc by 1.8% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,135,218 shares of the mining company’s stock valued at $67,174,000 after buying an additional 37,275 shares during the period. Nikko Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its stake in shares of BHP Billiton plc by 8.4% in the first quarter. Nikko Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 2,073,112 shares of the mining company’s stock valued at $64,577,000 after buying an additional 159,800 shares during the period. Elliott Management Corp increased its stake in shares of BHP Billiton plc by 157.5% in the fourth quarter. Elliott Management Corp now owns 2,010,151 shares of the mining company’s stock valued at $63,239,000 after buying an additional 1,229,400 shares during the period. Finally, Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of BHP Billiton plc during the third quarter valued at about $58,251,000. 3.89% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. BHP Billiton plc (NYSE:BBL) traded down 1.26% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $30.50. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,407,048 shares. BHP Billiton plc has a 12-month low of $22.37 and a 12-month high of $37.44. The company has a market cap of $81.16 billion, a PE ratio of 32.73 and a beta of 1.20. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $31.56 and its 200-day moving average is $32.72. WARNING: “BHP Billiton plc (BBL) Position Increased by Wrapmanager Inc.” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/bhp-billiton-plc-bbl-position-increased-by-wrapmanager-inc.html. Several analysts recently issued reports on BBL shares. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 target price on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a research note on Sunday, January 8th. Zacks Investment Research raised BHP Billiton plc from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $35.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Monday, April 17th. Citigroup Inc reissued a “buy” rating on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “sell” rating on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a research note on Friday, January 6th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $37.50. BHP Billiton plc Company Profile BHP Billiton Plc is a global resources company. The Company is a producer of various commodities, including iron ore, metallurgical coal, copper and uranium. Its segments include Petroleum, Copper, Iron Ore and Coal. The Petroleum segment is engaged in the exploration, development and production of oil and gas. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BBL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for BHP Billiton plc (NYSE:BBL). Receive News & Ratings for BHP Billiton plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BHP Billiton plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CNOOC Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CNOOC Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alpha Cubed Investments LLC Holds Position in FireEye Inc (FEYE) East West Bancorp, Inc. (EWBC) Shares Bought by Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC CNOOC Ltd (CEO) Stake Increased by Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Cott Co. (COT) Position Maintained by Davis Rea LTD. Commscope Holding Company Inc (COMM) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Columbia Banking System Inc (COLB) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research RDS-A (RDS-A) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages MFS Municipal Income Trust (MFM) to Issue Dividend Increase – $0.03 Per Share CoStar Group (CSGP) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Positive Press Coverage Unlikely to Impact Pacific Drilling SA (PACD) Stock Price Cellular Biomedicine Group (CBMG) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect NBT Bancorp (NBTB) Stock Price Strategic Financial Group LLC Cuts Stake in Masco Corp (MAS) Simmons First National Co. (SFNC) Position Held by Strategic Financial Group LLC Searle & CO. Continues to Hold Stake in Targa Resources Corp (TRGP) Searle & CO. Has $395,000 Stake in GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Hoegh LNG Partners LP (HMLP) Stake Increased by Nwam LLC CONE Midstream Partners LP (CNNX) Position Lowered by Nwam LLC Nwam LLC Raises Stake in YPF SA (YPF) Nextera Energy Partners LP (NEP) Stake Maintained by Searle & CO. CNOOC Ltd (CEO) Stake Increased by Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC raised its stake in CNOOC Ltd (NYSE:CEO) by 10.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 21,543 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock after buying an additional 2,066 shares during the period. Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC’s holdings in CNOOC were worth $2,581,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC boosted its position in CNOOC by 1.1% in the third quarter. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC now owns 2,331 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $295,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the last quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. boosted its position in CNOOC by 2.9% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 1,609 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $202,000 after buying an additional 46 shares during the last quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in CNOOC by 2.2% in the fourth quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. now owns 2,739 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $339,000 after buying an additional 60 shares during the last quarter. BB&T Corp boosted its position in CNOOC by 1.3% in the first quarter. BB&T Corp now owns 5,482 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $657,000 after buying an additional 70 shares during the last quarter. Finally, PNC Financial Services Group Inc. boosted its position in CNOOC by 9.4% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 1,266 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $160,000 after buying an additional 109 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 4.70% of the company’s stock. Shares of CNOOC Ltd (NYSE:CEO) traded down 1.62% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $114.50. The stock had a trading volume of 86,833 shares. The company has a market cap of $51.12 billion, a P/E ratio of 1145.00 and a beta of 0.98. CNOOC Ltd has a one year low of $112.32 and a one year high of $138.36. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $118.26 and a 200-day moving average of $124.24. The company also recently announced a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, July 25th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 8th will be issued a $2.961 dividend. This represents a yield of 4.95%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, June 6th. This is an increase from CNOOC’s previous semiannual dividend of $1.55. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/cnooc-ltd-ceo-stake-increased-by-pillar-pacific-capital-management-llc.html. Several equities analysts have issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded CNOOC from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded CNOOC from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Citigroup Inc upgraded CNOOC from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Macquarie upgraded CNOOC from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc upgraded CNOOC from a “reduce” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, March 24th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. CNOOC presently has a consensus rating of “Buy”. About CNOOC CNOOC Limited is a Hong Kong-based investment holding company principally engaged in the exploration, production and trading of oil and gas. Its businesses include conventional oil and gas businesses, shale oil and gas businesses, oil sands businesses and other unconventional oil and gas businesses. The Company mainly operates through three segments. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CEO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CNOOC Ltd (NYSE:CEO). Receive News & Ratings for CNOOC Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CNOOC Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance YPF SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for YPF SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Strategic Financial Group LLC Cuts Stake in Masco Corp (MAS) Simmons First National Co. (SFNC) Position Held by Strategic Financial Group LLC Searle & CO. Continues to Hold Stake in Targa Resources Corp (TRGP) Searle & CO. Has $395,000 Stake in GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Hoegh LNG Partners LP (HMLP) Stake Increased by Nwam LLC CONE Midstream Partners LP (CNNX) Position Lowered by Nwam LLC Nwam LLC Raises Stake in YPF SA (YPF) Nextera Energy Partners LP (NEP) Stake Maintained by Searle & CO. Nwam LLC Increases Position in New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Gerdau SA (GGB) Stake Raised by Nwam LLC $0.47 Earnings Per Share Expected for Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Expect Ensco Plc (ESV) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.05 Per Share $0.91 EPS Expected for Mylan (MYL) This Quarter WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance LSV Asset Management Sells 302,700 Shares of Trinity Industries Inc (TRN) LSV Asset Management Sells 139,000 Shares of Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) LSV Asset Management Sells 250,490 Shares of Assurant, Inc. (AIZ) Ryder System, Inc. (R) Position Cut by LSV Asset Management Goldcorp Inc. (GG) Position Lowered by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Shares Sold by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Nwam LLC Raises Stake in YPF SA (YPF) May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Nwam LLC raised its position in YPF SA (NYSE:YPF) by 2.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 17,832 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock after buying an additional 500 shares during the period. Nwam LLC’s holdings in YPF SA were worth $433,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in shares of YPF SA by 14.9% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 340,645 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock worth $8,268,000 after buying an additional 44,052 shares during the last quarter. Deltec Asset Management LLC increased its stake in shares of YPF SA by 12.9% in the first quarter. Deltec Asset Management LLC now owns 113,710 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $2,761,000 after buying an additional 13,000 shares during the period. Profund Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of YPF SA by 132.4% in the first quarter. Profund Advisors LLC now owns 30,186 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $733,000 after buying an additional 17,198 shares during the period. Creative Planning increased its stake in shares of YPF SA by 41.6% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 76,559 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $1,859,000 after buying an additional 22,504 shares during the period. Finally, VR Advisory Services Ltd purchased a new stake in shares of YPF SA during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $5,570,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 28.07% of the company’s stock. Shares of YPF SA (NYSE:YPF) traded up 0.71% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $25.61. 689,360 shares of the company traded hands. The stock’s market capitalization is $10.13 billion. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $24.66 and its 200 day moving average is $20.28. YPF SA has a 12-month low of $15.00 and a 12-month high of $26.48. WARNING: “Nwam LLC Raises Stake in YPF SA (YPF)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/nwam-llc-raises-stake-in-ypf-sa-ypf.html. Several equities research analysts recently commented on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “market perform” rating on shares of YPF SA in a research report on Friday, April 14th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “underweight” rating on shares of YPF SA in a research report on Tuesday. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of YPF SA from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. YPF SA Company Profile YPF Sociedad Anonima (YPF) is an energy company. The Company is operating a fully integrated oil and gas chain. The Company operates through the segments, including Exploration and Production, Downstream, and Corporate and Other. The Company’s Exploration and Production segment includes exploration and production activities, natural gas and crude oil purchases, sales of natural gas, and to a lesser extent crude oil, to third parties and intersegment sales of crude oil, natural gas and its byproducts. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding YPF? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for YPF SA (NYSE:YPF). Receive News & Ratings for YPF SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for YPF SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hi-Crush Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hi-Crush Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Genworth Financial Inc (GNW) Given Hold Rating at Wells Fargo & Co Univar Inc (UNVR) Given Buy Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Hi-Crush Partners LP (HCLP) Verisk Analytics’ (VRSK) Buy Rating Reiterated at Cantor Fitzgerald BHP Billiton plc (BBL) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.11 American Axle & Manufact. Holdings (AXL) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.01 Hussman Strategic Advisors Inc. Has $6,828,000 Position in Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) ING Groep NV Continues to Hold Stake in Westar Energy Inc (WR) 356,668 Shares in Panera Bread Co (PNRA) Acquired by ING Groep NV Expeditors International of Washington (EXPD) Stake Held by Hussman Strategic Advisors Inc. ING Groep NV Takes Position in Western Refining Logistics LP (WNRL) 50,000 Shares in AGCO Co. (AGCO) Acquired by Hussman Strategic Advisors Inc. ING Groep NV Raises Stake in WhiteWave Foods Co (WWAV) 75,000 Shares in Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Acquired by Hussman Strategic Advisors Inc. ING Groep NV Lowers Position in Agrium Inc. (AGU) APG Asset Management N.V. Has $46.332 Million Stake in BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Avianca Holdings SA (AVH) Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Cempra Inc (CEMP) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Town Sports International Holdings, Inc. (CLUB) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Cushing Energy Income Fund (SRF) Announces $0.04 Monthly Dividend Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Hi-Crush Partners LP (HCLP) May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Hi-Crush Partners LP (NYSE:HCLP)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by research analysts at Jefferies Group LLC in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. They currently have a $30.00 price target on the basic materials company’s stock. Jefferies Group LLC’s price target indicates a potential upside of 104.08% from the stock’s current price. HCLP has been the topic of several other research reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Hi-Crush Partners from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $21.00 price target on the stock in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Guggenheim reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Hi-Crush Partners in a report on Monday, March 27th. Finally, Wunderlich upgraded Hi-Crush Partners from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $20.00 to $29.00 in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Hi-Crush Partners has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $20.38. Shares of Hi-Crush Partners (NYSE:HCLP) traded up 2.08% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $14.70. The company had a trading volume of 2,082,959 shares. Hi-Crush Partners has a 12-month low of $5.50 and a 12-month high of $23.30. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $15.93 and its 200-day moving average is $17.72. The stock’s market capitalization is $936.35 million. Hi-Crush Partners (NYSE:HCLP) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The basic materials company reported ($0.07) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.03) by $0.04. The firm earned $83.40 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $84.31 million. Hi-Crush Partners had a negative return on equity of 14.63% and a negative net margin of 29.58%. The firm’s revenue was up 60.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted ($0.48) EPS. On average, equities research analysts predict that Hi-Crush Partners will post $0.47 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Hi-Crush Partners LP (HCLP)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/jefferies-group-llc-reaffirms-buy-rating-for-hi-crush-partners-lp-hclp.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Bank of Montreal Can bought a new position in Hi-Crush Partners during the third quarter worth $1,902,000. Winfield Associates Inc. raised its position in Hi-Crush Partners by 20.8% in the third quarter. Winfield Associates Inc. now owns 31,700 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $486,000 after buying an additional 5,450 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Hi-Crush Partners by 9.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 475,818 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $7,299,000 after buying an additional 41,974 shares in the last quarter. BB&T Securities LLC bought a new position in Hi-Crush Partners during the third quarter worth $423,000. Finally, Morgan Stanley raised its position in Hi-Crush Partners by 70.9% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 6,467,986 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $99,219,000 after buying an additional 2,683,288 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 41.42% of the company’s stock. About Hi-Crush Partners Hi-Crush Partners LP is an integrated producer, transporter, marketer and distributor of monocrystalline sand, a specialized mineral that is used as a proppant to manage the recovery rates of hydrocarbons from oil and natural gas wells. Its reserves consist of northern white sand, a resource in Wisconsin and limited portions of the upper Midwest region of the United States. Receive News & Ratings for Hi-Crush Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hi-Crush Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance First Horizon National Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Horizon National Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Interactive Intelligence Group (ININ) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.19 Intercept Pharmaceuticals (ICPT) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.16 Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Insider Gary J. Goldberg Sells 1,000 Shares Financial Institutions (FISI) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.31 First Horizon National Corp (FHN) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Jean Jacques Bienaime Purchases 500 Shares of Incyte Co. (INCY) Stock Insider Selling: Qualys Inc (QLYS) VP Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock David A. Lemoine Sells 1,524 Shares of Insulet Co. (PODD) Stock Graco Inc. (GGG) Director Eric Etchart Sells 415 Shares Richmont Mines Inc. (RIC) to Release Earnings on Thursday PROS Holdings, Inc. (PRO) Issues Q2 Earnings Guidance Analysts Anticipate New Relic Inc (NEWR) to Announce -$0.30 EPS $1.24 Earnings Per Share Expected for CME Group Inc (CME) This Quarter 48,580 Shares in Equity Residential (EQR) Acquired by Amica Pension Fund Board of Trustees Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Decreases Stake in GoPro Inc (GPRO) C WorldWide Group Holding A S Purchases 16,118 Shares of Oxford Immunotec Global PLC (OXFD) C WorldWide Group Holding A S Purchases 11,436 Shares of Incyte Co. (INCY) PACCAR Inc (PCAR) Position Maintained by Amica Pension Fund Board of Trustees Very Positive Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact Modine Manufacturing (MOD) Stock Price Mobileiron (MOBL) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.47 First Horizon National Corp (FHN) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media coverage about First Horizon National Corp (NYSE:FHN) has trended somewhat positive recently, according to AlphaOne. AlphaOne, a service of Accern, identifies positive and negative press coverage by reviewing more than 20 million blog and news sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. First Horizon National Corp earned a daily sentiment score of 0.16 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned media stories about the financial services provider an impact score of 0 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is extremely unlikely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the near term. These are some of the media stories that may have impacted Alpha One Sentiment’s rankings: First Horizon honored by American Heart Association (finance.yahoo.com) Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact First Horizon National Corp (FHN) Stock Price (americanbankingnews.com) First Horizon National Corp. (Tennessee) breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : FHN-US : April 27, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact First Horizon National Corp (FHN) Share Price (americanbankingnews.com) First Horizon National Corporation (NYSE:FHN) Up 4.03%, Can the Run Continue? (ekosvoice.com) First Horizon National Corp (NYSE:FHN) traded down 1.22% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $18.56. 1,287,033 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $18.47 and a 200-day moving average price of $18.79. First Horizon National Corp has a 12 month low of $12.46 and a 12 month high of $20.84. The stock has a market cap of $4.34 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.13 and a beta of 1.17. First Horizon National Corp (NYSE:FHN) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $0.23 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.23. The firm earned $306.65 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $324.31 million. First Horizon National Corp had a net margin of 16.57% and a return on equity of 8.73%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up .1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.20 EPS. On average, equities analysts forecast that First Horizon National Corp will post $1.11 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Investors of record on Friday, June 9th will be given a dividend of $0.09 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 7th. This represents a $0.36 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.94%. First Horizon National Corp’s payout ratio is currently 29.79%. Several research analysts have issued reports on FHN shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded First Horizon National Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Wells Fargo & Co upgraded First Horizon National Corp from an “underperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research report on Monday, January 9th. JMP Securities started coverage on First Horizon National Corp in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. They set a “market perform” rating for the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered First Horizon National Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “buy” rating and set a $21.00 target price on shares of First Horizon National Corp in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $18.93. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “First Horizon National Corp (FHN) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/first-horizon-national-corp-fhn-getting-somewhat-favorable-news-coverage-report-shows.html. In related news, EVP John M. Daniel sold 28,987 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.96, for a total transaction of $578,580.52. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 259,042 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,170,478.32. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Company insiders own 2.40% of the company’s stock. About First Horizon National Corp First Horizon National Corporation (FHN) is a bank holding company. The Company provides financial services through its subsidiary, First Tennessee Bank National Association (the Bank). The Company has four segments: regional banking, fixed income, corporate and non-strategic. The Company’s regional banking segment offers financial products and services, including traditional lending and deposit taking, to retail and commercial customers in Tennessee and other selected markets. Receive News & Ratings for First Horizon National Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Horizon National Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Dhiraj Singh/Bloomberg India Property Developers on Notice: Clean Up Act or Go to Jail by Pooja Thakur Mahrotri More stories by Pooja Thakur Mahrotri May 2, 2017, 7:30 PM EDT New laws to tackle chronic building delays, restore confidence Property developers face three years jail for non-compliance India’s notoriously unreliable property developers have been put on notice: clean up your act, or you could end up in jail. Under laws that came into force Monday, developers have to use at least 70 percent of sale proceeds to complete residential projects, rather than funnel money to other jobs, and will no longer be allowed to start pre-selling apartments before all building approvals are obtained. Developers who don’t comply with the new laws face up to three years in jail. The moves are aimed at cleaning up an industry where more than 30 percent of housing projects run at least a year over schedule, and developers are known for corner-cutting tactics such as starting work before all approvals are granted and using sub-standard materials. Developers accused of wrongdoing have seen their shares tumble, even as the main property index has surged this year. The changes may wipe out thousands of small developers who can’t comply, according to property consultancy Liases Foras Real Estate Rating & Research Pvt. “The new law was required as a deterrent,” said Pankaj Kapoor, founder of Liases Foras. “Now developers won’t be able to misuse and siphon money in the manner they did in the past. Many builders who didn’t have the net worth were leveraging themselves beyond their means. Those loopholes are being plugged.” Under the new laws, developers will be required to post quarterly updates on the progress of projects on the regulator’s website, and any defects found within five years must be fixed by the developer free-of-charge within 30 days. The tougher regime expands a crackdown on errant developers that has seen executives from Unitech Ltd., Orbit Corp. and Hubtown Ltd. arrested or jailed on a range of charges from fraud to failing to meet deadlines for finishing homes. Homebuyer Boost The owners of Unitech, brothers Sanjay and Ajay Chandra, were last month arrested on charges of cheating homebuyers and delaying the building of houses. Pujit Aggarwal, the chief executive officer of Orbit Corp. was jailed in September on cheating charges, while Hubtown’s Vimal Shah was arrested for fraud and siphoning money from a state-sponsored housing project. Shah and the Chandra brothers are out on bail while Aggarwal is still in jail. Orbit shares have  slumped almost 50 percent since July, and Unitech has declined 32 percent in the same time. However, developers have rallied this year, with the S&P BSE India Realty Index gaining 55 percent, outstripping a 12 percent advance in the broader S&P BSE Sensex Index. The new laws will increase homebuyers’ confidence in the industry by forcing out fly-by-night developers, giving an edge to established firms, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co. Changes Welcomed Developers have also welcomed the changes. The laws will improve consumer confidence and push unprofessional companies from the sector, said Abhishek Lodha, managing director of Lodha Group, one of India’s largest property developers. Smaller developers may struggle to stay afloat as the new laws impose costly restrictions on them, Pirojsha Godrej, the chairman of Godrej Properties Ltd. said last year. He estimates that only a few hundred of nation’s thousands of developers will survive. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Still, the impact of the changes may be diluted as each state government needs to ratify the laws, and some are still to do so. Despite the fact that the deadline has passed, only nine Indian states and six union territories so far have taken steps to implement the rules, according to a report from CRISIL Research. The report also found that many states have diluted some crucial aspects of the law. Home sales, which slumped in the wake of the government’s surprise November ban on some high-denomination currency notes, have since shown some signs of a recovery, according to PropTiger.com, an Indian real estate advisory firm. Sales across nine cities rose 19 percent in the three months ended March 31, rebounding from a 20 percent slump the previous quarter, the data showed. Prices Hit Real estate has long been a place where Indians have parked cash, often using money on which taxes haven’t been paid. Property prices have also taken a hit since the currency ban and home prices may decline 20 percent and land prices could plummet as much as 25 percent, according to analysts’ projections. “The housing market cannot hope to begin flourishing again unless there is a very supportive regulatory environment that governs it,” said Mumbai-based Anuj Puri, chairman of JLL Residential. Builders often acquired and built on plots which didn’t have clear ownership titles and development permission, Puri said. Some builders have accepted cash payments, cheating the government of stamp duty and registration revenues, he said. “With the law kicking in, the time has finally come for homebuyers in India to breathe free and invest confidently,” Puri said. “No more will unscrupulous smaller builders, or even larger organized developers, be able to take buyers for a ride.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read The Inside Story of How Fyre Festival Went Up in Flames Apple Sells Fewer iPhones in Last Quarter, Shares Slide AMD Stock on Course for Worst Day in More Than a Decade A $50,000 Chrysler Minivan Explains Slowing U.S. Auto Sales Coal Country Is Back, Along With Signing Bonuses and Pay Raises Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Look at VY Invesco Equity and Income I Fund (IUAIX) Shutterstock photo VY Invesco Equity and Income I Fund ( IUAIX ) seeks long-term total return, through appreciation of capital and income. IUAIX normally invests a large portion of its assets in equity and debt securities. IUAIX invests in income-generating equity securities and investment-grade rated debt securities. This Large Value product has a history of positive total returns for over 10 years. Specifically, the fund’s returns over the 3, 5 year benchmarks; 3 year 7.2% and 5 year 10.5%. To see how this fund performed compared in its category, and other #1 and #2 Ranked Mutual Funds, please click here . IUAIX’s performance, as of the last filing, when compared to funds in its category was in the top 12% over the past 1 year, and in the top 35% over the past 3 years and in the top 39% over the past 5 years. The VY Invesco Equity and Income I fund, as of the last filing, allocates their fund in top two major groups; Large Value and Large Growth. Further, as of the last filing, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co and Bank of America Corporation were the top holdings for IUAIX. This Zacks Rank #4 (Sell) was incepted in May 2003 and is managed by ING Fund Trust . IUAIX carries an expense ratio of 0.64% and requires a minimal initial investment of $0. Want key mutual fund info delivered straight to your inbox? Zacks’ free Fund Newsletter will brief you on top news and analysis, as well as top-performing mutual funds, each week. Get it free >> View All Zacks #1 Ranked Mutual Funds Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Get Your Free (IUAIX): Fund Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Notable Tuesday Option Activity: IAC, LGND, WATT Next PostNext Notable Tuesday Option Activity: WBMD, SPB, HTA Search Recent Posts Unemployment under 5 percent as employment grows Cielo SA (CIOXY: OTCQX International Premier) | NET INCOME REACHES R$1.0 BILLION AND CIELO BRASIL FINANCIAL VOLUME EX AGRO GROWS 4.3% IN 1Q17 New Anti-Rejection Drug Reduces Weight Gain and Enhances Outcomes for Liver Transplant Recipients, New Study Finds New Anti-Rejection Drug Reduces Weight Gain and Enhances Outcomes for Liver Transplant Recipients, New Study Finds Limelight Guarantees Video Customers Greater than 10 Percent Reduction in Rebuffer Rates RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Windstream Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Acquires Shares of 899,430 Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Sundance Energy Australia (SNDE) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. Raises Stake in Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Stake Boosted by Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. Hoegh LNG Partners LP (HMLP) Stake Held by Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. ICICI Bank Ltd (IBN) Position Maintained by Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC Has $101,000 Position in Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Splunk (SPLK) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Steadymed (STDY) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports FireEye Inc (FEYE) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance BlackRock Municipal Income Trust II (BLE) Plans $0.07 Monthly Dividend BlackRock Floating Rate Income Strat. Fn (FRA) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.06 Noble Energy, Inc. (NBL) Shares Sold by Sfmg LLC WASHINGTON TRUST Co Purchases 2,268 Shares of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Shaker Investments LLC OH Has $2.854 Million Stake in LKQ Co. (LKQ) Wheatland Advisors Inc. Reduces Position in Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Coach Inc (COH) Stake Decreased by Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Invests $4.776 Million in Twitter Inc (TWTR) Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) to Post $3.30 EPS AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Stake Boosted by Willingdon Wealth Management Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC Has $101,000 Position in Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC decreased its position in shares of Windstream Holdings Inc (NYSE:WIN) by 16.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 18,445 shares of the company’s stock after selling 3,603 shares during the period. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC’s holdings in Windstream Holdings were worth $101,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Fox Run Management L.L.C. purchased a new position in Windstream Holdings during the first quarter worth about $105,000. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can raised its stake in shares of Windstream Holdings by 142.8% in the first quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 21,720 shares of the company’s stock worth $118,000 after buying an additional 12,774 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Windstream Holdings during the fourth quarter worth $120,000. Two Sigma Securities LLC bought a new stake in shares of Windstream Holdings during the third quarter worth $120,000. Finally, Trexquant Investment LP bought a new stake in shares of Windstream Holdings during the fourth quarter worth $130,000. Windstream Holdings Inc (NYSE:WIN) traded up 2.114% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $5.555. 2,304,893 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $5.69 and a 200 day moving average price of $7.10. The firm’s market capitalization is $540.43 million. Windstream Holdings Inc has a one year low of $5.16 and a one year high of $10.46. Windstream Holdings (NYSE:WIN) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported ($0.94) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.63) by $0.31. The business had revenue of $1.31 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.34 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $1.41 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 8.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts anticipate that Windstream Holdings Inc will post ($0.97) EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 17th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st were issued a dividend of $0.15 per share. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $0.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 10.79%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/sequoia-financial-advisors-llc-has-101000-position-in-windstream-holdings-inc-win.html. A number of analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC raised shares of Windstream Holdings from an “underperform” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $7.50 price target for the company in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a “sell” rating and issued a $4.50 price target on shares of Windstream Holdings in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Citigroup Inc reduced their price target on shares of Windstream Holdings from $8.50 to $7.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research note on Monday, March 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Windstream Holdings in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $7.00 price target for the company. Finally, Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Windstream Holdings from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. Windstream Holdings currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $7.21. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WIN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Windstream Holdings Inc (NYSE:WIN). Receive News & Ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance LKQ Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Noble Energy, Inc. (NBL) Shares Sold by Sfmg LLC WASHINGTON TRUST Co Purchases 2,268 Shares of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Shaker Investments LLC OH Has $2.854 Million Stake in LKQ Co. (LKQ) Wheatland Advisors Inc. Reduces Position in Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Coach Inc (COH) Stake Decreased by Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC Invests $4.776 Million in Twitter Inc (TWTR) Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) to Post $3.30 EPS AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Stake Boosted by Willingdon Wealth Management First Houston Capital Inc. Increases Position in Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Shaker Investments LLC OH Raises Position in Manitex International Inc (MNTX) Analysts Expect Biogen Inc (BIIB) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.8 Billion Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Diageo plc (DGE) Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Riverview Bancorp (RVSB) Share Price Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Shares Up 11.6% After Earnings Beat Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Allianzgi Convertible & Income Fund (NCV) Plans $0.07 Monthly Dividend Schaper Benz & Wise Investment Counsel Inc. WI Lowers Stake in Waters Co. (WAT) Cedar Wealth Management LLC Purchases 1,370 Shares of Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Shaker Investments LLC OH Has $2.854 Million Stake in LKQ Co. (LKQ) May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Shaker Investments LLC OH reduced its position in LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ) by 13.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 97,500 shares of the auto parts company’s stock after selling 15,410 shares during the period. LKQ makes up 2.2% of Shaker Investments LLC OH’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 12th largest position. Shaker Investments LLC OH’s holdings in LKQ were worth $2,854,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Capital Research Global Investors bought a new position in LKQ during the third quarter worth approximately $57,493,000. Eaton Vance Management raised its stake in LKQ by 130.3% in the third quarter. Eaton Vance Management now owns 1,998,905 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $70,881,000 after buying an additional 1,130,834 shares in the last quarter. Tiverton Asset Management LLC raised its stake in LKQ by 294.3% in the third quarter. Tiverton Asset Management LLC now owns 1,057,239 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $37,490,000 after buying an additional 789,107 shares in the last quarter. Matrix Capital Management Company LP acquired a new stake in LKQ during the third quarter valued at about $18,838,000. Finally, Incline Global Management LLC raised its stake in LKQ by 49.0% in the third quarter. Incline Global Management LLC now owns 1,496,929 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $53,081,000 after buying an additional 492,608 shares in the last quarter. 88.66% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ) traded up 0.06% on Tuesday, hitting $31.46. The stock had a trading volume of 2,100,225 shares. LKQ Co. has a 52-week low of $27.85 and a 52-week high of $36.35. The firm has a market cap of $9.70 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.03 and a beta of 0.51. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $29.35 and its 200 day moving average price is $31.33. LKQ (NASDAQ:LKQ) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The auto parts company reported $0.49 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.46 by $0.03. LKQ had a net margin of 5.48% and a return on equity of 16.41%. The company had revenue of $2.34 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.31 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.42 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 21.9% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that LKQ Co. will post $1.87 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Shaker Investments LLC OH Has $2.854 Million Stake in LKQ Co. (LKQ)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/shaker-investments-llc-oh-has-2-854-million-stake-in-lkq-co-lkq.html. Several equities research analysts recently issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised LKQ from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday. FBR & Co reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $41.00 price objective (up previously from $40.00) on shares of LKQ in a research note on Friday. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $37.00 price objective on shares of LKQ in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. William Blair reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of LKQ in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on LKQ in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $41.00 price objective for the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $39.25. In related news, EVP John S. Quinn sold 8,522 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $31.67, for a total value of $269,891.74. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 269,197 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,525,468.99. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Robert L. Wagman sold 30,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $30.13, for a total transaction of $903,900.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 319,380 shares in the company, valued at $9,622,919.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 1.30% of the company’s stock. LKQ Company Profile LKQ Corporation (LKQ) is a distributor of vehicle products, including replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, as well as specialty vehicle products and accessories, and automotive glass products. The Company’s segments include Wholesale-North America; Europe; Specialty, and Self Service. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LKQ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ). Receive News & Ratings for LKQ Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump North Korea ObamaCare Just In... House panel to vote on GOP Dodd-Frank rewrite Finance — 2h 16s ago Clinton brings up ‘Handmaid’s Tale’ in Planned Parenthood speech Blog Briefing Room — 3h 38m ago Trump: Comey 'the best thing' that happened to Clinton Blog Briefing Room — 3h 47m ago Pence: Budget deal 'no small accomplishment' for administration Finance — 4h 25m ago Ex-DNC chair: Obama's $400K speaking fee 'none of your business' News — 4h 25m ago Jeb Bush 'confident' he will win bid for MLB team In The Know — 5h 4m ago Conway rips Clinton's election loss explanation Administration — 5h 12m ago Tillerson headed to Alaska for Arctic Council meeting Administration — 5h 41m ago view all   Overnight Finance: Trump raises stakes for next shutdown fight | Senate confirms SEC pick | Dems drag out markup of Dodd-Frank overhaul By Sylvan Lane - 05/02/17 06:53 PM EDT 1   © Getty Images Less than 48 hours after Congress reached a bipartisan deal on 2017 spending, President Trump warned the next round might not be so easy. The president on Tuesday roiled the debate over a 2018 spending package -- five months before Congress's deadline to pass it -- by promoting the notion that a "good shutdown" in September would go a long way toward fixing the "mess" in Washington. ADVERTISEMENT Arriving by tweet just after 9 a.m., the comment -- unprecedented for a sitting president -- was seen as no threat to the 2017 omnibus funding package, which Congress is expected to send to Trump this week to prevent a shutdown on Saturday. But it appears to reflect Trump's frustration with reports and analyses, many from conservative allies, that the Republicans were rolled during the negotiations over the current bill, which included almost none of the prominent policy riders the White House had initially demanded. The Hill's Mike Lillis and Jordan Fabian have more: http://bit.ly/2qwdFkM   Recapping the day: Trump says US needs 'good' shutdown: President Trump on Tuesday called for a "good shutdown" in September to fix the "mess" in government. He also expressed frustration that legislation needs 60 votes in the Senate because of the filibuster, saying it would be necessary to elect more Republicans or "change the rules." "The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good 'shutdown' in September to fix mess!" he wrote in a series of tweets. The Hill's Rebecca Savransky and Jordan Fabian have more on the tweets that started a firestorm: http://bit.ly/2pDktwR   Senators quickly distanced themselves from Trump's remarks: Senate Republicans are rushing to distance themselves from President Trump's support for a fall shutdown. Several GOP senators said Tuesday that they don't back shuttering the government in September even as the president endorsed the idea on Twitter during a series of early morning tweets. "Obviously I disagree with that. No, I don't think there's a good government shutdown. ... Really it shows our inability to solve our nation's problems in a normal way," Sen. Bob CorkerBob CorkerTrump raises stakes for next shutdown fight Overnight Cybersecurity: IT modernization bill clears panel | McCain seeks new path on Russian sanctions | House Republican aims to boost feds' cyber workforce Overnight Finance: Trump raises stakes for next shutdown fight | Senate confirms SEC pick | Dems drag out markup of Dodd-Frank overhaul MORE (R-Tenn.), the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, told reporters. Sen. John McCainJohn McCainOvernight Defense: GOP chair to unveil Pentagon buying reforms in May | Trump surge fades for contractors | McCain concerned about Army nominee's comments Overnight Cybersecurity: IT modernization bill clears panel | McCain seeks new path on Russian sanctions | House Republican aims to boost feds' cyber workforce Overnight Finance: Trump raises stakes for next shutdown fight | Senate confirms SEC pick | Dems drag out markup of Dodd-Frank overhaul MORE (R-Ariz.) separately said there wasn't an appetite for a shutdown or changing the filibuster rules on legislation. Asked if Trump should stop tweeting, McCain responded, "I wish he would think twice before he tweeted." The Hill's Jordain Carney takes us to the Senate: http://bit.ly/2pVJkiH.   And later in the day... Trump called the spending bill a 'clear win': President Trump on Tuesday trumpeted the bipartisan spending deal as a "clear win," just hours after venting his frustration with the agreement. "After years of partisan bickering and gridlock, this bill is a clear win for the American people,' he said during a ceremony honoring the Air Force Academy football team. Turning to the team members, who were standing behind him in the Rose Garden, Trump said, "This is what winning looks like, something that you folks really know a lot about." The Hill's Jordan Fabian explains: http://bit.ly/2pVDYDX.   Senate confirms Trump's SEC pick: The Senate cleared President Trump's pick to lead the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday evening, voting 61-37 to confirm Jay Clayton. Only a simple majority needed to approve the nominee, whose SEC term would expire in 2021. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnellMitch McConnellOvernight Defense: GOP chair to unveil Pentagon buying reforms in May | Trump surge fades for contractors | McCain concerned about Army nominee's comments GOP senators dismiss Trump filibuster change Overnight Finance: Trump raises stakes for next shutdown fight | Senate confirms SEC pick | Dems drag out markup of Dodd-Frank overhaul MORE (R-Ky.) praised Clayton ahead of the vote, saying he looked forward to "his leadership at this agency."  "I appreciate Mr. Clayton's willingness to take on this important task as well as his vision -- which he outlined at his hearing -- to promote fair and transparent practices at the SEC," he said on the Senate floor Tuesday. The Hill's Jordain Carney has more: http://bit.ly/2pVw8dJ.   House Dems move to delay GOP Dodd-Frank rewrite: Democrats on the House Financial Services Committee are moving to prolong a hearing on a GOP Dodd-Frank Act rollback by several hours, if not days. The House Financial Services Committee on Tuesday began marking up Chairman Jeb Hensarling's (R-Texas) Creating Hope and Opportunity for Investors, Consumers and Entrepreneurs (CHOICE) Act, a sweeping rewrite of post-recession financial regulations that GOP lawmakers have long sought to repeal. Democrats are fiercely opposed to the CHOICE Act and took several steps during the Tuesday hearing to delay a possible House vote on it despite the bill being largely considered dead on arrival in the Senate. They're expected to offer dozens of amendments, though the committee won't vote on any until Wednesday at 9 a.m. I'll fill you in here: http://bit.ly/2pVrSKZ.   Happy Tuesday and welcome to Overnight Finance, where we're still watching the CHOICE Act markup. I'm Sylvan Lane, and here's your nightly guide to everything affecting your bills, bank account and bottom line. Tonight's highlights include how Republican leaders are spinning the spending deal, the reaction to Trump's shutdown threat, and the departure of a long-time banking leader. See something I missed? Let me know at slane@thehill.com or tweet me @SylvanLane. And if you like your newsletter, you can subscribe to it here: http://bit.ly/1NxxW2N.   On tap tomorrow: Senate Budget Committee: Hearing entitled "Private Sector Growth and the Economy," 10:30 a.m. http://bit.ly/2qfHWEe. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen will give a press conference following the second day of the Federal Open Market Committee's two-day meeting at 2 p.m.   Join us tomorrow for "Main Street Matters: Jobs, Wages & the Small Business Economy," featuring Sen. Jeanne Shaheen Jeanne ShaheenOvernight Finance: Trump raises stakes for next shutdown fight | Senate confirms SEC pick | Dems drag out markup of Dodd-Frank overhaul Overnight Regulation: Senate confirms SEC pick | House GOP passes 'comp time' bill | Senate confirms Trump's SEC pick MORE (D-N.H.) and Rep. Steve Chabot (R-Ohio). Topics of discussion at the event include job creation, wages and the kinds of policies that can help small businesses thrive in the United States. RSVP Here.    Ryan touts spending deal for breaking 'Obama rules' for defense: Speaker Paul RyanPaul RyanOvernight Defense: GOP chair to unveil Pentagon buying reforms in May | Trump surge fades for contractors | McCain concerned about Army nominee's comments Overnight Finance: Trump raises stakes for next shutdown fight | Senate confirms SEC pick | Dems drag out markup of Dodd-Frank overhaul How to get through the next 100 days? Stop the political blame game MORE (R-Wis.) is touting this week's budget deal for breaking the rule that Democrats enforced under President Obama: Every dollar in increased defense spending had to be matched by a dollar increase for nondefense discretionary programs. "Under the Obama rules, if you wanted to help the military, if you wanted a pay raise for the soldiers, if you wanted to buy new airplanes and new ships and more munitions, a dollar for that, you had to have a dollar domestic spending. We just broke that parity," Ryan said at a press conference Tuesday morning. "That's the biggest victory we could have had -- $25 billion year over [the] year for our military, to begin to rebuild our military, without that kind of corresponding increase in domestic discretionary spending. That, to me, is very important," he added: http://bit.ly/2pVt5SE.   Trump budget chief: Good shutdown is 'one that fixes this town' White House budget chief Mick Mulvaney said Tuesday that a "good" government shutdown would include "fixing Washington, D.C. permanently," though he added the threat shouldn't be used as a way to negotiate. "It's not a goal and it's not a negotiating tool," Mulvaney said at White House press briefing. "But to the extent that the president advocated for one today, if you want to imagine what a good shutdown was, it's one that fixes this town." "One that really drives the message back home to people that it really was as broken as they thought it was when they voted for Donald TrumpDonald TrumpPelosi on abortion: 'This is not a rubber-stamp party' NSA collected more than 151 million phone records in 2016 Pence: Trump considering moving US embassy to Jerusalem MORE. A good one would be something that fixes Washington, D.C. permanently." http://bit.ly/2pVs3pG.   Why Trump is fighting Canada on softwood lumber and dairy: Two arcane and long-standing fights are at the center of President Trump's trade war with Canada. The U.S. has been battling with Canada over softwood lumber since the 1980s, and disputes over dairy protections have been a persistent irritant in the otherwise congenial relationship between the two countries. Both trade issues grabbed headlines after Trump announced a 20 percent tariff on Canada's softwood lumber industry last week. The Hill's Vicki Needham explains: http://bit.ly/2pVnhbM.   Leader of powerful community bank lobby to retire: Camden Fine, the outspoken head of the Independent Community Bankers of America (ICBA), is retiring next May, the industry group said on Tuesday. Fine has served as president and chief executive of the organization for almost 14 years, and is known for taking on corporate giants, including Wal-Mart and JPMorgan Chase & Co. "It's just time," he told the publication American Banker prior to the public announcement. "I'm an aging Baby Boomer. I think it's time for the next generation of the community bank CEO with a different vision to write the next chapter of this association." Here's more from The Hill's Megan R. Wilson: http://bit.ly/2pVncou.   Dems press Trump on tax break for investment managers: Democratic lawmakers and a group of millionaires are pressing President Trump on his vow to end the "carried interest" tax break that benefits investment fund managers. "Mr. President, keep your promise to get rid of the carried interest loophole, and don't make it worse by having a bigger, bigger, bigger loophole for all the wealthy people and corporations in the United States," Rep. Sandy Levin (D-Mich.) said at a press conference Tuesday. Carried interest is the income that investment fund managers receive for managing client funds. Under current law, carried interest is taxed at the lower capital gains rate of 20 percent, rather than as ordinary income, which can be taxed as high as 39.6 percent. http://bit.ly/2pVAKk4.   Remittances to Mexico jump to near-record levels: Cash transfers to Mexico jumped 15 percent in March compared to the same period last year, making the month one of the biggest ever recorded for transfers sent by individuals to friends and family abroad. Mexicans received $2.5 billion in the cash transfers, known as remittances, in March compared to $2.2 billion a year earlier, according to Mexico's central bank, Banxico. The March take is the third largest in U.S.-Mexico remittance history, after October 2008 ($2.6 billion) and May 2006 ($2.5 billion). Monthly remittances usually dip to their lowest in January, after the holiday season, and start climbing in February. This year, the pattern changed, with January and February both netting $2 billion in remittances. http://bit.ly/2pVFypk.   Write us with tips, suggestions and news: slane@thehill.com, vneedham@thehill.com, and njagoda@thehill.com. Follow us on Twitter: @SylvanLane,  @VickofTheHill and @NJagoda. Tags Mitch McConnell Jeanne Shaheen Donald Trump John McCain Bob Corker Paul Ryan   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Spicer leaves White House briefing... White House press secretary Sean Spicer stunned reporters on Tuesday by... 167 Shares 2 Trump set to sign religious... President Trump has reportedly invited conservative leaders to visit the... 152 Shares 3 GOP bill hung up on pre-existing... The bill is losing support over a provision inserted to win over the House... 148 Shares 4 Trump: US ‘needs a good shutdown’ President Trump on Tuesday called for a "good shutdown" in September to... 148 Shares 5 Trump raises stakes for next... Less than 48 hours after Congress reached a bipartisan deal on 2017... 145 Shares 6 Lawmakers warn airlines: Shape up... “If changes aren’t made by the next hearing, I can assure you, you won’t... 122 Shares 7 Conway rips Clinton's election... Kellyanne Conway, a top counselor to President Trump, tore into Hillary... 105 Shares 8 Trump: 'Why was there the Civil... President Trump during an interview that airs Monday questioned why the... 102 Shares 9 Howard Stern: 'Nobody wanted... Howard Stern says President Trump is “being very honest” when he says he... 86 Shares 10 Colbert unleashes insults '... Late-night host Stephen Colbert on Monday unleashed a wave of insults at... 82 Shares 11 Schumer turns GOP tactics on Trump Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) capped off his first 100 days as Senate... 66 Shares 12 Dem: Trump crying shutdown because... President Trump’s statement that a “good shutdown” might be necessary for... 66 Shares 13 CNN: Trump ending Michelle Obama's... President Trump plans to end ‘Let Girls Learn,’ former first lady Michelle... 61 Shares 14 Trump drops the mother of all... OPINION | Denying libraries the funding to offer services in rural... 55 Shares 15 The Hill's Whip List: 22 GOP no... House Republicans have an updated bill to repeal and replace ObamaCare,... 54 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Coca-Cola European Partners plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Has $31.685 Million Position in Equity Residential (EQR) Sandstorm Gold Ltd (SAND) Shares Bought by Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Honeywell International Inc. Maintains Position in Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) KAR Auction Services Inc (KAR) Stake Boosted by Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Has $39.115 Million Stake in Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) Traders Buy Shares of Charter Communications, Inc. (CHTR) on Weakness After Earnings Miss Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Has $50.634 Million Position in Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Unum Group (UNM) Position Lowered by Sentinel Trust Co. LBA Carnival Corp (CCL) Shares Sold by Sentinel Trust Co. LBA Stratasys, Ltd. (SSYS) Stake Cut by Private Capital Management Inc. Trinseo S.A. (TSE) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance NTT Docomo Inc (DCM) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Chesapeake Utilities Co. (CPK) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Fidelity & Guaranty Life (FGL) Declares $0.07 Quarterly Dividend Otter Tail Co. (OTTR) Plans $0.32 Quarterly Dividend ONE Gas Inc (OGS) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.42 Span-America Medical Systems, Inc. (SPAN) Declares $0.16 Quarterly Dividend $0.55 EPS Expected for INC Research Holdings Inc (INCR) This Quarter $0.36 Earnings Per Share Expected for Associated Banc Corp (ASB) This Quarter Bellicum Pharmaceuticals Inc (BLCM) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.67 Per Share Honeywell International Inc. Maintains Position in Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Honeywell International Inc. maintained its stake in Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 268,000 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Honeywell International Inc. owned about 0.06% of Coca-Cola European Partners plc worth $10,101,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in CCE. Creative Planning boosted its stake in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 61.1% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 3,696 shares of the company’s stock valued at $139,000 after buying an additional 1,402 shares during the last quarter. Pinnacle Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc during the first quarter valued at approximately $182,000. Raymond James Trust N.A. acquired a new stake in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc during the first quarter valued at approximately $221,000. BB&T Securities LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc during the third quarter valued at approximately $222,000. Finally, Brown Advisory Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 13.7% in the fourth quarter. Brown Advisory Inc. now owns 7,291 shares of the company’s stock valued at $229,000 after buying an additional 880 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 31.73% of the company’s stock. Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) traded down 0.50% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $38.09. The company had a trading volume of 1,677,868 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $18.41 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.04 and a beta of 1.01. Coca-Cola European Partners plc has a 12 month low of $30.55 and a 12 month high of $54.37. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $37.34 and its 200 day moving average is $35.22. Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, March 21st. The company reported $0.46 EPS for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.46. Coca-Cola European Partners plc had a return on equity of 21.76% and a net margin of 8.49%. The business earned $2.58 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.54 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.53 earnings per share. Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s revenue was up 58.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Coca-Cola European Partners plc will post $2.26 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 24th. Stockholders of record on Monday, April 10th were issued a dividend of $0.2261 per share. This represents a $0.90 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.37%. This is an increase from Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.19. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, April 6th. Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s dividend payout ratio is currently 31.98%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Honeywell International Inc. Maintains Position in Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/honeywell-international-inc-maintains-position-in-coca-cola-european-partners-plc-cce.html. Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Argus initiated coverage on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. They set a “buy” rating and a $44.00 target price for the company. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 target price for the company in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Barclays PLC set a $41.00 price target on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 18th. Citigroup Inc cut shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. They issued a “neutral” rating on the stock. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating, eight have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Coca-Cola European Partners plc currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $43.50. About Coca-Cola European Partners plc Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc (CCE) markets, produces and distributes nonalcoholic beverages. The Company serves customers across Belgium, continental France, Great Britain, Luxembourg, Monaco, the Netherlands, Norway and Sweden. The Company’s segments include Europe and Corporate. CCE is The Coca-Cola Company’s strategic bottling partner in Western Europe. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CCE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE). Receive News & Ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Top Local Stories FBI translator in Detroit leaves US to marry ISIS leader she was tracking News Owner of pit bull mix that mauled mother, her boyfriend in Roseville denies neglect led to attack News Driver flees scene after running over bicyclist on Detroit's east side News Chief questions why Detroit police officer shot on west side wasn't taken to closest hospital News ESPN analyst trolls Jim Harbaugh once again after Nick Saban's contract extension Sports Defenders take bird's-eye view of how Oakland County officials use chopper to fight crime Defenders Michigan woman shot at San Diego pool party 2 weeks after moving from Metro Detroit News 2 members of Detroit's Rollin 60s Crips street gang plead guilty to racketeering News Man wanted in deadly stabbing of 40-year-old man in Ypsilanti Twp. News Money Apple has a quarter-trillion dollars in cash 5 years ago, Apple had 'just' $110.2 billion By PAUL R. LA MONICA AND SETH FIEGERMAN Posted: 4:56 PM, May 02, 2017 Updated: 5:06 PM, May 02, 2017 Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images More Money Headlines Microsoft takes on Apple with new $999 Surface Laptop Apple probably has a quarter of a trillion in cash Where Apple stands in quest for 100 percent clean energy Apple gets permit to test self-driving cars in California White House grapples with how to sell Trump's first 100 days Apple sued over refusal to service 'bricked' iPhones Apple drops supplier and its stock falls 72% NEW YORK (CNNMoney) - The bank of Apple just hit a major milestone. Apple had more than a quarter of $1 trillion in cash and investments on its balance sheet for the first time ever. To be precise (and remember all of this is in billions with a B): Apple had $256.8 billion in its cash stockpile at the end of its the most recent quarter, up from $233 billion at the same time last year. Apple's stack of Franklins, Grants and Jacksons has steadily grown over the past few years. Five years ago, Apple had "just" $110.2 billion in cash. And Apple has increasingly stashed away most of its cash overseas for tax purposes. Apple CFO Luca Maestri said in February that $230 billion of its cash was held abroad. But there are growing hopes that Apple might soon be able to bring back, or repatriate, this cash to the United States at a one-time lower tax rate if President Trump is able to get his tax plan through Congress. Apple could use the cash to hire more workers, build more plants, make acquisitions, repurchase stock and boost its dividend. Some argue that if Apple and other tech giants were allowed to bring back cash to the U.S., it could stimulate the entire economy. To put into context just how much money a quarter trillion really is, consider the following. Apple's cash, if it were its own company, would be the 11th largest firm in the S&P 500. Besides Apple, Google owner Alphabet, Microsoft, Amazon, Facebook, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, ExxonMobil, Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and General Electric have market valuations higher than $250 billion. And Apple's cash is worth only slightly less than all of GE. It's also worth more than well-known blue chips AT&T, Walmart, Home Depot, Coca-Cola and Disney. (AT&T is in the process of acquiring CNNMoney owner Time Warner. By the way, Apple's cash is worth more than three times Time Warner's market value.) Apple's pot of gold, so to speak, is also worth more than Bank of America, Pfizer, Procter & Gamble, Visa, Verizon and Comcast. Want more mind-boggling comparisons? $250 billion in cash is about 10 times the market value of Snapchat parent Snap. It is 3.5 times the valuation of Uber, and 20 times that of Twitter. It's also nearly 50 times the market cap of BlackBerry, the former king of mobile phones that is now focusing more on software. As Matt Damon famously said in "Good Will Hunting" -- How do you like them Apples? Copyright 2017 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending https://www.clickondetroit.com
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ו' אייר תשע"ז  -  כ״א בעומר   |   Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Mnuchin to Wall Street: U.S. Serious About Ultra-Long Bonds Mnuchin to Wall Street: U.S. Serious About Ultra-Long Bonds Tuesday, May 2, 2017 at 5:29 pm | ו' אייר תשע"ז Steve Mnuchin, U.S. Treasury Secretary, speaks during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S. (Reuters/Mike Blake) (Bloomberg) - From the moment that Steven Mnuchin first hinted back in November that the Trump administration would entertain the idea of selling ultra-long bonds, the consensus across Wall Street was pretty clear: Don’t do it. There’d be no easy way to lure a steady stream of buyers, the skeptics said, and the initiative could prove costly to U.S. taxpayers. But it seems Mnuchin has different ideas. Since taking office as Treasury Secretary in February, he’s repeatedly indicated that ultra-long issuance was something the administration was looking at. Last month, he had his staff query bond dealers about how they might structure and price maturities beyond the current 30-year limit. And on Monday, Mnuchin provided the clearest signal yet, saying on Bloomberg that it “could absolutely make sense.” Suddenly, the buzz on Wall Street is that, financial considerations aside, the administration’s ambitious, pro-growth agenda could make ultra-long bonds a reality in the Treasury market. The Treasury seems “committed to the idea that we are going to issue debt that is greater than 30 years,” said Jim Bianco, the Chicago-based founder of Bianco Research, who has been following the U.S. bond market for nearly four decades. “It’s a change in the calculus from the previous administration.” Of course, the idea has always seemed like a long shot — not only on Wall Street but inside the U.S. Treasury Department itself, which over the years has repeatedly passed up on the opportunity. But after Mnuchin’s most recent comments, bond traders are taking notice. Yields on longer-term Treasuries jumped, with the gap between five- and 30-year yields reaching the widest since February. Long bonds ended at 3 percent on Monday. For Mnuchin, the attraction of issuing ultra-long bonds at today’s historically low interest rates isn’t hard to understand. It would allow the government to borrow vast amounts of money that wouldn’t have to be paid back for a half-century or more, and help fulfill two of President Donald Trump’s biggest campaign promises: fix the nation’s aging infrastructure with a trillion-dollar spending program and cut taxes at the same time. It’s not without precedent. In 1911, the U.S. sold 50-year bonds to fund the construction of the Panama Canal — the most expensive construction project in American history at that time. Gary Cohn, Mr. Trump’s top economic adviser, talked up in an interview on CNBC the “enormous amount” of ultra-long bonds the government could issue to finance spending on infrastructure, an area of chronic under-investment for decades. “It’s a reasonable probability that the Treasury will issue these bonds,” said Scott Mather, chief investment officer for core strategies at Pimco, which oversees $1.5 trillion. The argument is that the U.S. “won’t have to pay much to gain more certainty and the ability to lock in low rates for a long time.” A number of Democrats are on board as well. Last year, Mark Warner, the ranking Democratic member of the securities, insurance and investment subcommittee of the Senate Banking Committee, pushed then-Treasury counselor Antonio Weiss on why the U.S. wasn’t selling ultra-longs. He hasn’t changed his tune. “If there is an appetite for long-term debt in foreign markets and with U.S. corporations and universities, there would be sufficient appetite to market the debt of the world’s safe-haven and reserve currency,” Warner said in an emailed reply to questions. For the naysayers, the case against ultra-longs rests on two basic concerns: liquidity and cost. Regular and predictable auctions have been a pillar of the Treasury’s debt management since the 1970s, and a key reason the U.S. bond market has become the deepest and most important in the world. A 50-year bond would likely yield about 0.2 percentage points more than 30-year Treasuries, according to JPMorgan Chase, whose analysts said such sales aren’t a good idea. Whatever the case, big Treasury decisions are often political decisions. Under Larry Summers, the department introduced inflation-linked bonds, known as TIPS, in 1997, to provide policymakers a market-based gauge of inflation expectations, even though studies have shown they ended up costing taxpayers billions in extra interest. Former Treasury Undersecretary Peter Fisher ended sales of the 30-year bond in 2001, only to see it revived in 2006 as the war in Iraq and the Bush administration’s tax cuts caused record budget deficits. That hasn’t stopped a number of other countries from issuing ultra-long bonds in recent years to take advantage of low interest rates. Nations including Canada, France, Mexico, Switzerland and the U.K. have all sold debt maturing from 40 years to 100 years, though few have done so on a regular basis. Several companies have also issued century bonds. Fisher, who is now a senior lecturer at Dartmouth College, says a good argument for the U.S. government to consider issuing ultra-long bonds is that it would help push financing needs past the droves of baby boomers who are currently retiring and drawing Social Security. “I had hoped to come back and eventually issue 60- or 100-year maturities, but we didn’t get around to it,” he said, referring to his tenure at the Treasury. Gemma Wright-Casparius, a senior money manager at Vanguard, says one feasible approach would be for the Treasury to cut the size of its 30-year bond sales to make room for a 50-year bond. She said Vanguard, which oversees $4.1 trillion, would be buyers if the ultra-longs are included in benchmark bond indexes — as long as the price is right. “I don’t see any reason why not,” she said. “For Treasury, anything is possible, as long as they do their due diligence.” Filed under: Bonds, Steven Mnuchin Print Email Gmail Related Stocks Fall Broadly on Wall Street Along With Bonds and Gold Like Stocks, Junk Bonds Show Investor Jitters Apple Plans to Sell as Much as $6.5 Billion in Bonds Detroit May Win Investment Grade on First Bonds Since Bankruptcy Report: Apple Selling Record Amount in Bonds More in Business OPINION: Working Retail, the Best Business School Around Pfizer Beats 1Q Profit Forecasts, but Sales Slip Stocks Inch Higher, But Slowing Auto Sales Worry Wall Street Auto Sales Tumble; 7-Year Win Streak Could Come to an End European Shares Gain on Fresh Greek Bailout, Asia Mixed OP-ED All Eyes on France Introducing the ‘New, Improved’ Hamas An Impossible Pretzel A Pashute Yid? Populism on pause A Nationwide Chessed The Past 100 Days Have Been a Disaster — for Democrats The Risks of Businesses Learning How Consumers Think A Persistent Insanity Infects a Local Election The Good Tidings Let ‘So-Called Judges’ Work in Peace Trump Is Skillfully Navigating Washington’s Budget Realities Salted Bagels With Lox and Cream Cheese The Real Zachor Features Fathers Days This Day In History 7 Iyar/May 3 Four Corners Sudoku – May 3, 2017 This Day In History 6 Iyar/May 2 The Odd Side – May 2, 2017 Artsy World of Wonder – May 2, 2017 Sudoku – May 2, 2017 Editorial Cartoon – May 2, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 6 Iyar/May 2 This Day In History 5 Iyar/May 1 Nichum Aveilim 5 Iyar/May 1 Don’t Do Me Favors! Weather » Brooklyn 74°F Partly cloudy See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,095.37 +3.76 (+0.06%) S&P 500 2,391.17 +2.84 (+0.12%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9158 GBP 0.7737 ILS 3.6087 CHF 0.9932 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Apple has a quarter-trillion dollars in cash - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Earth Day Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS Earth Day The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Earth Day Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It Earth Day The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Apple has a quarter-trillion dollars in cash Posted: Tuesday, May 2, 2017 5:04 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, May 2, 2017 7:05 PM EDT The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. Tim Cook is the CEO of Apple and serves on its Board of Directors. Before being named CEO in August 2011, Tim was Apple's Chief Operating Officer and was responsible for all of the company's worldwide sales and operations. By Paul R. La Monica and Seth Fiegerman NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- The bank of Apple just hit a major milestone. Apple had more than a quarter of $1 trillion in cash and investments on its balance sheet for the first time ever. To be precise (and remember all of this is in billions with a B): Apple had $256.8 billion in its cash stockpile at the end of its the most recent quarter, up from $233 billion at the same time last year. Apple's stack of Franklins, Grants and Jacksons has steadily grown over the past few years. Five years ago, Apple had "just" $110.2 billion in cash. And Apple has increasingly stashed away most of its cash overseas for tax purposes. Apple CFO Luca Maestri said in February that $230 billion of its cash was held abroad. But there are growing hopes that Apple might soon be able to bring back, or repatriate, this cash to the United States at a one-time lower tax rate if President Trump is able to get his tax plan through Congress. Apple could use the cash to hire more workers, build more plants, make acquisitions, repurchase stock and boost its dividend. Some argue that if Apple and other tech giants were allowed to bring back cash to the U.S., it could stimulate the entire economy. To put into context just how much money a quarter trillion really is, consider the following. Apple's cash, if it were its own company, would be the 11th largest firm in the S&P 500. Besides Apple, Google owner Alphabet, Microsoft, Amazon, Facebook, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, ExxonMobil, Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and General Electric have market valuations higher than $250 billion. And Apple's cash is worth only slightly less than all of GE. It's also worth more than well-known blue chips AT&T, Walmart, Home Depot, Coca-Cola and Disney. (AT&T is in the process of acquiring CNNMoney owner Time Warner. By the way, Apple's cash is worth more than three times Time Warner's market value.) Apple's pot of gold, so to speak, is also worth more than Bank of America, Pfizer, Procter & Gamble, Visa, Verizon and Comcast. Want more mind-boggling comparisons? $250 billion in cash is about 10 times the market value of Snapchat parent Snap. It is 3.5 times the valuation of Uber, and 20 times that of Twitter. It's also nearly 50 times the market cap of BlackBerry, the former king of mobile phones that is now focusing more on software. As Matt Damon famously said in "Good Will Hunting" -- How do you like them Apples? TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MEDNAX Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Advisory Services Network LLC Invests $543,000 in Universal Display Co. (OLED) Wright Investors Service Inc. Sells 900 Shares of MEDNAX Inc (MD) CA, Inc. (CA) Position Raised by Montrusco Bolton Investments Inc. 30,287 Shares in Vector Group Ltd (VGR) Acquired by Advisory Services Network LLC 15,766 Shares in Oaktree Capital Group LLC (OAK) Acquired by Advisory Services Network LLC PG&E Co. (PCG) Position Boosted by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Shares Bought by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. SPC Financial Inc. Boosts Position in Dollar General Corp. (DG) Wright Investors Service Inc. Has $292,000 Position in Albemarle Co. (ALB) Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Increases Stake in Willis Towers Watson PLC (WLTW) Advisory Services Network LLC Acquires Shares of 11,297 W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Advisory Services Network LLC Invests $814,000 in Lendingtree Inc (TREE) Aquamarine Capital Management LLC Has $2,801,000 Position in Moody's Co. (MCO) Royal Bank of Canada (RY) Shares Sold by Montrusco Bolton Investments Inc. Equity Residential (EQR) Shares Bought by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Zacks: Analysts Set $13.89 Price Target for Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd (OR) Premier Foods Spon (PRRFY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: China Online Education Group – (COE) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Simon Leung Sells 971 Shares of SYNNEX Co. (SNX) Stock Brokerages Set $7.75 Target Price for Iteris Inc (ITI) Wright Investors Service Inc. Sells 900 Shares of MEDNAX Inc (MD) May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Wright Investors Service Inc. cut its position in MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD) by 16.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 4,715 shares of the company’s stock after selling 900 shares during the period. Wright Investors Service Inc.’s holdings in MEDNAX were worth $327,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors have also modified their holdings of MD. Hermes Investment Management Ltd. raised its position in MEDNAX by 8.8% in the third quarter. Hermes Investment Management Ltd. now owns 654,685 shares of the company’s stock worth $43,373,000 after buying an additional 53,066 shares in the last quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can raised its position in MEDNAX by 4.0% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 211,937 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,072,000 after buying an additional 8,086 shares in the last quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. raised its position in MEDNAX by 2.0% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 13,483 shares of the company’s stock worth $893,000 after buying an additional 270 shares in the last quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. raised its position in MEDNAX by 1.4% in the third quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 260,028 shares of the company’s stock worth $17,227,000 after buying an additional 3,716 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Nikko Asset Management Americas Inc. purchased a new position in MEDNAX during the third quarter worth $1,060,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 99.16% of the company’s stock. MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD) traded up 1.13% on Tuesday, reaching $60.81. 1,204,271 shares of the company were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $67.04 and its 200-day moving average price is $67.00. The stock has a market capitalization of $5.64 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.42 and a beta of 0.67. MEDNAX Inc has a 12-month low of $59.36 and a 12-month high of $76.96. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $1.00 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.06. The company had revenue of $831 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $842.15 million. MEDNAX had a net margin of 10.21% and a return on equity of 13.59%. MEDNAX’s quarterly revenue was up 12.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $1.13 EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that MEDNAX Inc will post $4.12 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Wright Investors Service Inc. Sells 900 Shares of MEDNAX Inc (MD)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/wright-investors-service-inc-sells-900-shares-of-mednax-inc-md.html. A number of research firms have weighed in on MD. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of MEDNAX from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Robert W. Baird lowered shares of MEDNAX from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $72.00 price target for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $69.00 price objective on shares of MEDNAX in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of MEDNAX in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, MEDNAX presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $68.29. In other MEDNAX news, CFO Vivian Lopez-Blanco sold 15,164 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.01, for a total transaction of $1,061,631.64. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 59,097 shares in the company, valued at $4,137,380.97. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Enrique Sosa sold 10,668 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.65, for a total transaction of $743,026.20. Following the transaction, the director now owns 21,923 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,526,936.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 86,296 shares of company stock valued at $5,959,391. 2.40% of the stock is owned by company insiders. MEDNAX Company Profile MEDNAX, Inc is a provider of physician services, including newborn, anesthesia, maternal-fetal, teleradiology, pediatric cardiology and other pediatric subspecialty care. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s national network consisted of over 3,600 affiliated physicians, including over 1,130 physicians providing neonatal clinical care, in 35 states and Puerto Rico, primarily within hospital-based neonatal intensive care units (NICUs), to babies born prematurely or with medical complications. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD). Receive News & Ratings for MEDNAX Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tesoro Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesoro Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Advisor Partners LLC Boosts Stake in Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Cookson Peirce & Co. Inc. Has $6.395 Million Stake in Progressive Corp (PGR) Tesoro Co. (TSO) Shares Bought by Advisor Partners LLC Wright Investors Service Inc. Boosts Stake in Shire PLC (SHPG) Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Shares Bought by Advisor Partners LLC Wright Investors Service Inc. Increases Stake in Progressive Corp (PGR) Thomas Story & Son LLC Purchases 4,925 Shares of Gentex Co. (GNTX) Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Stake Lowered by Advisor Partners LLC Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Receives Buy Rating from Stifel Nicolaus Digital Realty Trust’s (DLR) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus DISH Network Corp (DISH) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Hilliard Lyons CIRCOR International, Inc. (CIR) Receives Buy Rating from Stifel Nicolaus Raytheon Company (RTN) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research CDW Corp (CDW) Receives Overweight Rating from Barclays PLC Equal Energy Ltd. (ENT) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $159.25 Million $2.85 EPS Expected for Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Will Post Earnings of $1.10 Per Share Alistair Macdonald Sells 9,467 Shares of INC Research Holdings Inc (INCR) Stock Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for AT&T (T) Tesoro Co. (TSO) Shares Bought by Advisor Partners LLC May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Advisor Partners LLC increased its stake in shares of Tesoro Co. (NYSE:TSO) by 29.8% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 5,699 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock after buying an additional 1,308 shares during the period. Advisor Partners LLC’s holdings in Tesoro were worth $462,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in TSO. Toronto Dominion Bank boosted its position in Tesoro by 67,674.6% in the third quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank now owns 503,565 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $40,063,000 after buying an additional 502,822 shares during the last quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. boosted its position in Tesoro by 164.8% in the third quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 641,815 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $51,063,000 after buying an additional 399,464 shares during the last quarter. Commonwealth Bank of Australia boosted its position in Tesoro by 44.0% in the third quarter. Commonwealth Bank of Australia now owns 59,872 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $4,764,000 after buying an additional 18,300 shares during the last quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. boosted its position in Tesoro by 43.9% in the third quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. now owns 370,062 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $29,442,000 after buying an additional 112,827 shares during the last quarter. Finally, TPH Asset Management LLC bought a new position in Tesoro during the third quarter valued at approximately $1,353,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 87.89% of the company’s stock. Shares of Tesoro Co. (NYSE:TSO) traded up 0.85% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $79.55. 896,021 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $9.29 billion, a PE ratio of 12.99 and a beta of 1.69. Tesoro Co. has a 12 month low of $69.49 and a 12 month high of $93.06. The company’s 50 day moving average is $80.82 and its 200-day moving average is $83.83. Tesoro (NYSE:TSO) last released its earnings results on Monday, February 6th. The oil and gas company reported $0.66 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.14) by $0.80. Tesoro had a return on equity of 9.07% and a net margin of 2.99%. The firm had revenue of $6.65 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $7.12 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $1.83 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Tesoro Co. will post $5.53 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/tesoro-co-tso-shares-bought-by-advisor-partners-llc.html. Several equities analysts recently commented on TSO shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Tesoro from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $99.00 target price for the company in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Credit Suisse Group AG upped their target price on shares of Tesoro from $105.00 to $110.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $102.00 price objective on shares of Tesoro and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Scotiabank restated a “buy” rating on shares of Tesoro in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada restated a “hold” rating and issued a $99.00 price objective on shares of Tesoro in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, fourteen have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. Tesoro has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $101.79. About Tesoro Tesoro Corporation (Tesoro) is an independent petroleum refining, logistics and marketing company. he Company operates through three segments. The Refining operating segment refines crude oil and other feedstocks into transportation fuels, such as gasoline and gasoline blendstocks, jet fuel and diesel fuel, as well as other products, including heavy fuel oils, liquefied petroleum gas and petroleum coke for sale in bulk markets to a range of customers within its markets. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TSO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Tesoro Co. (NYSE:TSO). Receive News & Ratings for Tesoro Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesoro Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Apple has a quarter-trillion dollars in cash Apple has a quarter-trillion dollars in cash Posted on Tuesday, May 2, 2017 by CNN in Business News The bank of Apple just hit a major milestone. Apple had more than a quarter of $1 trillion in cash and investments on its balance sheet for the first time ever. To be precise (and remember all of this is in billions with a B): Apple had $256.8 billion in its cash stockpile at the end of its the most recent quarter, up from $233 billion at the same time last year. Apple’s stack of Franklins, Grants and Jacksons has steadily grown over the past few years. Five years ago, Apple had “just” $110.2 billion in cash. And Apple has increasingly stashed away most of its cash overseas for tax purposes. Apple CFO Luca Maestri said in February that $230 billion of its cash was held abroad. But there are growing hopes that Apple might soon be able to bring back, or repatriate, this cash to the United States at a one-time lower tax rate if President Trump is able to get his tax plan through Congress. Apple could use the cash to hire more workers, build more plants, make acquisitions, repurchase stock and boost its dividend. Some argue that if Apple and other tech giants were allowed to bring back cash to the U.S., it could stimulate the entire economy. To put into context just how much money a quarter trillion really is, consider the following. Apple’s cash, if it were its own company, would be the 11th largest firm in the S&P 500. Besides Apple, Google owner Alphabet, Microsoft, Amazon, Facebook, Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway, ExxonMobil, Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and General Electric have market valuations higher than $250 billion. And Apple’s cash is worth only slightly less than all of GE. It’s also worth more than well-known blue chips AT&T, Walmart, Home Depot, Coca-Cola and Disney. (AT&T is in the process of acquiring CNNMoney owner Time Warner. By the way, Apple’s cash is worth more than three times Time Warner’s market value.) Apple’s pot of gold, so to speak, is also worth more than Bank of America, Pfizer, Procter & Gamble, Visa, Verizon and Comcast. Want more mind-boggling comparisons? $250 billion in cash is about 10 times the market value of Snapchat parent Snap. It is 3.5 times the valuation of Uber, and 20 times that of Twitter. It’s also nearly 50 times the market cap of BlackBerry, the former king of mobile phones that is now focusing more on software. As Matt Damon famously said in “Good Will Hunting” — How do you like them Apples? Fox News' 30 day long nightmare Girls Who Code founder to Ivanka Trump: Don't use my story Related Posts Kickass Torrents’ huge file sharing site shut down by feds Hispanic leaders urge NBC to cut ties to Donald Trump IKEA launching mini stores on main streets Revenue Dept. Debuts Online List to get Tax Scofflaws to Pay What They Owe Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Blucora Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Blucora Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News The Advisory Board Company (ABCO) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” Blucora Inc (BCOR) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Aspen Group Inc (ASPU) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Bank of Montreal (BMO) to Hold Advanced Semiconductor Engnrng Inc (ASX) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Avangrid Inc (AGR) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Africa Oil Corp (AOIFF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Has $14.107 Million Stake in Unilever plc (UL) First Republic Bank (FRC) Position Decreased by Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Edgewell Personal Care Co (EPC) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.08 EPS Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Acquires Shares of 716,282 Telefonica Brasil SA (VIV) Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Has $11.459 Million Position in Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Genetic Technologies Limited (GENE) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.10 Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC Buys 94,639 Shares of Modine Manufacturing Co. (MOD) Aegion Corp (AEGN) Position Boosted by Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Cameco Corp (CCJ) Stake Lowered by Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Voya Financial Inc (VOYA) Position Lowered by Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC Sells 1,135,208 Shares of Penn National Gaming, Inc (PENN) Blucora Inc (BCOR) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research May 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Blucora Inc (NASDAQ:BCOR) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report issued on Tuesday. The brokerage presently has a $21.00 price target on the information services provider’s stock. Zacks Investment Research’s target price would suggest a potential upside of 11.70% from the company’s current price. According to Zacks, “Blucora, Inc. is engaged in providing internet-based solutions for consumers and business partners. It owns and operates two Internet businesses. Blucora’s InfoSpace business provides online search and monetization solutions. The Company’s TaxACT business provides online tax preparation solutions to consumers and professional preparers. Blucora, Inc., formerly known as InfoSpace, Inc., is headquartered in Bellevue, Washington. “ A number of other research analysts also recently issued reports on BCOR. Standpoint Research downgraded shares of Blucora from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Benchmark Co. upped their target price on shares of Blucora from $18.00 to $19.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 17th. TheStreet raised shares of Blucora from a “d+” rating to a “c-” rating in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Finally, Craig Hallum assumed coverage on shares of Blucora in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $25.00 price target on the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $20.25. Shares of Blucora (NASDAQ:BCOR) remained flat at $18.80 during trading on Tuesday. 509,202 shares of the company were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average is $17.25 and its 200-day moving average is $15.21. Blucora has a 52 week low of $7.47 and a 52 week high of $19.10. The company’s market capitalization is $791.20 million. Blucora (NASDAQ:BCOR) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 16th. The information services provider reported ($0.18) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.27) by $0.09. The firm earned $86.80 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $83.39 million. Blucora had a negative net margin of 27.61% and a positive return on equity of 3.38%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 2.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted ($0.19) EPS. On average, equities research analysts expect that Blucora will post $1.22 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/02/blucora-inc-bcor-upgraded-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other news, Director Andrew Miles Snyder sold 30,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $16.14, for a total value of $484,200.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 43,910 shares in the company, valued at approximately $708,707.40. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Insiders sold a total of 540,820 shares of company stock worth $9,220,195 in the last quarter. Company insiders own 10.40% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Northpointe Capital LLC purchased a new stake in Blucora during the third quarter valued at about $3,990,000. Alambic Investment Management L.P. bought a new stake in shares of Blucora during the third quarter worth about $161,000. Aperio Group LLC bought a new stake in shares of Blucora during the third quarter worth about $121,000. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its stake in shares of Blucora by 58.4% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 33,099 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $371,000 after buying an additional 12,200 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Blucora by 172.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 78,889 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $884,000 after buying an additional 49,939 shares during the period. 82.04% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Blucora Company Profile Blucora, Inc is a provider of technology-enabled financial solutions to consumers, small business owners and tax professionals. The Company operates through the Wealth Management and Tax Preparation segments. The Company’s Wealth Management segment consists of HD Vest, which provides financial advisors with an integrated platform of brokerage, investment advisory and insurance services to assist in making each financial advisor a financial service center for his/her clients The Company’s Tax Preparation segment provides digital do-it-yourself (DDIY) tax preparation solutions for consumers, small business owners and tax professionals. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Blucora (BCOR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Blucora Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Blucora Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
