Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio Stocks Forex Commodities Gold & Silver Today's Pick Portfolio Tracker Wall Street little changed as financials drop, defensive stocks gain Reuters comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet June 1, 2017:   US stocks were little changed on Wednesday as financials dropped after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness, offsetting gains in defensive plays. JPMorgan blamed lower volatility for a 15 per cent decline in trading revenue in the current quarter compared with last year, while Bank of America said trading revenue in the second quarter was on track to be 10 to 12 per cent lower than last year. Financials rallied more than 20 per cent in the wake of the US presidential election on hopes of fiscal stimulus and deregulation under President Donald Trump, but they have struggled in recent weeks. The sector is now down 0.3 per cent on the year. “All the things that Trump told us were going to happen, which was infrastructure spend, deregulation, tax reform, people dont believe any of those will happen, certainly the magnitude and with the speed the market had originally priced in,” said Ernesto Ramos, head of equities at BMO Global Asset Management in Chicago. “That is why youve seen a lot of the move back, specifically banks.” Measures of market volatility are at rock-bottom, hitting trading desks at big banks. The US stock market's main gauge of investor anxiety closed at its lowest level in over two decades on May 8 and has not topped its long-term average of 20 since November. It did, however, hit a seven-day high of 11.30 on Wednesday. JPMorgan shares lost 2.1 per cent, while Bank of America was down 1.9 per cent as the two biggest weights on the S&P 500. Goldman Sachs fell 3.3 per cent, the biggest drag on the Dow. Defensive plays such as utilities, up 0.46 per cent and telecoms, up 0.35 per cent, were the bright spots as enthusiasm fades for sectors that would benefit from Trump policies. Energy stocks, down 0.4 per cent, also lost ground. Oil prices touched a three-week low as rising output from Nigeria and Libya fuelled concerns that OPEC-led output cuts are being undermined. US crude settled down 2.7 per cent at $48.32 a barrel and Brent settled 3 per cent lower at $50.1. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 20.82 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 21,008.65, the S&P 500 lost 1.1 points, or 0.05 per cent, to 2,411.81 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 4.67 points, or 0.08 per cent, to 6,198.52. Shares of Michael Kors plunged 8.5 per cent to $33.18. The luxury fashion retailer gave a bleak full-year forecast and said it would shut more than 100 full-price retail stores in the next two years. Mallinckrodt closed down 1.2 per cent at $43.13 after sources said the drugmaker is exploring a sale of its generic drug unit for as much as $2 billion. Analog Devices rose 1.1 per cent to $85.76 after the chipmaker's quarterly results came in above expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.01-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.04-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows. About 7.85 billion shares changed hands in US exchanges, above the 6.72 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (This article was published on June 1, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS Markets Live: Sensex trading flat; healthcare, FMCG stocks top gainers Sensex trading flat on weak macroeconomic data; healthcare, FMCG top gainers TOPICS economy, business and finance | stocks and shares | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Markets Live: Sensex trading flat; healthcare, FMCG stocks top gainers Markets Live More... Tweet O P E N close Recent Article in Stocks Pfizer shares soar over 7% on AstraZeneca deal Shares of Pfizer Ltd surge... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Opinion Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Negative euro zone bond yields epitomise everything that’s wrong in markets  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Global Economy COMMENTARY Macroscope by Nicholas Spiro Negative euro zone bond yields epitomise everything that’s wrong in markets Sub-zero-yielding debt has allowed European market sentiment to become dangerously detached from countries’ underlying fundamentals PUBLISHED : Thursday, 01 June, 2017, 10:05am UPDATED : Thursday, 01 June, 2017, 10:05am Comments:   Nicholas Spiro Share PrintEmail Related topics Macroscope Bonds Eurozone Central Banks Quantitative Easing Banking & Finance Investing Related Articles Opinion Things are getting crazy, but not crazy enough to call the next crash 31 May 2017 Opinion China at the core of changing global currency constellation 30 May 2017 Opinion Dollar bubble has popped–time for others to enjoy the limelight 29 May 2017 For an indication of the breadth and depth of the distortions in financial markets, even as the US Federal Reserve begins to normalise monetary policy and speculation mounts over the timing of an end to quantitative easing in the euro zone, look no further than the renewed increase in the global stock of negative-yielding government debt. This Alice-in-Wonderland world of sub-zero interest rates – bonds which, if held to maturity, result in a loss for investors as bondholders effectively pay governments for the privilege of lending them money – appeared to be slowly returning to normal towards the end of last year. Yet in its latest negative yield index monitor, published last month, which tracks and analyses the international stock of sovereign bonds offering yields below zero per cent, JPMorgan notes that the share of negative-yielding debt in its benchmark index for government bonds in developed markets has been rising again over the past few months. The increase, moreover, is attributable to the renewed decline in bond yields in Europe, a region that has been enjoying surprisingly robust economic growth this year and which, under the normal circumstances, ought to be experiencing a rise in yields as economic conditions improve. However, according to JPMorgan, while the stock of negative-yielding bonds in the index for government bonds in developed markets has fallen significantly from a peak of nearly US$13 trillion in July 2016, it started rising again in March, increasing from just over US$8 trillion in February to nearly US$10 trillion by mid-April before retreating last month to stand at US$9.2 trillion in early May. The main reason for the renewed increase is a reduction in perceived political risk in the euro zone following the victory of pro-European centrist Emmanuel Macron in France’s presidential election last month. Since the first round of the election in late April, when it became clear that Macron was a virtual shoo-in for the presidency, the stock of negative-yielding debt in France shot up by US$60 billion, according to JPMorgan, helping drag down yields elsewhere in the euro zone, especially in Italy which, given the country’s political and banking-sector woes, would have suffered the most from a victory for the far-right in France’s election. France’s 10-year yield, which was above 1 per cent in mid-March, has sunk to 0.7 per cent (pretty much where it stood at the beginning of this year) while its two-year equivalent is once again falling deeper into negative territory, dropping to minus 0.5 per cent. What is more disturbing, however, is that even short-term borrowing costs in Italy – the next focal point of investor concern in Europe following the favourable outcome of France’s election – are back in negative territory after being positive for most of this year. It borders on the absurd that as much as US$3 trillion of the bloc’s government debt is still trading with a negative yield in a region whose economy is enjoying its fastest growth in six years According to JPMorgan, as much as US$450 billion of Italian government debt is now trading with a negative yield, accounting for nearly one-sixth of the 35 per cent or so of bonds in JPMorgan’s benchmark euro-zone government bond index currently in negative territory. That even in the euro zone – whose economy grew by a faster-than-expected 0.5 per cent in the first quarter of this year (outpacing the US) and which is expected to expand by an even brisker 0.7 per cent in the second quarter – more than a third of government debt still trades in negative territory shows just how distorted global asset prices have become. Much, if not all, of the blame lies with central banks, especially the European Central Bank and its Japanese counterpart, whose aggressive quantitative easing programmes are keeping bond yields anchored at historically low levels despite a pick-up in growth and inflation in both regions, most noticeably in the euro zone. In last month’s global fund manager survey produced by Bank of America Merrill Lynch, a record number of respondents claimed that global monetary policy had become too loose. While the ECB’s caution over withdrawing stimulus is justified, given the persistently subdued level of core inflation (which excludes volatile energy and food prices) in the euro zone, it borders on the absurd that as much as US$3 trillion of the bloc’s government debt is still trading with a negative yield in a region whose economy is enjoying its fastest growth in six years. Quite aside from the damaging effects of negative yields on the performance of long-term institutional investors, particularly pension funds and insurers, sub-zero-yielding debt has allowed market sentiment to become dangerously detached from countries’ underlying fundamentals. France may have averted a full-blown crisis by electing Macron as president, but Italy may not be as fortunate when it holds a crucial parliamentary election, possibly as early as this autumn. In the coming months, negative-yielding Italian bonds may emerge as the most conspicuous case of mispricing in global markets. Nicholas Spiro is a partner at Lauressa Advisory SCMP Today: HK Edition Get updates direct to your inbox E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list. business-article-page More articles by Nicholas Spiro US supplants Europe as main source of political risk 25 May 2017 - 10:37pm 1 Global currency swings show volatility is alive and kicking 23 May 2017 - 3:41pm Trump, Italy and emerging markets hang ominously over markets 18 May 2017 - 10:38pm   Most Popular Viewed 1 Give it up Uber, Hong Kong government’s not for U-turning 2 Bicycles are eating the lunch of China’s No. 1 car-sharing app 3 Home prices surge 20 per cent in a year ... but how high can they go? 4 Chinese Estates pockets HK$26m profit in Evergrande punt 5 Nan Fung Development pays US$3.16b for world’s costliest land site in Kai Tak Shared 1 Bicycles are eating the lunch of China’s No. 1 car-sharing app 2 Chinese Estates pockets HK$26m profit in Evergrande punt 3 Give it up Uber, Hong Kong government’s not for U-turning 4 Home prices surge 20 per cent in a year ... but how high can they go? 5 Nan Fung Development pays US$3.16b for world’s costliest land site in Kai Tak Commented 1 ‘NPC ruling on Legco oath hurt idea of judicial freedom’ 2 Home prices surge 20 per cent in a year ... but how high can they go? 3 Why Singapore casinos can’t collect from China’s high rollers 4 Chinese gang refill empty cans of Budweiser with beer from a tub 5 Uber Hong Kong appeals for public support in legalisation bid Promotions Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now! Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2017       You may also like Hong Kong What does paddling a dragon boat during a furious race look like? May 30th 2017, 6:27pm Control the technology or it will run your life In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Hong Kong How a store that still sells kerosene stoves became a treasure trove of the community May 27th 2017, 11:18am 3 UK property market: Why mortgage policy matters Brought to you by JLL Property Hong Kong’s banks raise mortgage rates after HKMA rules 27 May 2017 - 5:53pm Hong Kong Passengers left stranded after Cathay flight hits brake problem 25 May 2017 - 12:23am 53 World Outgoing WHO chief Margaret Chan defends her legacy May 24th 2017, 11:59am 5 Hong Kong Filipino woman falls to death in suspected window-cleaning accident 18 May 2017 - 5:45pm 35 Hong Kong Hong Kong HIV cases hit record high, with more younger men infected 20 May 2017 - 11:50pm 17 Opinion The US will regret snubbing China’s belt and road 19 May 2017 - 10:48pm 27 Post Magazine The Holga: how a Hong Kong-made camera became a cult classic 24 May 2017 - 12:37pm 2 Hong Kong The Star Ferry’s longest-serving coxswain worries about not having a successor May 20th 2017, 8:00am South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wyndham Worldwide Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wyndham Worldwide Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Proteostasis Therapeutics Inc (PTI) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Power Solutions International Inc (PSIX) to “Buy” Territorial Bancorp Inc (TBNK) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research UniFirst Corp (UNF) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Tencent Holdings Ltd (TCEHY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Tokio Marine Holdings Inc (TKOMY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research American Superconductor Co. (AMSC) PT Set at $10.00 by Roth Capital Bunzl plc (BNZL) Downgraded by HSBC Holdings plc Zebra Technologies Corp. (ZBRA) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Rating Reiterated by Seaport Global Securities EXACT Sciences Co. (EXAS) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Vetr Inc. Upgrades Shopify Inc (US) (SHOP) to “Buy” Aixtron Se (AIXA) Given a €5.50 Price Target at Baader Bank Barclays PLC Reaffirms Buy Rating for Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Ra Pharmaceuticals’ (RARX) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Old Second Bancorp Inc. (OSBC) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Lanxess AG (LXS) Given a €69.00 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC Ashmore Group (AJMPF) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Abeona Therapeutics’ (ABEO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Traders Sell Shares of SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) on Strength on Insider Selling JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sells 269,404 Shares of Wyndham Worldwide Co. (WYN) May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced its stake in Wyndham Worldwide Co. (NYSE:WYN) by 15.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 1,466,971 shares of the company’s stock after selling 269,404 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s holdings in Wyndham Worldwide were worth $123,651,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. James Investment Research Inc. increased its position in shares of Wyndham Worldwide by 154.0% in the first quarter. James Investment Research Inc. now owns 2,680 shares of the company’s stock valued at $226,000 after buying an additional 1,625 shares during the period. Northern Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Wyndham Worldwide by 16.6% in the third quarter. Northern Capital Management LLC now owns 47,050 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,168,000 after buying an additional 6,705 shares during the period. Winslow Asset Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Wyndham Worldwide by 107.4% in the first quarter. Winslow Asset Management Inc. now owns 85,019 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,166,000 after buying an additional 44,025 shares during the period. Karp Capital Management Corp acquired a new position in shares of Wyndham Worldwide during the first quarter valued at $4,652,000. Finally, AQR Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Wyndham Worldwide by 8.6% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 974,650 shares of the company’s stock valued at $74,434,000 after buying an additional 77,531 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 94.41% of the company’s stock. Wyndham Worldwide Co. (NYSE:WYN) traded up 0.99% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $100.99. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 951,761 shares. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $94.78 and a 200-day moving average price of $83.37. The company has a market capitalization of $10.53 billion, a PE ratio of 16.70 and a beta of 1.24. Wyndham Worldwide Co. has a 1-year low of $62.60 and a 1-year high of $102.44. Wyndham Worldwide (NYSE:WYN) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $1.14 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.11 by $0.03. Wyndham Worldwide had a return on equity of 71.67% and a net margin of 10.52%. The company had revenue of $1.32 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.31 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.12 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts predict that Wyndham Worldwide Co. will post $6.17 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 9th. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 26th will be given a dividend of $0.58 per share. This represents a $2.32 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.30%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 24th. Wyndham Worldwide’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 38.31%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/jpmorgan-chase-co-sells-269404-shares-of-wyndham-worldwide-co-wyn.html. WYN has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Wyndham Worldwide from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $89.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. MKM Partners reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $111.00 price objective (up previously from $95.00) on shares of Wyndham Worldwide in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. Stifel Nicolaus dropped their price objective on shares of Wyndham Worldwide from $108.00 to $90.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Janney Montgomery Scott reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $87.00 price objective on shares of Wyndham Worldwide in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a $97.00 price objective (up previously from $94.00) on shares of Wyndham Worldwide in a research note on Monday, April 17th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $85.67. In other news, Director Brian Mulroney sold 421 shares of Wyndham Worldwide stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.01, for a total transaction of $34,947.21. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, VP Mary R. Falvey sold 24,471 shares of Wyndham Worldwide stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $83.55, for a total value of $2,044,552.05. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 89,218 shares in the company, valued at $7,454,163.90. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 61,258 shares of company stock worth $5,181,313. 2.03% of the stock is owned by insiders. Wyndham Worldwide Company Profile Wyndham Worldwide Corporation is a hospitality company. The Company offers a range of hospitality services and products through its global portfolio of brands. The Company operates through three segments: Wyndham Hotel Group, Wyndham Destination Network and Wyndham Vacation Ownership. The Company’s brands include Wyndham Hotels and Resorts, Ramada, Days Inn, Super 8, Howard Johnson, Wingate by Wyndham, Microtel Inns & Suites by Wyndham, TRYP by Wyndham, Dolce Hotels and Resorts, RCI, Landal GreenParks, Novasol, Hoseasons, cottages.com, James Villa Holidays, Wyndham Vacation Rentals, Wyndham Vacation Resorts, Shell Vacations Club and WorldMark by Wyndham. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WYN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wyndham Worldwide Co. (NYSE:WYN). Receive News & Ratings for Wyndham Worldwide Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wyndham Worldwide Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Cricket World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessMarkets Jun 01, 2017 07:40 AM IST | Source: Reuters Wall Street little changed as financials drop, defensive stocks gain Financials rallied more than 20 percent in the wake of the U.S. presidential election on hopes of fiscal stimulus and deregulation under President Donald Trump, but they have struggled in recent weeks. US stocks were little changed on Wednesday as financials dropped after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness, offsetting gains in defensive plays. JPMorgan blamed lower volatility for a 15 percent decline in trading revenue in the current quarter compared with last year, while Bank of America said trading revenue in the second quarter was on track to be 10 to 12 percent lower than last year. Financials rallied more than 20 percent in the wake of the US presidential election on hopes of fiscal stimulus and deregulation under President Donald Trump, but they have struggled in recent weeks. The sector is now down 0.3 percent on the year. "All the things that Trump told us were going to happen, which was infrastructure spend, deregulation, tax reform, people don‘t believe any of those will happen, certainly the magnitude and with the speed the market had originally priced in," said Ernesto Ramos, head of equities at BMO Global Asset Management in Chicago. "That is why you have seen a lot of the move back, specifically banks." Measures of market volatility are at rock-bottom, hitting trading desks at big banks. The U.S. stock market's main gauge of investor anxiety closed at its lowest level in over two decades on May 8 and has not topped its long-term average of 20 since November. It did, however, hit a seven-day high of 11.30 on Wednesday. JPMorgan shares lost 2.1 percent while Bank of America was down 1.9 percent as the two biggest weights on the S&P 500. Goldman Sachs fell 3.3 percent, the biggest drag on the Dow. Defensive plays such as utilities , up 0.46 percent and telecoms , up 0.35 percent, were the bright spots as enthusiasm fades for sectors that would benefit from Trump policies. Energy stocks , down 0.4 percent, also lost ground. Oil prices touched a three-week low as rising output from Nigeria and Libya fuelled concerns that OPEC-led output cuts are being undermined. U.S. crude settled down 2.7 percent at $48.32 a barrel and Brent settled 3 percent lower at $50.1. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 20.82 points, or 0.1 percent, to 21,008.65, the S&P 500 lost 1.1 points, or 0.05 percent, to 2,411.81 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 4.67 points, or 0.08 percent, to 6,198.52. Shares of Michael Kors plunged 8.5 percent to $33.18. The luxury fashion retailer gave a bleak full-year forecast and said it would shut more than 100 full-price retail stores in the next two years. Mallinckrodt closed down 1.2 percent at $43.13 after sources said the drugmaker is exploring a sale of its generic drug unit for as much as $2 billion. Analog Devices rose 1.1 percent to $85.76 after the chipmaker's quarterly results came in above expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.01-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.04-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows.About 7.85 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, above the 6.72 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. tags #Business #markets #Wall Street Related news Business From biscuits to pulses, Parle diversifies Jun 01, 2017 12:30 PM Business As domestic output slides, govt steps up supervision of ONGC and Oil India Jun 01, 2017 12:16 PM Business Citi India Investor Conference 2017: Find out what Citi India is betting big on Jun 01, 2017 12:07 PM Business Escorts tractors sales jump 29% in May, stock price hits record high Jun 01, 2017 11:56 AM Business Shriram Transport Finance expects formal economy to benefit from GST Jun 01, 2017 11:55 AM Business Facing job cuts, IT needs capitalism in mind, socialism in heart: Narayana Murthy Jun 01, 2017 11:51 AM Business Indian rupee seen trading 64.45-64.70 for the day as month-end demand for USD abates Jun 01, 2017 11:46 AM Business HDFC-Max Life to re-work merger plan: Sources Jun 01, 2017 11:29 AM Business Brezza, Alto, WagonR lift Maruti Suzuki sales 11% in May but exports drop 36% Jun 01, 2017 11:18 AM News Most Popular Top News Early rains to shower hope for Sensex; top 10 stocks to chase this monsoon Tata Motors cuts up to 1,500 managerial jobs Mid & smallcap stocks crack; 10 stocks which can give up to 50% return This smallcap could pump more profits as it now starts to leverage its assets To find hidden gems, track PE ratio! 15 stocks which more than doubled in last 1 year After GDP growth pangs, India Inc calls on RBI to cut rates Market Live: Sensex, Nifty trade in a narrow range; Maruti falls on weak auto sales Facing job cuts, IT needs capitalism in mind, socialism in heart: Narayana Murthy see more Video of the day Short-term correction in the market likely; select pharma cos positioned to rally: Quantum Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Reuters
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Science Applications International Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Science Applications International Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research ClariVest Asset Management LLC Buys 20,077 Shares of Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet ClariVest Asset Management LLC increased its position in Science Applications International Corp (NYSE:SAIC) by 59.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 53,795 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock after buying an additional 20,077 shares during the period. ClariVest Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Science Applications International Corp were worth $4,003,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of SAIC. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Science Applications International Corp by 111.5% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 928,036 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock worth $69,045,000 after buying an additional 489,349 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of Science Applications International Corp during the fourth quarter worth approximately $41,469,000. AQR Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Science Applications International Corp by 122.8% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 502,575 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock worth $42,618,000 after buying an additional 276,984 shares during the last quarter. Scout Investments Inc. increased its stake in shares of Science Applications International Corp by 73.8% in the first quarter. Scout Investments Inc. now owns 401,080 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock worth $21,394,000 after buying an additional 170,273 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Matarin Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Science Applications International Corp during the third quarter worth approximately $9,932,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 66.48% of the company’s stock. Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) traded up 0.04% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $75.99. The company had a trading volume of 436,639 shares. Science Applications International Corp has a 1-year low of $54.66 and a 1-year high of $89.87. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $73.50 and a 200-day moving average of $81.11. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.31 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.60 and a beta of 1.60. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/clarivest-asset-management-llc-buys-20077-shares-of-science-applications-international-corp-saic.html. A number of analysts have recently commented on SAIC shares. Cowen and Company lowered their target price on Science Applications International Corp from $82.00 to $75.00 and set a “market perform” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Seaport Global Securities started coverage on Science Applications International Corp in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $93.00 target price on the stock. Citigroup Inc lowered their target price on Science Applications International Corp from $86.00 to $83.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Vertical Research initiated coverage on Science Applications International Corp in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $91.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut Science Applications International Corp from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. Science Applications International Corp has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $86.14. In other Science Applications International Corp news, insider Nazzic S. Keene sold 8,580 shares of Science Applications International Corp stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $72.45, for a total value of $621,621.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 34,826 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,523,143.70. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 2.28% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Science Applications International Corp Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC) is a provider of technical, engineering and enterprise information technology (IT) services. The Company provides its services primarily to the United States Government, including the Department of Defense (DoD), the intelligence community and federal civilian agencies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SAIC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Science Applications International Corp (NYSE:SAIC). Receive News & Ratings for Science Applications International Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Science Applications International Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Politics Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox Boston Celtics New England Patriots Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Business Business Home Business Breakfast People on the Move Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Food Sustainable Living Things to do in Maine Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate Auto Jobs Public Notices Puzzles Crossword Sudoku Podcasts Events CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com e-Edition Newsletters and Alerts Support Reader Services Home Delivery Help FAQs Contact Subscribe Contact Advertising Open Pressherald Home Menu News News Hundreds turn out to toast The Griffin Club’s very last call More Headlines Senate Republicans offer $100 million for schools if voter-approved tax surcharge is repealed Portland outlines proposal for $300,000 skateboard park expansion More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Politics Community News Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Business Business Hundreds turn out to toast The Griffin Club’s very last call More Headlines SpaceX Dragon to take recycling to new heights Dakota Access oil pipeline to begin shipping Thursday More in Business Business Breakfast On the Job People on the Move Opinion Opinion Leonard Pitts: When eighth-graders snub a ‘thoughtful’ conservative, time to think about why More Headlines Maine Voices: Why do so many Republicans spurn Clean Election financing? Greg Kesich: Our reactions to finding or losing a $20 bill reveal a great deal about us More in Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Sports Sports Sports Digest: Sea Dogs get swept on road by Reading Fightin Phils More Headlines Sandoval returns, gets 3 hits as Pomeranz, Red Sox top White Sox 4-1 Penguins score three quick goals to start third in Game 2 win More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox Boston Celtics New England Patriots Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Lifestyle Lifestyle Hundreds turn out to toast The Griffin Club’s very last call More Headlines Portland outlines proposal for $300,000 skateboard park expansion Founding publisher of Surfer magazine John Severson dies at 83 More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Restaurant reviews Arts & Entertainment Books Things to do in Maine Religion and Values Sudoku Crossword Obituaries Real Estate Real Estate ‘Little’ upgrades can mean a lot to home-buyers More Headlines 181 Western Promenade, Portland 79 Temple St., Saco More in Real Estate Home of the Week Featured Home Public Notices Jobs Auto Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe>   Business Posted Yesterday at 8:13 PM increase font size U.S. markets erode further as banks and technology companies turn lower Financial stocks are hit hard amid reports their trading businesses are having a poor quarter. By MARLEY JAYAAssociated Press Share Comment Read Article NEW YORK — U.S. stock indexes edged lower for the second day in a row Wednesday as a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for technology companies canceled out gains for drugmakers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell hard as executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. An eight-day winning streak for technology companies ended. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drugmakers, and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The New York Stock Exchange was evenly split between gainers and losers. “The stock market has been strong and all the while bond yields have dropped during the year,” signaling caution about the economy, said Brent Schutte, chief investment strategist for Northwestern Mutual Management. “In the next couple of months we’re going to solve which is right: the bond market or the stock market.” The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 1.11 points, or less than 0.1 percent, to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 20.82 points, or 0.1 percent, to 21,008.65. The Nasdaq composite fell 4.67 points, or 0.1 percent, to 6,198.52. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks slipped 0.99 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,370.21. Banks had skidded a day earlier as bond yields dropped, which hurts banks by forcing interest rates on loans lower. Yields were little changed Wednesday, but financial firms fell again as investors worried that banks’ revenue from trading stocks, bonds and currencies is going to weaken in the second quarter. At a financial industry conference in New York, Marianne Lake, JPMorgan Chase’s chief financial officer, said JPMorgan’s trading revenue is down about 15 percent this quarter because of a drop in fixed-income trading. She said that was because of low interest rates and remarkably low market volatility. “There is not a lot to trade around,” she said. “People have cash but no conviction.” At a different industry event Wednesday, Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan said second-quarter trading revenue will fall 10 percent compared with a year ago. The banking industry had an outstanding first quarter, and trading was a key reason. On Wednesday, JPMorgan Chase fell $1.75, or 2.1 percent, to $82.15 and Bank of America lost 43 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $22.41. Capital One slumped $1.36, or 1.7 percent, to $76.92 and Goldman Sachs, which saw its vaunted trading business hit a speed bump in the first quarter, gave up $7.16, or 3.3 percent, to $211.26. Bond prices were little changed. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note remained at 2.21 percent. Technology companies turned lower. The tech sector has reached its highest levels since the dot-com boom, and companies like Apple, Google parent Alphabet and Facebook have done far better than the rest of the market in 2017. Apple and Facebook are up 32 percent this year, and Alphabet is up 25 percent. All three slid Wednesday. Pfizer rose 52 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $32.65 and Irish drugmaker Perrigo climbed $4.93, or 7.3 percent, to $72.85 after its first-quarter report was better than expected. Health care products maker Johnson & Johnson advanced $1.14 to $128.25. Benchmark U.S. crude lost $1.34, or 2.7 percent, to $48.32 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the standard for international oil prices, fell $1.53, or 3 percent, to $50.31 a barrel in London. Energy stocks continued to decline. Exxon Mobil sank 60 cents to $80.50 and Hess declined 78 cents, or 1.7 percent, to $45.89. Michael Kors Holdings hit a five-year low after it said it will close up to 125 stores as its sales have remained weak. The luxury retailer said sales at older stores dropped in its latest quarter and investors were disappointed with its projections for the current quarter. The stock tumbled $3.09, or 8.5 percent, to $33.18. Solar power companies sank as investors wondered if President Trump will seek to remove the U.S. from the Paris climate change accords. Officials from the European Union said the EU and China will maintain their commitments to the pact. Shares of First Solar, the largest U.S. solar company, declined 99 cents, or 2.5 percent, to $38.51. SunPower fell 28 cents, or 3.4 percent, to $7.87 while solar wafer maker Canadian Solar retreated 73 cents, or 5.4 percent, to $12.81. The dollar slipped to 110.57 yen from 110.78 yen. The euro rose to $1.1246 from $1.1188. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline lost 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Heating oil gave up 3 cents to $1.52 a gallon. Natural gas dropped 7 cents to $3.07 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold rose $9.70 to $1,265.40 an ounce. Silver fell 2 cents to $17.41 an ounce. Copper gained 2 cents to $2.58 a pound. European stocks gave up an early gain. The DAX in Germany remained up 0.1 percent, but France’s CAC 40 lost 0.4 percent and the British FTSE 100 fell 0.1 percent. Japan’s Nikkei 225 index dipped 0.1 percent and South Korea’s Kospi gained 0.2 percent. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong inched down 0.1 percent. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
 Business  Contact  About  Services  Werewolf Wellington Scoop Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Community Review of Books InfoPages Front Page Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health    Contact  About  Services Scoop Front Page Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Network Werewolf Wellington Scoop Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Community Review of Books InfoPages Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search   Related Email Print Scoop  Business Tweet While you were sleeping: Banks drop on revenue updates Thursday, 1 June 2017, 10:54 am Article: BusinessDesk Thursday 01 June 2017 07:40 AM While you were sleeping: Banks drop on revenue updates By Margreet Dietz June 1 (BusinessDesk) - Wall Street weakened as bank stocks fell following disappointing revenue updates from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America. Executives of the two biggest US banks said second-quarter trading revenue was set to drop at least 10 percent, according to media reports. In 2.45pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average declined 0.15 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index slid 0.3 percent. In 2.30pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index advanced shed 0.21 percent. The Dow weakened as slides in shares of Goldman Sachs and those of JPMorgan Chase, down 3.4 percent and 2.4 percent respectively, outweighed gains in shares of Pfizer and those of Johnson & Johnson, recently up 1.7 percent and 1 percent respectively. Shares of Bank of America dropped 2.9 percent as of 2.58pm in New York. In other earnings disappointments, shares of Michael Kors sank, down 9 percent as of 3.07pm, after the luxury fashion retailer offered a full-year earnings outlook that fell short of expectations. It also announced plans to close between as many as 125 of its full-price retail stores over the next two years. Also sliding was the price of oil amid fresh concern about the global glut. “There doesn’t seem to be an end to supply out there,” Bob Yawger, director of the futures division at Mizuho Securities USA in New York, told Bloomberg. “And demand is not exactly rip-roaring." Meanwhile, a National Association of Realtors report showed its pending home sales index fell 1.3 percent to 109.8 in April, from a downwardly revised 111.3 in March. Significantly weak supply levels are spurring deteriorating affordability conditions, Lawrence Yun, NAR chief economist, said in the report. “Much of the country for the second straight month saw a pullback in pending sales as the rate of new listings continues to lag the quicker pace of homes coming off the market," according to Yun. “Realtors are indicating that foot traffic is higher than a year ago, but it's obviously not translating to more sales." “Prospective buyers are feeling the double whammy this spring of inventory that's down 9 percent from a year ago and price appreciation that's much faster than any rise they've likely seen in their income,” Yun noted. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.21 percent decline from the previous close. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index fell 0.1 percent, while France’s CAC40 Index dropped 0.4 percent. Germany’s DAX Index rose 0.1 percent. A YouGov poll showed that UK Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in in next month’s election. When asked by a reporter if she would resign if she lost seats, May dodged the question, saying that the only poll that mattered was the election on June 8, Reuters reported. (BusinessDesk) ends © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. Contact BusinessDesk Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH   Scoops Coverage: Budget 2017 Announcements, reaction, and analysis, as well as a look back at the leadup to Budget 2017. More>> Transport: State Highway 1 South Of Kaikoura Reopens For Long Weekend State Highway 1, south of Kaikoura, will reopen to all traffic on Friday morning in time for the Queen’s Birthday long weekend, Transport Minister Simon Bridges says. More>> ALSO: NZ First - Rates Rises And Kaikoura Misses Out in Budget KiwiRail - Safety a priority as trains head towards Kaikoura Harrison Grierson - Call for wiser tourism infrastructure spending Banks: NZ Financial System Is Sound But Continues To Face Risks New Zealand’s financial system remains sound and the risks facing the system have reduced in the past six months, Reserve Bank Governor Graeme Wheeler said today when releasing the Bank’s May Financial Stability Report. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - NZ financial system sound, still faces risks Labour - Housing crisis still a major risk to financial stability HiFX - RBNZ Financial Stability Report Myrtle Rust: Infections Found At 26 Sites The affected properties include private gardens, plant nurseries and retailers and an orchard. The stats stand at: 21 properties in Taranaki, 3 in Northland and 2 in Waikato. More>> Burgers To America: BurgerFuel Opens In The USA BurgerFuel Worldwide are excited to announce the opening of their first USA based restaurant in Indianapolis, hot off the back of the Indy 500. More>> English On Budget: Businesses Over-Egg Corporate Tax Cuts Cutting New Zealand's 28 percent corporate tax rate is "not a panacea in the way business groups sometimes market it," says Prime Minister Bill English. More>> ALSO: Liana Pantaleo - PM's Press Conference 29/05/17: Two more troops? BusinessDesk - Alternative infrastructure financing talks making headway Scoop Full Coverage - Budget 2017 - Scoop Full Coverage  Submit News / Press Releases   Follow Scoop on Facebook   Follow Scoop on Twitter       Featured InfoPages     Bill Bennett on Tech Mobile termination rate revision not pressing 30 May | Bill Bennett IBM remote work recall a red herring 29 May | Bill Bennett RBI2 bidders at Rural Connectivity Symposium 29 May | Bill Bennett Edifier R1700BT speakers review: Luxury Bluetooth ... 28 May | Bill Bennett Telecommunications monitoring report: Are you bein... 23 May | Bill Bennett Terabyte looms as Vocus users download 430GB a mon... 19 May | Bill Bennett More  RSS   Business Scoop Valuecruncher Going away this long Queen’s Birthday Weekend? 5:39 PM | admin Mayor’s annual budget a win for Aucklanders 5:38 PM | admin Country of origin bill could affect family food bu... 5:37 PM | admin Staff Culture The Biggest Hurdle in Health and Saf... 5:34 PM | admin Entries open for NZI Sustainable Business Network ... 5:18 PM | admin Int’l business events deliver $311m to NZ economy 5:02 PM | admin Work to continue over winter on SH2 Te Puna rounda... 4:54 PM | admin More  RSS  News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More  RSS  News Alerts     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News Finance NZ & AUS Shares Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Scoop Newsagent News Intelligence Email Alerts      Contact  About  Services  View as: FULL SITE | MOBILE SITE Scoop Contact About Services Newsagent Connect Submit News Social Media Scoop Network Scoop Foundation Ethical Paywall Accredited Orgs. Licensing Terms of Use Apply for a licence © Scoop Media  
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Thursday, Jun 01, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Stock Market U.S. stocks slide further as banks and energy companies sink ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on May 31, 2017 | Updated 4:31 p. m. Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print NEW YORK — U.S. stock indexes edged lower for the second day in a row Wednesday as a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for technology companies canceled out gains for drugmakers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell hard as executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. An eight-day winning streak for technology companies ended. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drugmakers, and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The New York Stock Exchange was evenly split between gainers and losers. RELATED: Searchable stock indexes “The stock market has been strong and all the while bond yields have dropped during the year,” signaling caution about the economy, said Brent Schutte, chief investment strategist for Northwestern Mutual Management. “In the next couple of months we’re going to solve which is right: the bond market or the stock market.” The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 1.11 points, or less than 0.1 percent, to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 20.82 points, or 0.1 percent, to 21,008.65. The Nasdaq composite fell 4.67 points, or 0.1 percent, to 6,198.52. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks slipped 0.99 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,370.21. Banks skidded a day earlier as bond yields dropped, which hurts banks by forcing interest rates on loans lower. Yields were little changed Wednesday, but financial firms fell again as investors worried that banks’ revenue from trading stocks, bonds and currencies is going to weaken in the second quarter. At a financial industry conference in New York, Marianne Lake, JPMorgan Chase’s chief financial officer, said JPMorgan’s trading revenue is down about 15 percent this quarter because of a drop in fixed-income trading. She said that was because of low interest rates and remarkably low market volatility. “There is not a lot to trade around,” she said. “People have cash but no conviction.” At a different industry event Wednesday, Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan said second-quarter trading revenue will fall 10 percent compared to a year ago. The banking industry had an outstanding first quarter, and trading was a key reason. JPMorgan Chase fell $1.75, or 2.1 percent, to $82.15 and Bank of America lost 43 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $22.41. Capital One slumped $1.36, or 1.7 percent, to $76.92 and Goldman Sachs, which saw its vaunted trading business hit a speed bump in the first quarter, gave up $7.16, or 3.3 percent, to $211.26. Bond prices were little changed. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note remained at 2.21 percent. Technology companies turned lower. The tech sector has reached its highest levels since the dot-com boom and companies like Apple, Google parent Alphabet and Facebook have done far better than the rest of the market in 2017. Apple and Facebook are up 32 percent this year, and Alphabet is up 25 percent. All three slid Wednesday. Pfizer rose 52 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $32.65 and Irish drugmaker Perrigo climbed $4,93, or 7.3 percent, to $72.85 after its first-quarter report was better than expected. Health care products maker Johnson & Johnson advanced $1.14 to $128.25. Benchmark U.S. crude lost $1.34, or 2.7 percent, to $48.32 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the standard for international oil prices, fell $1.53, or 3 percent, to $50.31 a barrel in London. Energy stocks continued to decline. Exxon Mobil sank 60 cents to $80.50 and Hess declined 78 cents, or 1.7 percent, to $45.89. Michael Kors Holdings hit a five-year low after it said it will close up to 125 stores as its sales have remained weak. The luxury retailer said sales at older stores dropped in its latest quarter and investors were disappointed with its projections for the current quarter. The stock tumbled $3.09, or 8.5 percent, to $33.18. Solar power companies sank as investors wondered if President Donald Trump will seek to remove the U.S. from the Paris climate change accords. Officials from the European Union said the EU and China will maintain their commitments to the pact. Shares of First Solar, the largest U.S. solar company, declined 99 cents, or 2.5 percent, to $38.51. SunPower fell 28 cents, or 3.4 percent, to $7.87 while solar wafer maker Canadian Solar retreated 73 cents, or 5.4 percent, to $12.81. The dollar slipped to 110.57 yen from 110.78 yen. The euro rose to $1.1246 from $1.1188. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline lost 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Heating oil gave up 3 cents to $1.52 a gallon. Natural gas dropped 7 cents to $3.07 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold rose $9.70 to $1,265.40 an ounce. Silver fell 2 cents to $17.41 an ounce. Copper gained 2 cents to $2.58 a pound. European stocks gave up an early gain. The DAX in Germany remained up 0.1 percent, but France’s CAC 40 lost 0.4 percent and the British FTSE 100 fell 0.1 percent. Japan’s Nikkei 225 index dipped 0.1 percent and South Korea’s Kospi gained 0.2 percent. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong inched down 0.1 percent. Related Items European Union , East Asia , Asia , united states , north america , Brian Moynihan , Donald Trump , Michael Kors , Theresa May , johnson & johnson , Pfizer Inc , Bank of America Corporation , Hess Corp , Procter & Gamble Co , Clorox Co , JPMorgan Chase & Co Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories With No. 1 pick in hand, everything is in play for Danny Ainge New study says American families are overwhelmed by clutter, rarely eat together, and are generally stressed out about it all Drew Pomeranz pitches Red Sox over White Sox ‘Morning Joe’ co-hosts go from ‘SNL’ to Harvard Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Stocks slide further as banks, energy companies fall E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Associated Press  May 31, 2017 US stock indexes edged lower for the second day in a row Wednesday as a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for technology companies canceled out gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell hard as JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. An eight-day winning streak for technology companies ended. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers, and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. Advertisement The New York Stock Exchange was evenly split between gainers and losers. ‘‘The stock market has been strong and all the while bond yields have dropped during the year,’’ signaling caution about the economy, said Brent Schutte, chief investment strategist for Northwestern Mutual Management. ‘‘In the next couple of months we’re going to solve which is right: the bond market or the stock market.’’ Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent, to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent, to 21,008.65. The Nasdaq composite fell 0.1 percent, to 6,198.52. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks slipped 0.1 percent, to 1,370.21. Banks skidded a day earlier as bond yields dropped, which hurts banks by forcing interest rates on loans lower. Yields were little changed Wednesday, but financial firms fell again as investors worried that banks’ revenue from trading stocks, bonds, and currencies is going to weaken. At a conference in New York, Marianne Lake, JPMorgan Chase’s chief financial officer, said its trading revenue is down about 15 percent this quarter. Advertisement At a different industry event, Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan said second-quarter trading revenue will fall 10 percent from a year ago. The banking industry had an outstanding first quarter, and trading was a key reason. On Wednesday, JPMorgan stock fell 2.1 percent, and Bank of America lost 1.9 percent. Capital One slumped 1.7 percent, and Goldman Sachs gave up 3.3 percent. Technology companies turned lower. The tech sector has reached its highest levels since the dot-com boom and companies like Apple, Google parent Alphabet, and Facebook have done far better than the rest of the market in 2017. Apple and Facebook are up 32 percent this year, and Alphabet is up 25 percent. All three slid Wednesday. Michael Kors Holdings hit a five-year low after it said it will close up to 125 stores as sales remain weak. The stock tumbled 8.5 percent. Solar power companies sank as investors wondered if President Trump will seek to remove the United States from the Paris climate change accords. Officials from the European Union said the EU and China will maintain their commitments to the pact. First Solar, the largest US solar company, fell 2.5 percent. SunPower fell 3.4 percent. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why This Bank Sector Sell-Off Is So Troubling for the Bull Market By Jon C. Ogg May 31, 2017 1:20 pm EDT Print Email Tweet In late 2016 the markets rallied and rallied, and then they kept rallying into 2017. The financial services sector was one of the biggest beneficiaries of the Trump bump. The nation’s top money center banks fared incredibly well because they had the most to gain from deregulation and in a gradually rising interest rate environment. Now zoom forward to the end of May. Things are different, and that is right before the slow summer months. The Dow is still up 6.4% and the S&P 500 Index up 8% so far in 2017, but the financials have barely risen, and some are still down. On top of other growth drivers affecting the banks now looking less rosy, both Bank of America Corp. (NYSE: BAC) and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) have harmed the financials by talking down expectations on trading revenues in the second quarter. JPMorgan was signaling a 15% drop in trading revenues so far in the second quarter due to lower volatility. Bank of America’s trading revenues were also indicated to be lower by CEO Brian Moynihan. Other recent concerns have weighed on bank stocks. An unhealthy credit environment in car loans being more risky and delinquent has been hard to ignore, and credit card delinquency rates were also higher in the most recent quarter. On top of this new down-draft of news, some investors have dialed down expectations on just how aggressive the Federal Reserve will be on interest rate hikes in 2017 and in 2018, at the same time that growth expectations just are not coming in as high as the markets had previously hoped. Many of the Trump agenda efforts have also been pushed back on when and dialed down on how big, and many investors still wonder if any big changes will be seen this year or next. And on the long-term interest rate front, rates just haven’t stayed higher and that is a risk to the markets, based on growth expectations. The 10-year Treasury note was last seen with a 2.21% yield, when  yield — a measure of inflation expectations that also influences rates on different types of credit — slipped one basis point to 2.21% after having hit 2.60% in March of this year. And there is one more consideration about why the bank stock performance is so troubling. Bull markets usually cannot continue without the performance of the financial sector. They are large in value and their earnings broadly reflect the overall economic picture. Bank of America shares were last seen trading down almost 2.4% at $22.30. The bank’s stock chart matters here as the $20 handle has been a hard floor of support going all the way back to December. The shares are down from a 52-week and multiyear high of $25.80, and its consensus analyst price target is still up at about $26. Bank of America’s book value per share was listed as $24.19 in April, with a tangible book value per share of $17.14. Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C), the money center bank that trades at the biggest book value discount, was trading down just over 2% at $60.40 on Wednesday. It is down from a 52-week high of $62.69 but its shares were still up over 3% in 2017. Citi’s book value per share in April was $75.86, with a tangible book value of $65.94 per share. JPMorgan was down 1.8% at $82.37 a share. Team Dimon’s shares were last seen down almost 3% so far in 2017. Its book value was listed as $64.68 per share in April, and its tangible book value was $52.04 per share. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE: GS) traded down 3% at $211.89. The top financial stock of the Dow Jones Industrial Average is now down more than 8% so far in 2017, making it the worst of the big money center banks and brokerages featured here. Goldman Sachs has a serious pivot level to watch closely around $210. Goldman Sachs listed its book value at $184.98 in mid-April. Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS) was last seen down 2% at $41.44, but it was literally at a flat line for performance in 2017. This stock is up over 50% from a year ago. Morgan Stanley’s book value and tangible book value per common share at the end of the first quarter were listed as $37.48 and $32.49, respectively. Wells Fargo & Co. (NYSE: WFC) traded down almost 1.8% to $51.22, and the stock is now down 5.3% so far in 2017 and down about 10% over the past quarter. With its problems of the unapproved bank account openings for many customers, the stock is up the least of the entire group here, with a 2.5% gain from a year ago. Wells Fargo continues to trade at the largest book value premium versus peers, with its stated book value at the end of the first quarter at $35.70 per share. Its tangible book value per share was $29.79. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Jon C. Ogg « Crude Prices Tumble Ahead of US Inventory Report How Much Could Energen Fetch in a Buyout? » Read more: Banking & Finance, featured, Value Investing, Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC), Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C), Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS), Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The World's 31 Mega-Cities Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America The Most Dangerous City in Every State The World's 25 Fastest Growing Retailers Recent How Palo Alto Networks Beat Expectations Why HPE Earnings Were Not Enough Wednesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Southwestern Energy, Ensco Dip into Wednesday’s 52-Week Low Club Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Shopify Makes 2 Moves to Delight Its Customers Palo Alto Networks, Inc. Rides Customer Growth to a Strong Quarter Why CalAmp Corp. Shareholders Have Nothing to Worry About July WTI oil at $48.71/bbl, up from $48.32 Nymex settlement Oil prices edge up as sources say API reports bigger-than-expected fall in U.S. supply Palo Alto Networks shares rally 10% on earnings, outlook Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised Cuban entrepreneurs start first private business group Oil futures rise on U.S. stockpile draw At Pro-Trade Think Tank, Wilbur Ross Soothes Business Fears Over NAFTA Talks Trump's EPA Chief Aided Polluters For Years. Now Suddenly He Says The Mess Is A Priority Trump Quitting Paris Climate Deal Is About Ideology, Not Business Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman While you were sleeping: Banks drop on revenue updates Thursday, 1 June 2017, 10:54 am Article: BusinessDesk Thursday 01 June 2017 07:40 AM While you were sleeping: Banks drop on revenue updates By Margreet Dietz June 1 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street weakened as bank stocks fell following disappointing revenue updates from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America. Executives of the two biggest US banks said second-quarter trading revenue was set to drop at least 10 percent, according to media reports. In 2.45pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average declined 0.15 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index slid 0.3 percent. In 2.30pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index advanced shed 0.21 percent. The Dow weakened as slides in shares of Goldman Sachs and those of JPMorgan Chase, down 3.4 percent and 2.4 percent respectively, outweighed gains in shares of Pfizer and those of Johnson & Johnson, recently up 1.7 percent and 1 percent respectively. Shares of Bank of America dropped 2.9 percent as of 2.58pm in New York. In other earnings disappointments, shares of Michael Kors sank, down 9 percent as of 3.07pm, after the luxury fashion retailer offered a full-year earnings outlook that fell short of expectations. It also announced plans to close between as many as 125 of its full-price retail stores over the next two years. Also sliding was the price of oil amid fresh concern about the global glut. “There doesn’t seem to be an end to supply out there,” Bob Yawger, director of the futures division at Mizuho Securities USA in New York, told Bloomberg. “And demand is not exactly rip-roaring.” Meanwhile, a National Association of Realtors report showed its pending home sales index fell 1.3 percent to 109.8 in April, from a downwardly revised 111.3 in March. Significantly weak supply levels are spurring deteriorating affordability conditions, Lawrence Yun, NAR chief economist, said in the report. “Much of the country for the second straight month saw a pullback in pending sales as the rate of new listings continues to lag the quicker pace of homes coming off the market,” according to Yun. “Realtors are indicating that foot traffic is higher than a year ago, but it’s obviously not translating to more sales.” “Prospective buyers are feeling the double whammy this spring of inventory that’s down 9 percent from a year ago and price appreciation that’s much faster than any rise they’ve likely seen in their income,” Yun noted. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.21 percent decline from the previous close. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index fell 0.1 percent, while France’s CAC40 Index dropped 0.4 percent. Germany’s DAX Index rose 0.1 percent. A YouGov poll showed that UK Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in in next month’s election. When asked by a reporter if she would resign if she lost seats, May dodged the question, saying that the only poll that mattered was the election on June 8, Reuters reported. (BusinessDesk) ends © Scoop Media Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious All Articles Next PostNext FertilHerb™ Has a Breakthrough Fertility Supplement to Help All Men Improve Sperm Quality Search Recent Posts Bureau Veritas Consumer Products Services Supports World Environment Day 2017 Global Market Study on Digital Commerce Applications: Industry Analysis and Future Forecast Sawai Pharmaceutical Completes Acquisition Of Upsher-Smith Laboratories’ Generics Business CUA connecting communities through increased support for School Fun-Run Press Releases: Statement of Congratulations to New Government in Macedonia Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Banks drop on revenue updates 10:54 June 1, 2017Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk June 1 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street weakened as bank stocks fell following disappointing revenue updates from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America.Thursday 01 June 2017 07:40 AM While you were sleeping: Banks drop on revenue updates By Margreet Dietz June 1 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street weakened as bank stocks fell following disappointing revenue updates from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America. Executives of the two biggest US banks said second-quarter trading revenue was set to drop at least 10 percent, according to media reports. In 2.45pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average declined 0.15 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index slid 0.3 percent. In 2.30pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index advanced shed 0.21 percent. The Dow weakened as slides in shares of Goldman Sachs and those of JPMorgan Chase, down 3.4 percent and 2.4 percent respectively, outweighed gains in shares of Pfizer and those of Johnson & Johnson, recently up 1.7 percent and 1 percent respectively. Shares of Bank of America dropped 2.9 percent as of 2.58pm in New York. In other earnings disappointments, shares of Michael Kors sank, down 9 percent as of 3.07pm, after the luxury fashion retailer offered a full-year earnings outlook that fell short of expectations. It also announced plans to close between as many as 125 of its full-price retail stores over the next two years. Also sliding was the price of oil amid fresh concern about the global glut. “There doesn’t seem to be an end to supply out there,” Bob Yawger, director of the futures division at Mizuho Securities USA in New York, told Bloomberg. “And demand is not exactly rip-roaring.” Meanwhile, a National Association of Realtors report showed its pending home sales index fell 1.3 percent to 109.8 in April, from a downwardly revised 111.3 in March. Significantly weak supply levels are spurring deteriorating affordability conditions, Lawrence Yun, NAR chief economist, said in the report. “Much of the country for the second straight month saw a pullback in pending sales as the rate of new listings continues to lag the quicker pace of homes coming off the market,” according to Yun. “Realtors are indicating that foot traffic is higher than a year ago, but it’s obviously not translating to more sales.” “Prospective buyers are feeling the double whammy this spring of inventory that’s down 9 percent from a year ago and price appreciation that’s much faster than any rise they’ve likely seen in their income,” Yun noted. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.21 percent decline from the previous close. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index fell 0.1 percent, while France’s CAC40 Index dropped 0.4 percent. Germany’s DAX Index rose 0.1 percent. A YouGov poll showed that UK Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in in next month’s election. When asked by a reporter if she would resign if she lost seats, May dodged the question, saying that the only poll that mattered was the election on June 8, Reuters reported. (BusinessDesk) ends Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Going away this long Queen’s Birthday Weekend? Mayor’s annual budget a win for Aucklanders Country of origin bill could affect family food budget Staff Culture The Biggest Hurdle in Health and Safety Entries open for NZI Sustainable Business Network Awards Int’l business events deliver $311m to NZ economy Work to continue over winter on SH2 Te Puna roundabout New Revolutionary Machine Will Benefit Millions Councillors break election promises – impose risky hotel tax Rental Warrant of Fitness brings standardised livability Huawei NZ Partnership Receives SAP HANA Innovation Award Vesting agreement for Māori Arts and Craft Institute UPDATE: Gov’t announces final details of Telco Act reform WooHoo launches tax package for Uber drivers Asian Investment in NZ: the facts behind the figures Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wall Street little changed as financials drop, defensive stocks gain Thursday June 1, 2017 07:18 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Singapore tour agency Misa Travel shuts down under STB orders Envoy: Malaysian students never met Manchester suicide bomber The Edit: Fan Bingbing says may quit acting at the age of 40 The Edit: Help this man fund a ‘wizarding pub’ in London Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Traders work on the floor of the NYSE in New York May 25, 2017. — Reuters picNEW YORK, June 1 — US stocks were little changed yesterday as financials dropped after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness, offsetting gains in defensive plays. JPMorgan blamed lower volatility for a 15 per cent decline in trading revenue in the current quarter compared with last year, while Bank of America said trading revenue in the second quarter was on track to be 10 to 12 per cent lower than last year. Financials rallied more than 20 per cent in the wake of the US presidential election on hopes of fiscal stimulus and deregulation under President Donald Trump, but they have struggled in recent weeks. The sector is now down 0.3 per cent on the year. “All the things that Trump told us were going to happen, which was infrastructure spend, deregulation, tax reform, people don’t believe any of those will happen, certainly the magnitude and with the speed the market had originally priced in,” said Ernesto Ramos, head of equities at BMO Global Asset Management in Chicago. “That is why you’ve seen a lot of the move back, specifically banks.” Measures of market volatility are at rock-bottom, hitting trading desks at big banks. The US stock market's main gauge of investor anxiety closed at its lowest level in over two decades on May 8 and has not topped its long-term average of 20 since November. It did, however, hit a seven-day high of 11.30 yesterday. JPMorgan shares lost 2.1 per cent while Bank of America was down 1.9 per cent as the two biggest weights on the S&P 500. Goldman Sachs fell 3.3 per cent, the biggest drag on the Dow. Defensive plays such as utilities, up 0.46 per cent and telecoms up 0.35 per cent, were the bright spots as enthusiasm fades for sectors that would benefit from Trump policies. Energy stocks, down 0.4 per cent, also lost ground. Oil prices touched a three-week low as rising output from Nigeria and Libya fuelled concerns that Opec-led output cuts are being undermined. US crude settled down 2.7 per cent at US$48.32 (RM206.75) a barrel and Brent settled 3 per cent lower at US$50.10. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 20.82 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 21,008.65, the S&P 500 lost 1.1 points, or 0.05 per cent, to 2,411.81 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 4.67 points, or 0.08 per cent, to 6,198.52. Shares of Michael Kors plunged 8.5 per cent to US$33.18. The luxury fashion retailer gave a bleak full-year forecast and said it would shut more than 100 full-price retail stores in the next two years. Mallinckrodt closed down 1.2 per cent at US$43.13 after sources said the drugmaker is exploring a sale of its generic drug unit for as much as US$2 billion. Analog Devices rose 1.1 percent to US$85.76 after the chipmaker's quarterly results came in above expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.01-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.04-to-1 ratio favoured decliners. The S&P 500 posted 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows. About 7.85 billion shares changed hands in US exchanges, above the 6.72 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week British pound in thrall to election projections as market jitters rise Malaysia slowly winning battle against forex speculators Malaysia’s manufacturing output slides after four-month rebound Asian stocks follow Wall Street's negative lead, sterling slips on election fears Uber's finance head leaves, company's quarterly loss narrows EPF investment income jumps 73.9pc to RM11.79b in 2017 first quarter Ringgit jumps on Opec, yuan at three-month high, other Asian currencies drift Meet Li Shufu, the man who dared buy Proton 1MDB probe: MAS fines Credit Suisse, UOB, seeks more trading bans (VIDEO) AirAsia's Fernandes says 'foolish' not to consider C919 (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: Russia fires missiles at Islamic State targets Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 74 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER JUNE 1, 2017 JUNE 1, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JUN 1, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 74 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login U.S. stocks slide as banks, energy firms sink By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published 8 hours ago    •    Updated 8 hours ago FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, May 31, 2017, as energy companies tumble with the price of oil. Banks also slipped following a drop in bond yields and interest rates the day before. Technology companies continued to surge. Chipmaker Analog Devices is up after its quarterly results were better than Wall Street had expected. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, May 31, 2017, as energy companies tumble with the price of oil. Banks also slipped following a drop in bond yields and interest rates the day before. Technology companies continued to surge. Chipmaker Analog Devices is up after its quarterly results were better than Wall Street had expected. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • U.S. stock indexes edged lower for the second day in a row Wednesday as a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for technology companies canceled out gains for drugmakers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell hard as executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. An eight-day winning streak for technology companies ended. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drugmakers, and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The New York Stock Exchange was evenly split between gainers and losers. "The stock market has been strong and all the while bond yields have dropped during the year," signaling caution about the economy, said Brent Schutte, chief investment strategist for Northwestern Mutual Management. "In the next couple of months we're going to solve which is right: the bond market or the stock market." VIDEOS TOP JOBS The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 1.11 points, or less than 0.1 percent, to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 20.82 points, or 0.1 percent, to 21,008.65. The Nasdaq composite fell 4.67 points, or 0.1 percent, to 6,198.52. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks slipped 0.99 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,370.21. Banks skidded a day earlier as bond yields dropped, which hurts banks by forcing interest rates on loans lower. Yields were little changed Wednesday, but financial firms fell again as investors worried that banks' revenue from trading stocks, bonds and currencies is going to weaken in the second quarter. At a financial industry conference in New York, Marianne Lake, JPMorgan Chase's chief financial officer, said JPMorgan's trading revenue is down about 15 percent this quarter because of a drop in fixed-income trading. She said that was because of low interest rates and remarkably low market volatility. "There is not a lot to trade around," she said. "People have cash but no conviction." At a different industry event Wednesday, Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan said second-quarter trading revenue will fall 10 percent compared to a year ago. The banking industry had an outstanding first quarter, and trading was a key reason. JPMorgan Chase fell $1.75, or 2.1 percent, to $82.15 and Bank of America lost 43 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $22.41. Capital One slumped $1.36, or 1.7 percent, to $76.92 and Goldman Sachs, which saw its vaunted trading business hit a speed bump in the first quarter, gave up $7.16, or 3.3 percent, to $211.26. Bond prices were little changed. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note remained at 2.21 percent. Technology companies turned lower. The tech sector has reached its highest levels since the dot-com boom and companies like Apple, Google parent Alphabet and Facebook have done far better than the rest of the market in 2017. Apple and Facebook are up 32 percent this year, and Alphabet is up 25 percent. All three slid Wednesday. Pfizer rose 52 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $32.65 and Irish drugmaker Perrigo climbed $4,93, or 7.3 percent, to $72.85 after its first-quarter report was better than expected. Health care products maker Johnson & Johnson advanced $1.14 to $128.25. Benchmark U.S. crude lost $1.34, or 2.7 percent, to $48.32 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the standard for international oil prices, fell $1.53, or 3 percent, to $50.31 a barrel in London. Energy stocks continued to decline. Exxon Mobil sank 60 cents to $80.50 and Hess declined 78 cents, or 1.7 percent, to $45.89. Michael Kors Holdings hit a five-year low after it said it will close up to 125 stores as its sales have remained weak. The luxury retailer said sales at older stores dropped in its latest quarter and investors were disappointed with its projections for the current quarter. The stock tumbled $3.09, or 8.5 percent, to $33.18. Solar power companies sank as investors wondered if President Donald Trump will seek to remove the U.S. from the Paris climate change accords. Officials from the European Union said the EU and China will maintain their commitments to the pact. Shares of First Solar, the largest U.S. solar company, declined 99 cents, or 2.5 percent, to $38.51. SunPower fell 28 cents, or 3.4 percent, to $7.87 while solar wafer maker Canadian Solar retreated 73 cents, or 5.4 percent, to $12.81. The dollar slipped to 110.57 yen from 110.78 yen. The euro rose to $1.1246 from $1.1188. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline lost 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Heating oil gave up 3 cents to $1.52 a gallon. Natural gas dropped 7 cents to $3.07 per 1,000 cubic feet. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES LDS Church agrees to repay donations from $25 million fraud case BYU professor blocked from entering race for Chaffetz's seat sues state Deal with LDS Church secures Utah climbing spot Op-ed: Why is 'Book of Mormon' play tolerated and even praised? Soccer; The defender nicknamed Sueno breaks through with US national team ELEVATE Five pitfalls to avoid when buying a condo or townhouse   Utah Arts Festival: Four days of music, culture...and art!   8 inspection pitfalls to avoid when buying a home   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS VIEW/POST COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Market Wall St little changed as financials drop, defensive stocks gain Wall St little changed as financials drop, defensive stocks gain U.S. stocks were little changed on Wednesday as financials dropped after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness, offsetting gains in defensive plays. JPMorgan blamed lower volatility for a 15 percent decline in trading revenue in the current quarter compared with last year, while Bank of America said trading revenue in the second quarter was on track to be 10 to 12 percent lower than last year. By: Reuters | New York | Published: June 1, 2017 4:16 AM The U.S. stock market’s main gauge of investor anxiety closed at its lowest level in over two decades on May 8 and has not topped its long-term average of 20 since November. It did, however, hit a seven-day high of 11.30 on Wednesday. U.S. stocks were little changed on Wednesday as financials dropped after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness, offsetting gains in defensive plays. JPMorgan blamed lower volatility for a 15 percent decline in trading revenue in the current quarter compared with last year, while Bank of America said trading revenue in the second quarter was on track to be 10 to 12 percent lower than last year. Financials rallied more than 20 percent in the wake of the U.S. presidential election on hopes of fiscal stimulus and deregulation under President Donald Trump, but they have struggled in recent weeks. The sector is now down 0.3 percent on the year. “All the things that Trump told us were going to happen, which was infrastructure spend, deregulation, tax reform, people don’t believe any of those will happen, certainly the magnitude and with the speed the market had originally priced in,” said Ernesto Ramos, head of equities at BMO Global Asset Management in Chicago. You may also like to watch: “That is why you’ve seen a lot of the move back, specifically banks.” Measures of market volatility are at rock-bottom, hitting trading desks at big banks. The U.S. stock market’s main gauge of investor anxiety closed at its lowest level in over two decades on May 8 and has not topped its long-term average of 20 since November. It did, however, hit a seven-day high of 11.30 on Wednesday. JPMorgan shares lost 2.1 percent while Bank of America was down 1.9 percent as the two biggest weights on the S&P 500. Goldman Sachs fell 3.3 percent, the biggest drag on the Dow. Defensive plays such as utilities, up 0.46 percent and telecoms, up 0.35 percent, were the bright spots as enthusiasm fades for sectors that would benefit from Trump policies. Energy stocks, down 0.4 percent, also lost ground. Oil prices touched a three-week low as rising output from Nigeria and Libya fueled concerns that OPEC-led output cuts are being undermined. U.S. crude settled down 2.7 percent at $48.32 a barrel and Brent settled 3 percent lower at $50.1. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 20.82 points, or 0.1 percent, to 21,008.65, the S&P 500 lost 1.1 points, or 0.05 percent, to 2,411.81 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 4.67 points, or 0.08 percent, to 6,198.52. Shares of Michael Kors plunged 8.5 percent to $33.18. The luxury fashion retailer gave a bleak full-year forecast and said it would shut more than 100 full-price retail stores in the next two years. Mallinckrodt closed down 1.2 percent at $43.13 after sources said the drugmaker is exploring a sale of its generic drug unit for as much as $2 billion. Analog Devices rose 1.1 percent to $85.76 after the chipmaker’s quarterly results came in above expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.01-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.04-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows. About 7.85 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, above the 6.72 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. No Comments. Don't Miss Moody's fires fresh salvo at Modi, says India government debt significantly high Paris Climate Agreement: All you need to know about the deal Donald Trump may quit; Narendra Modi to stick Government moots selling HPCL to ONGC for Rs 29,000 crore by December to create giant oil PSU Android O will come to OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T; know when to expect the latest OS update on your smartphone Kapil Mishra attacked: BJP leader Parvesh Verma says Arvind Kejriwal has turned Delhi into Lalu Yadav's Bihar NASA gets ready to send mission to the Sun: 10 things to know about Parker Solar Probe Ramachandra Guha resigns from BCCI's COA due to personal reasons, SC to hear plea on July 14 Anti-Corruption Branch begins probe into medicine shortage scam Manufacturing PMI falls to three-month low in May Army Chief Bipin Rawat in Srinagar: General to meet top commanders in Jammu and Kashmir today Business Gallery Indian Navy rescues 33 Bangladeshis as Cyclone Mora hits hard, see pictures Moscow metro station: One of the world’s visually stunning underground systems; here’s how it looks like Narendra Modi in Spain: PM shares light moments with Spanish President Mariano Rajoy; take a look Cyclone Mora hits Bangladesh: Over 3 lakh people shifted; here’s a glimpse of the extreme weather conditions PM Narendra Modi meets Chancellor Angela Merkel; more images from his Germany visit Technology Gallery SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours Hindi News भारत से छिना दुनिया की सबसे तेज बढ़ती अर्थव्यवस्था का तमगा, मोदी राज में 2017 में सबसे कम जीडीपी ग्रोथ मशहूर इतिहासकार रामचंद्र गुहा ने BCCI के प्रशासक पद से दिया इस्तीफा चेन्नई: 24 घंटे बाद भी नहीं बुझ पाई सिल्क शोरूम में लगी आग, ढह गई चार मंजिलें, करोड़ों का माल खाक Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Loews Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Loews Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Loews Co. (L) Position Cut by Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. lowered its stake in Loews Co. (NYSE:L) by 12.5% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 66,815 shares of the insurance provider’s stock after selling 9,524 shares during the period. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc.’s holdings in Loews were worth $3,125,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Loews by 1.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 19,615,252 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $807,168,000 after buying an additional 234,784 shares during the last quarter. Probity Advisors Inc. bought a new position in Loews during the third quarter valued at about $245,000. Mraz Amerine & Associates Inc. raised its position in Loews by 1.3% in the third quarter. Mraz Amerine & Associates Inc. now owns 304,024 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $12,511,000 after buying an additional 3,903 shares during the last quarter. America First Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in Loews by 3.4% in the third quarter. America First Investment Advisors LLC now owns 238,739 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $9,824,000 after buying an additional 7,899 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Morgan Stanley raised its position in Loews by 3.0% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 576,972 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $23,742,000 after buying an additional 16,637 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 58.05% of the company’s stock. Shares of Loews Co. (NYSE:L) traded up 0.60% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $47.16. The company had a trading volume of 1,416,301 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $46.56 and a 200 day moving average of $46.52. Loews Co. has a 12-month low of $38.17 and a 12-month high of $48.05. The stock has a market capitalization of $15.88 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.86 and a beta of 0.73. Loews (NYSE:L) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 1st. The insurance provider reported $0.87 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.66 by $0.21. Loews had a return on equity of 3.88% and a net margin of 4.82%. The company had revenue of $3.30 billion during the quarter. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.30 earnings per share. On average, analysts predict that Loews Co. will post $3.10 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 13th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, May 31st will be given a dividend of $0.0625 per share. The ex-dividend date is Friday, May 26th. This represents a $0.25 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.53%. Loews’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 13.37%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/loews-co-l-position-cut-by-los-angeles-capital-management-equity-research-inc.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research lowered Loews from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Loews Company Profile Loews Corporation is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in commercial property and casualty insurance; operation of offshore oil and gas drilling rigs; transportation and storage of natural gas and natural gas liquids, and operation of a chain of hotels. The Company has five segments consisted of its four individual operating subsidiaries, CNA Financial Corporation (CNA), Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc (Diamond Offshore), Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP (Boardwalk Pipeline) and Loews Hotels Holding Corporation (Loews Hotels), and the Corporate segment. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding L? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Loews Co. (NYSE:L). Receive News & Ratings for Loews Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Loews Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go - HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 Manchester terror attack Cork Marathon 2017 Fine Gael leadership Lions Tour Home»Breaking News»business US stocks slide further as banks and energy companies sink Wednesday, May 31, 2017 - 10:30 pm US stock indexes edged lower for the second day in a row as a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for technology companies cancelled out gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell hard as executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. An eight-day winning streak for technology companies ended. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers, and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The New York Stock Exchange was evenly split between gainers and losers. "The stock market has been strong and all the while bond yields have dropped during the year," signalling caution about the economy, said Brent Schutte, chief investment strategist for Northwestern Mutual Management. "In the next couple of months we're going to solve which is right: the bond market or the stock market." The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 1.11 points, or less than 0.1%, to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 20.82 points, or 0.1%, to 21,008.65. The Nasdaq composite fell 4.67 points, or 0.1%, to 6,198.52. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks slipped 0.99 points, or 0.1%, to 1,370.21. Banks skidded a day earlier as bond yields dropped, which hurts banks by forcing interest rates on loans lower. Yields were little changed, but financial firms fell again as investors worried that banks' revenue from trading stocks, bonds and currencies is going to weaken in the second quarter. At a financial industry conference in New York, Marianne Lake, JPMorgan Chase's chief financial officer, said JPMorgan's trading revenue is down about 15% this quarter because of a drop in fixed-income trading. She said that was because of low interest rates and remarkably low market volatility. "There is not a lot to trade around," she said. "People have cash but no conviction." At a different industry event on Wednesday, Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan said second-quarter trading revenue will fall 10% compared to a year ago. The banking industry had an outstanding first quarter, and trading was a key reason. JPMorgan Chase fell 1.75 US dollars, or 2.1%, to 82.15 dollars and Bank of America lost 43 cents, or 1.9%, to 22.41 dollars. Capital One slumped 1.36 dollars, or 1.7%, to 76.92 dollars and Goldman Sachs, which saw its vaunted trading business hit a speed bump in the first quarter, gave up 7.16 dollars, or 3.3%, to 211.26 dollars. Bond prices were little changed. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note remained at 2.21%. Technology companies turned lower. The tech sector has reached its highest levels since the dot-com boom and companies like Apple, Google parent Alphabet and Facebook have done far better than the rest of the market in 2017. Apple and Facebook are up 32% this year, and Alphabet is up 25%. All three slid on Wednesday. Pfizer rose 52 cents, or 1.6%, to 32.65 dollars and Irish drug maker Perrigo climbed 4,93 dollars, or 7.3%, to 72.85 dollars after its first-quarter report was better than expected. Health care products maker Johnson & Johnson advanced 1.14 dollars to 128.25 dollars. Benchmark US crude lost 1.34 dollars, or 2.7%, to 48.32 dollars a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the standard for international oil prices, fell 1.53 dollars, or 3%, to 50.31 dollars a barrel in London. Energy stocks continued to decline. Exxon Mobil sank 60 cents to 80.50 dollars and Hess declined 78 cents, or 1.7%, to 45.89 dollars. AP READ MORE Visit the section home page here Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section UK house prices down for third month in a row, says Nationwide Michael Noonan: Money made from AIB sale must be used to pay off national debt Grant Thornton announces 250 new jobs and a centre of excellence for Dublin Banks pull US stocks away from records as seven-day winning streak ends Today's Stories Irish businesses are ‘sitting ducks’ for cyber attacks Time to hail multinationals’ role in boosting prosperity AIB sale needs to spark wider debate on Irish banks Grant Thornton to recruit 250 financial services staff Lifestyle This mum of seven knows how to throw an amazing party for her kids How these people turned online connections into face-to-face friendships Why Corkonians are sharing their homes with tourists using Airbnb Gallery: Cool edits for a hot summer More From The Irish Examiner A family in Florida woke up to find an alligator in their pool Dublin Firefighters help deliver a baby boy This fox and this dog have become the best of friends David Geaney gives the world goosebumps on Britain's Got Talent Meanwhile in Ireland: President buys entire crowd ice creams WATCH: TV3 pundits surprise bride and groom with wedding video Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter New Assassin's Creed out by March 2018 Apple iPad mini facing discontinuation Lotto Results Wednesday, May 31, 2017 15 31 33 34 36 43 39 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Whistleblower prison officer faces dismissal Cork teacher faked student numbers to earn extra grants Irish college bosses in a flap after spate of crow attacks on campus CIT bosses in a flap after spate of crow attacks Autistic teen ‘unable to speak of trauma’ Brendan O’Sullivan anti-doping violation down to ‘complete bad luck’ Outrage as photos emerge of dead dolphin at house party in student apartment in Cork Woman who claims 'sheep are descended from Jacob' banned from taking new cases in High Court Reward offered after dead dolphin incident Donald Trump responds to Merkel comments... on Twitter NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month WORLD Irish businesses are ‘sitting ducks’ for cyber attacks BUSINESS Cork jobs dispel Donald Trump threat, expert says Jeremy Corbyn victory may lift pound SPORT Brendan Bugler: Time for Clare to make a mark in Munster Irish players in Japan should keep their phones charged, just ask John Hayes LIFESTYLE How these people turned online connections into face-to-face friendships This mum of seven knows how to throw an amazing party for her kids     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Byotrol Plc (BYOT) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap FinnCap Reiterates “Corporate” Rating for Proteome Sciences plc (PRM) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Schneider Electric SE (SU) a €85.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Schneider Electric SE (SU) a €76.00 Price Target Covestro AG (1COV) PT Set at €86.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Aviva plc (AV) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Informa Plc (INF) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Liberum Capital Increases Udg Healthcare PLC (UDG) Price Target to GBX 930 Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Proteostasis Therapeutics Inc (PTI) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Power Solutions International Inc (PSIX) to “Buy” Territorial Bancorp Inc (TBNK) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research UniFirst Corp (UNF) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Tencent Holdings Ltd (TCEHY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Gradient Investments LLC Lowers Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Gradient Investments LLC cut its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 9.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 69,564 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 7,429 shares during the period. Gradient Investments LLC’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $6,111,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in JPM. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. boosted its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 2,566 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $221,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the period. Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC boosted its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.3% in the first quarter. Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC now owns 6,805 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $597,000 after buying an additional 21 shares during the period. Asset Management Group Inc. boosted its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management Group Inc. now owns 3,184 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $275,000 after buying an additional 22 shares during the period. Cypress Wealth Advisors LLC boosted its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Cypress Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 9,895 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $854,000 after buying an additional 27 shares during the period. Finally, Hunter Associates Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. Hunter Associates Investment Management LLC now owns 4,351 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $375,000 after buying an additional 29 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 73.65% of the company’s stock. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) traded down 2.09% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $82.15. 28,306,835 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $86.14 and its 200 day moving average price is $86.30. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a one year low of $57.05 and a one year high of $93.98. The stock has a market cap of $291.82 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.65 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. The firm had revenue of $25.59 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24.40 billion. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $1.35 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.71 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 31st. Shareholders of record on Thursday, July 6th will be issued a dividend of $0.50 per share. The ex-dividend date is Monday, July 3rd. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.43%. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s payout ratio is presently 31.02%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Gradient Investments LLC Lowers Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/gradient-investments-llc-lowers-position-in-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm.html. Several analysts have recently commented on the stock. Vetr cut shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $97.41 target price for the company. in a research note on Monday, May 15th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods raised their target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. to $47.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, April 17th. Guggenheim upgraded shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their target price for the stock from $88.25 to $96.00 in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Vining Sparks upgraded shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. to an “outperform” rating and set a $95.00 target price for the company in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $94.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and twenty-one have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $80.15. In other JPMorgan Chase & Co. news, Director James S. Crown bought 11,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 19th. The shares were bought at an average price of $85.48 per share, for a total transaction of $983,020.00. Following the acquisition, the director now directly owns 299,862 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $25,632,203.76. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, COO Matthew E. Zames sold 3,405 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.06, for a total value of $289,629.30. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now owns 329,019 shares in the company, valued at approximately $27,986,356.14. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 20,711 shares of company stock worth $1,775,791. Corporate insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. About JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 21,009 -20.82 -0.10% Nasdaq 6,199 -4.67 -0.08% S&P 500 2,412 -1.11 -0.05% 3:01 A.M. ET French CAC 40 index opens up 0.1% to 5,289.26 3:01 A.M. ET German DAX 30 index opens flat at 12,625.35 3:01 A.M. ET FTSE 100 index opens up 0.3% to 7,541.19 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 index opens flat a 389.82 2:56 A.M. ET Updated Ohio sues 5 drug companies over opioid epidemic 2:36 A.M. ET Updated Here are the ways low-income Americans are treated like second-class citizens 2:35 A.M. ET Updated An Amazon engineer is letting people trade stocks with $50,000 of his own money 2:35 A.M. ET Updated Why HPE investors are wondering if they bet on the wrong horse in split 2:33 A.M. ET Updated Opioids are ravaging the U.S., but they’re still the best pain drug we’ve got 2:32 A.M. ET Updated Facebook, Snap are sitting on a $16 billion opportunity 2:32 A.M. ET Updated We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 2:31 A.M. ET Updated Marc Faber—aka Dr. Doom—warns that in financial markets ‘there is a bubble in everything’ 2:30 A.M. ET Updated These commodities clocked the biggest moves in May 2:30 A.M. ET Updated Marc Andreessen says the idea that robots will steal our jobs is a ‘total fallacy’ 2:28 A.M. ET Updated The dirty secret Wall Street tries to hide as it keeps raising stock-price targets 2:27 A.M. ET Updated These stocks are down at least 20% in 2017 but Wall Street loves them anyway 2:26 A.M. ET Updated Is Apple stock a buy? 7 reasons why it is — and 7 why not 1:55 A.M. ET Updated Japan stocks change tack, gain as other Asian markets hit doldrums 1:02 A.M. ET Oil rebounds after API report, but analysts have little faith in gains 12:48 A.M. ET Australian retail sales rebound sharply in April Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts Stock market closes lower as banks warn of trading slump, oil drops By Wallace Witkowski and Mark DeCambre Published: May 31, 2017 4:40 p.m. ET Share Fed’s Beige Book appears to support June rate increase Getty Images Goldman’s shares were cutting 50 points from the blue-chip gauge. By WallaceWitkowski Reporter MarkDeCambre Editor’s note: Chicago-area economic activity rose to a 2½-year high in May. MNI Indicator earlier released an incorrect report on Chicago-area economic activity, representing a fall in May. The Chicago business barometer, or Chicago PMI, rose to 59.4 in May from 58.3. U.S. stocks closed lower on Wednesday, but off their worst levels of the session, notching gains for the month as a slump in bank shares and a mixed reading of economic reports weighed on investor sentiment. The S&P 500 index SPX, -0.05% fell 1.11 points, or less than 0.1%, to close at 2,411.80, recovering from an earlier 9-point deficit, with only four of the market gauge’s 11 sectors closing lower. The financial sector finished down 0.8%, representing the worst performer, and energy shares closed down 0.4%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.10%  closed down 20.82 points, or 0.1%, at 21,008.65, with shares of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -2.09% and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, -3.28% dragging blue chips firmly into the red with more than 2% losses. Combined, the pair of bank stocks contributed to the lion’s share of the Dow’s loss. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.08% after briefly touching an intraday high of 6,221.99, finished down 4.67 points, or less than 0.1%, at 6,198.52. For the month, the Nasdaq has been the best-performing among major indexes, up 2.5% in May, followed by a 1.2% gain for the S&P 500. Both indexes had their best monthly percentage gains since February. The Dow hung on to a meager gain of 0.3%. Financials took a hit because two of the largest U.S. banks signaled signs of a trading slowdown on the same day, said Ian Winer, head of the equities division at Wedbush Securities. Both J.P. Morgan Chase and Bank of America Corp. BAC, -1.86%  cautioned at an industry conferences on Wednesday that trading is weakening in the second quarter. Couple that with the drop in oil prices and reports that former FBI Director James Comey will publicly testify that President Donald Trump pushed him to end the probe into former national-security adviser Michael Flynn and you have a market that is going to sell off, Winer said. Energy shares continued their downtrend Wednesday with U.S. crude-oil prices CLN7, +1.06% dipping below $48 and settling down 2.7% at $48.32 a barrel. “Banks are being cautious and that has to make people a little nervous, and the market continues to plow money into the same names everyday,” said Winer, citing stocks like Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.21% Alphabet Inc. GOOG, -1.13% GOOGL, -0.91% Tesla Inc. TSLA, +1.76%  and Nvidia Corp. NVDA, -0.36% all of which are up 25% or more for the year. “I’m concerned that there are quantitative models out there that are ‘buy high, buy higher’ so you have this strange phenomenon feeding on itself where [those stocks] become a bigger part of the S&P 500,” he said. The benchmarks took a decided turn for the worse Wednesday after a reading for pending-home sales came in below expectations. Pending-home sales from the National Association of Realtors fell 1.3% to a level of 109.8 from a reduction in the March reading. Meanwhile, a gauge of economic health, the Chicago business barometer, or Chicago PMI, rose to 59.4 in May, its highest level in 2½ years. Earlier, reporting agency MNI Indicators had mistakenly said the gauge fell to 55.2. Any reading over 50 indicates improving conditions. Stocks pared gains slightly following the corrected PMI reading. The Federal Reserve’s Beige Book, or anecdotal report of regional conditions, said the economy is still growing at a “modest or moderate” pace, appearing to support a June rate increase. Even so, the market may be at a tipping point where a recent trend of soft data may support bearish views that economic growth doesn’t warrant two additional rate hikes by the Federal Reserve in 2017, said Colin Cieszynski, chief market strategist at CMC Markets. The Fed is widely expected to lift rates in June by a quarter point. “The question the market is grappling with is, is the Fed raising rates in an environment in which perhaps the economic data are weakening more than you should see for a rate-hike cycle?” said Quincy Krosby, chief market strategist at Prudential Financial. “The Fed has been clear [in past policy statements] that weaker data are just noise and that we are moving toward a stronger economic backdrop but at this stage the dollar should rise; also, we see 10-year yields which haven’t moved higher,” she said. Indeed, the yield on the 10-year Treasury note TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.19% hit a five-week low, dropping below 2.20% on Wednesday, while the dollar, as measured by the ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, +0.00% a gauge of the buck against six rivals, traded lower for most of the day but was last up 0.1%. “People are looking for reasons to buy, but it doesn’t take a lot for markets to tumble back,” Cieszynski said. “I think some traders are starting to throw in the towel.” Need to know: Tech rally overdone? The case for buying other stock sectors now Read: This money manager sees no end in sight for bull market. Fed speakers: Among Fed speakers, San Francisco Fed President John Williams will give a speech on “global economic and financial challenges” at the Bank of Korea International Conference 2017 in Seoul, South Korea, at 8:10 p.m. Eastern. Stocks to watch: Shares of Michael Kors Holdings Inc. KORS, -8.52% finished down 8.5% after the maker of high-end accessories and clothing posted a loss for its fiscal fourth quarter and spoke of a challenging market. Energy stocks also performed poorly on the slip in oil, but pared losses a bit by the close. Shares of Transocean Ltd. RIG, -1.84%  declined 1.9%, Chesapeake Energy Corp. CHK, -0.78%  dipped 0.8%, and Murphy Oil Corp. MUR, -1.05%  fell 1.1%. Vera Bradley Inc. VRA, +10.71%  shares finished 11% higher, despite a weak quarterly report. Other markets: Stocks in Asia ADOW, +0.01%  had a mixed day, while Chinese equities inched higher after a gauge of manufacturing beat forecasts. European stocks SXXP, -0.13%  finished fractionally lower. The FTSE 100 index UKX, -0.09%  gave back earlier gains, closing in the red on fresh parliamentary election jitters. The pound GBPUSD, -0.2715%  was trading around $1.29, in up-and-down trade for sterling ahead of the coming U.K. election. Gold prices GCN7, -0.52%  settled up 0.8% at $1,275.40 an ounce as the dollar slumped, giving dollar-priced assets room to climb, because a weaker dollar makes those assets more attractive to buyers using weaker currencies. —Barbara Kollmeyer in Madrid contributed to this article. More from MarketWatch More Coverage 10 years later, my sister still hasn’t distributed $100,000 in stock from her ex-boyfriend’s will An Amazon engineer is letting people trade stocks with $50,000 of his own money Kathy Griffin totally offended everyone, but here’s one thing she did right Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References SPX -1.11 -0.05% DJIA -20.82 -0.10% JPM -1.75 -2.09% GS -7.16 -3.28% COMP -4.67 -0.08% BAC -0.42 -1.86% CLN7 +0.51 +1.06% AMZN -2.08 -0.21% GOOG -11.02 -1.13% GOOGL -9.08 -0.91% TSLA +5.91 +1.76% NVDA -0.52 -0.36% TMUBMUSD10Y +0.00 +0.19% DXY +0.00 +0.00% KORS -3.09 -8.52% RIG -0.17 -1.84% CHK -0.04 -0.78% MUR -0.26 -1.05% VRA +0.91 +10.71% ADOW +0.39 +0.01% SXXP -0.51 -0.13% UKX -6.56 -0.09% GBPUSD -0.0035 -0.2715% GCN7 -6.60 -0.52% Show all references Most Popular Elon Musk says he’ll leave White House councils if Trump quits Paris climate deal When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen This chart spells out in black and white just how many jobs will be lost to robots Rich people don’t make these 5 money mistakes Seven Years Without Google in China MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,411.80 -1.11 (-0.05%) Volume 2.6B Open 2,416 High 2,416 Low 2,404 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,008.65 -20.82 (-0.10%) Volume 371.6M Open 21,048 High 21,052 Low 20,943 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $82.15 -1.75 (-2.09%) Volume 26.9M Open $83.73 High $83.82 Low $81.64 P/E Ratio 12.66 Div Yield 2.43 Market Cap 298.1B Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $211.26 -7.16 (-3.28%) Volume 8.2M Open $218.24 High $218.30 Low $209.62 P/E Ratio 11.22 Div Yield 1.42 Market Cap 86.0B NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 6,198.52 -4.67 (-0.08%) Volume 0 Open 6,222 High 6,222 Low 6,164 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $22.41 -0.42 (-1.86%) Volume 134.1M Open $22.78 High $22.80 Low $22.09 P/E Ratio 14.18 Div Yield 1.34 Market Cap 228.0B Crude Oil - Electronic Jul 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLN7 $48.83 +0.51 (+1.06%) Volume 37691 Open $48.63 High $48.91 Low $48.59 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $994.62 -2.08 (-0.21%) Volume 3.9M Open $1,000.00 High $1,000 Low $982.16 P/E Ratio 187.16 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 476.4B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $964.86 -11.02 (-1.13%) Volume 2.4M Open $975.02 High $979.27 Low $960.18 P/E Ratio 32.61 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 682.1B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $987.09 -9.08 (-0.91%) Volume 1.7M Open $996.21 High $999.60 Low $981.68 P/E Ratio 33.36 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 682.1B Tesla Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TSLA $341.01 +5.91 (+1.76%) Volume 9.9M Open $337.69 High $342.89 Low $335.16 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 55.0B NVIDIA Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: NVDA $144.35 -0.52 (-0.36%) Volume 21.0M Open $146.69 High $147.00 Low $142.05 P/E Ratio 47.96 Div Yield 0.39 Market Cap 86.2B U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.21% +0.00 (+0.19%) Volume 0 Open 2.21% High 2.22% Low 2.21% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 96.99 +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 0 Open 96.99 High 97.13 Low 96.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Michael Kors Holdings Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: KORS $33.18 -3.09 (-8.52%) Volume 15.8M Open $33.16 High $33.85 Low $32.38 P/E Ratio 7.54 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 5.9B Transocean Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: RIG $9.09 -0.17 (-1.84%) Volume 21.9M Open $9.13 High $9.14 Low $8.68 P/E Ratio 5.59 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.5B Chesapeake Energy Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CHK $5.06 -0.04 (-0.78%) Volume 63.6M Open $5.06 High $5.09 Low $4.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 4.6B Murphy Oil Corp. U.S.: NYSE: MUR $24.41 -0.26 (-1.05%) Volume 3.9M Open $24.19 High $24.43 Low $23.80 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 4.1 Market Cap 4.3B Vera Bradley Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: VRA $9.41 +0.91 (+10.71%) Volume 1.9M Open $8.50 High $9.74 Low $8.50 P/E Ratio 17.75 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 308.7M The Asia Dow Index USD DJ-Index: ADOW 3,309.74 +0.39 (+0.01%) Volume 0 Open 3,302 High 3,313 Low 3,299 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 389.99 -0.51 (-0.13%) Volume 0 Open 390.09 High 392.27 Low 389.51 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A FTSE 100 Index GBP FTSE Indices: UKX 7,519.95 -6.56 (-0.09%) Volume 0 Open 7,527 High 7,586 Low 7,520 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A British Pound Tullett Prebon: GBPUSD 1.2856 -0.0035 (-0.2715%) Volume 0 Open 1.29 High 1.29 Low 1.28 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Jul 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCN7 $1,267.00 -6.60 (-0.52%) Volume 87 Open $1,270 High $1,271 Low $1,267 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 23 mins S&P 500 2,411.80 -1.11 (-0.05%) Dow 30 21,008.65 -20.82 (-0.10%) Nasdaq 6,198.52 -4.67 (-0.08%) Bank stocks are sliding following warnings a key metric is behind last year's pace Seth Archer Business Insider May 31, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Bank of AmericaMore (Markets Insider) Big names in the banking sector are not having a good Wednesday. Both JPMorgan and Bank of America have seen their share prices drop in early trading on Wednesday. JPMorgan was down about 1.8% and Bank of America was down about 3.3% as of 10:40 a.m. ET. The shares started to fall Wednesday morning following comments at an investor conference from executives of both firms. Markets revenue at JPMorgan is down 15% so far in the second quarter compared to last year, CFO Marianne Lake said, according to Reuters. Lake points to lower volatility this year, compared to the tumultuous situation surrounding Brexit in 2016. She added that U.S. economic growth is "solid, not stellar," which has contributed to JPMorgan's lower revenue. Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan also said trading revenues would be lower in the second quarter compared to last year, according to Stephen Alpher of Seeking Alpha. Other banks are down as well. Goldman Sachs is down about 4%, Citigroup is down about 2.4% and Wells Fargo is down about 1.2% on Wednesday. The S&P 500 is down only 0.25%. NOW WATCH: This is what Bernie Madoff's life is like in prison More From Business Insider 50 must-have tech accessories under $50 The CEO of a massive Christian-owned craft store had a surprising response when asked about maternity leave The first thing to cut out of your diet if you're trying to lose weight, according to a nutritionist Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Wall Street little changed as financials drop, defensive stocks gain Reuters The Daily Prophet: Remind Us Again Why the Fed Is Raising Rates? Bloomberg Bank of America CEO talks down second-quarter expectations Reuters Markets Need a 30% Stock Drop or 50% Higher U.S. Yields. Or Not. Bloomberg JPMorgan, BofA Trading Revenue on Pace to Drop at Least 10% Bloomberg During his arrest, Tiger Woods was asked to do the 'Romberg Alphabet' — a test that has a lot of public misconception Business Insider Trump hails signing of deals worth 'billions' with Vietnam Reuters 5 US cities where you can actually buy new, affordable homes Yahoo Finance What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 1 Yahoo Finance Video Wall Street down as banks, oil weigh Yahoo Finance 8 things to give up to retire by 40, from real people who have done it CNBC Here's how much a 20-something has to save every day to be a millionaire by 67 CNBC Marine officers could face charges after allegedly getting drugged and robbed in Colombia Business Insider How to restore humanity in finance Yahoo Finance Video Warren Buffett should heed his own 1999 warning about market orgies Yahoo Finance UBS: Apple could be worth a lot more than people think Business Insider Will Trump Be Impeached or Resign? As Support for His Removal Soars, Approval Rating Plunges Michael: Were you polled? I wasn't. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 6.3k
Login Classifieds Menu Contact Us Login Register Customer Service Subscribe Renew Your Subscription Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop Change of Address Delivery Issue Carrier Information Newspapers in Education e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections Marketplace Search Ads Place an Ad Employment Public Notices Real Estate Guide Garage Sales E-edition Print Ads Public Notices Since 1875 Winner of the 2016 ONPA General Excellence Award Subscribe Menu Staff Directory Advertise With Us Submission Forms Anniversary Births Delivery Issues Engagements Feedback Letter to the Editor Obituary Submit News Weddings Vacation Start & Stop Work at the EO About Us Photos, Videos & Podcasts Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints EO Audio Podcast Submit Photos Videos Login Register Subscribe Delivery Issue Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop News Local News Northwest Nation & World Business Closures Agriculture Submit News & Photos Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Community Community News Calendar Your EO News Eat, Drink & Explore Celebrations In Uniform Student Honors Days Gone By Out of the Vault Book Reviews Contests Sports Local Sports College Sports College Basketball Experience College Football Experience Pro Sports Auto Racing Experience Pro Football Experience Winter Games Experience Scoreboard Outside Rodeo & Round-Up Obituaries Obituaries & Death Notices Submit an Obituary Tips for Writing Obituaries Records Births Public Meetings Public Safety Logs Jail Roster Most Wanted Courts Public Notices Lotteries e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections 1-800-522-0255 Search sponsored by Eastern Oregon Marketplace Home News Nation/World Markets Right Now: Banks lead US indexes slightly lower Stocks closed modestly lower on Wall Street for the second day running, led by declines in banks as investors worry how their trading businesses are doing. Published on May 31, 2017 1:11PM Last changed on May 31, 2017 5:08PM The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local): 4:00 p.m. Stocks closed modestly lower on Wall Street for the second day running, led by declines in banks as investors worry how their trading businesses are doing. Top executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said Wednesday that trading revenues were declining this quarter as markets remain calm. JPMorgan fell 2.1 percent and Bank of America fell 1.9 percent. Energy companies fell along with a steep drop in the price of crude oil. Occidental Petroleum fell 2 percent. Safe-play stocks like phone companies and utilities rose. The Standard & Poor's 500 index slipped 1 percent, or 0.1 percent, to 2,411. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 20 points, or 0.1 percent, to 21,008. The Nasdaq composite gave up 4 points, or 0.1 percent, to 6,198. ___ 11:45 a.m. U.S. market indexes gave up an early gain and are trading lower at midday, led by drops in banks and small-company stocks. Energy companies are also falling Wednesday as the price of oil slides more than 3 percent. That's canceling out gains for drug companies and household products makers. Chesapeake Energy slumped 3.3 percent, while Eli Lilly rose 1.7 percent. Safe-play stocks like utilities and consumer goods makers rose. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 5 percent, or 0.2 percent, to 2,407. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 34 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,995. The Nasdaq composite gave up 14 points, or 0.2 percent, to 6,188. Bond prices didn't move much. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note held steady at 2.21 percent. ___ 9:35 a.m. Stocks are opening with tiny gains on Wall Street as technology stocks again take the lead. Chipmaker Analog Devices jumped 5.3 percent early Wednesday after reporting earnings that were much higher than analysts were expecting. Other technology stocks also rose. Texas Instruments rose 1 percent. Phone companies were also higher. Verizon rose 0.7 percent. The Standard & Poor's 500 index inched up 1 point, less than 0.1 percent, to 2,41. The Dow Jones industrial average slipped 2 points, less than 0.1 percent, to 21,025. The Nasdaq composite rose 13 points, or 0.2 percent, to 6,216. The Nasdaq, which is heavily weighted with technology stocks, was trading at a record high. Marketplace Jobs Garage Sales Real Estate Share and Discuss Guidelines User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Our Guidelines Stay on topic - This helps keep the thread focused on the discussion at hand. If you would like to discuss another topic, look for a relevant article. Share with Us - We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article, and smart, constructive criticism. Be Civil - It's OK to have a difference in opinion but there's no need to be a jerk. We reserve the right to delete any comments that we feel are spammy, off-topic, or reckless to the community. Be proactive - Use the 'Flag as Inappropriate' link at the upper right corner of each comment to let us know of abusive posts. × Search sponsored by Eastern Oregon Marketplace Most Read Comments Trending SUNDAY UPDATE: Police identify Hermiston man killed in shooting ( 23857 ) Memorial Weekend crash kills two motorcyclists, injures several others ( 14498 ) Red flag warning in effect Tuesday afternoon for parts of Eastern Oregon ( 13400 ) Lybrand goes to court in wake of bust ( 13124 ) Lybrand faces sex crimes, witness tampering charges ( 12872 ) New gun leads to new charges in Nelson homicide ( 12640 ) Lybrand faces sex crimes, witness tampering charges ( 106 ) Memorial Weekend crash kills two motorcyclists, injures several others ( 83 ) Three Pendleton businesses plan expansion with new buildings ( 44 ) Unease about white supremacy grows after Portland stabbings ( 33 ) Seasonal campfire restrictions begin Thursday in national forests ( 18 ) SOFTBALL: Rockets reach third-straight title round ( 10 ) News Business Local News Nation & World Northwest Submit News & Photos Sports College Sports Local Sports Rodeo & Roundup Photos & Videos Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints Obituaries All Obituaries Submit an Obituary Opinion Letters Submit a Letter Our Media Family Blue Mountain Eagle Cannon Beach Gazette Capital Press Ag Weekly Chinook Observer Coast River Business Journal The Daily Astorian East Oregonian The Hermiston Herald Oregon Coast Today Seaside Signal Wallowa County Chieftain Subscriptions Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Newspapers in Education Vacation Start & Stop Contact Us Staff Directory © 2017 East Oregonian Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Technology News US STOCKS-Wall St little changed as financials drop, defensive stocks gain Shares0 Thu, 1 Jun 2017-01:54am , Reuters U.S. stocks were little changed on Wednesday as financials dropped after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness, offsetting gains in defensive plays. JPMorgan blamed lower volatility for a 15 percent decline in trading revenue in the current quarter compared with last year, while Bank of America said trading revenue in the second quarter was on track to be 10 to 12 percent lower than last year. Financials rallied more than 20 percent in the wake of the U.S. presidential election on hopes of fiscal stimulus and deregulation under President Donald Trump, but they have struggled in recent weeks. The sector is now down 0.3 percent on the year. "All the things that Trump told us were going to happen, which was infrastructure spend, deregulation, tax reform, people don't believe any of those will happen, certainly the magnitude and with the speed the market had originally priced in," said Ernesto Ramos, head of equities at BMO Global Asset Management in Chicago. "That is why you've seen a lot of the move back, specifically banks." Measures of market volatility are at rock-bottom, hitting trading desks at big banks. The U.S. stock market's main gauge of investor anxiety closed at its lowest level in over two decades on May 8 and has not topped its long-term average of 20 since November. It did, however, hit a seven-day high of 11.30 on Wednesday. JPMorgan shares lost 2.1 percent while Bank of America was down 1.9 percent as the two biggest weights on the S&P 500. Goldman Sachs fell 3.3 percent, the biggest drag on the Dow. Defensive plays such as utilities, up 0.46 percent and telecoms, up 0.35 percent, were the bright spots as enthusiasm fades for sectors that would benefit from Trump policies. Energy stocks, down 0.4 percent, also lost ground. Oil prices touched a three-week low as rising output from Nigeria and Libya fueled concerns that OPEC-led output cuts are being undermined. U.S. crude settled down 2.7 percent at $48.32 a barrel and Brent settled 3 percent lower at $50.1. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 20.82 points, or 0.1 percent, to 21,008.65, the S&P 500 lost 1.1 points, or 0.05 percent, to 2,411.81 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 4.67 points, or 0.08 percent, to 6,198.52. Shares of Michael Kors plunged 8.5 percent to $33.18. The luxury fashion retailer gave a bleak full-year forecast and said it would shut more than 100 full-price retail stores in the next two years. Mallinckrodt closed down 1.2 percent at $43.13 after sources said the drugmaker is exploring a sale of its generic drug unit for as much as $2 billion. Analog Devices rose 1.1 percent to $85.76 after the chipmaker's quarterly results came in above expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.01-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.04-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows. About 7.85 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, above the 6.72 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Mobile LG G6 has a discount you don't want to miss! Science Reading to dogs may encourage kids to pick up books: Research Social Media Who can figure out meaning of #covfefe: Donald Trump issues Twitter challenge after gaffe Technology Twitter "bots" may help drive social movements: Study Technology Apple Music to release 'Carpool Karaoke' on August 8 Technology India e-education market to be worth $1.96 billion by 2021: Report Live Cricket Score England vs Bangladesh Thu, 1 June 2017, 03:00 PM IST Related India home to 56 of the world's largest public firms: Forbes Video Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma WATCH: Priyanka Chopra PROPOSES to Tupac, BEATS up a clown, does the Baywatch run and more.... View all Tags Bank of America Donald Trump Analog Devices Chicago Goldman Sachs Libya Mallinckrodt Michael Kors Nigeria U. S. S&P Nasdaq Composite Dow Jones Industrial Average NYSE SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News From no-hoper to crowd-puller, British Labour leader Corbyn gains ground BJP lauds Army, says India won't tolerate any terrorist activity UPSC results indicate emergence of women power Centre China limits exports of heavy dredgers over security concerns Fire 'largely put out', scrutiny on to bring down building Sport Focus on captains as Australia take on New Zealand Indian women's hockey team heads to Shillaroo for national camp Soccer-Ibrahimovic to talk with United, consider rival offers - agent Cricket-Captain Morgan will not rob Roy of England opening spot Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Thursday, June 1 Entertainment Kapoor khandaan's OBSESSION with number '8' REVEALED! Patty Jenkins talks 'Thor 2' exit and when films disservice women It was difficult: Gulshan Grover on shooting bold scenes with Katrina Kaif in Boom! Anil Kapoor to play father to beta Harshvardhan in Abhinav Bindra biopic? Michelle Williams joins Amy Schumer in 'I Feel Pretty' Money Reform measures to broaden tax base, cut debt: Moody's C'garh targets 48 lakh ha acreage in kharif season Cardamom futures remain up, gain 3.72 pc on spot demand Govt trying to divert attention from GDP failure: Rahul 'Axis of love': Saudi-Russia detente heralds new oil order Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St little changed as financials drop, defensive stocks gain By Reuters Published: 16:19 EDT, 31 May 2017 | Updated: 16:19 EDT, 31 May 2017 e-mail By Chuck Mikolajczak NEW YORK, May 31 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were little changed on Wednesday as financials dropped after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness, offsetting gains in defensive plays. JPMorgan blamed lower volatility for a 15 percent decline in trading revenue in the current quarter compared with last year, while Bank of America said trading revenue in the second quarter was on track to be 10 to 12 percent lower than last year. Financials rallied more than 20 percent in the wake of the U.S. presidential election on hopes of fiscal stimulus and deregulation under President Donald Trump, but they have struggled in recent weeks. The sector is now down 0.3 percent on the year. "All the things that Trump told us were going to happen, which was infrastructure spend, deregulation, tax reform, people don´t believe any of those will happen, certainly the magnitude and with the speed the market had originally priced in," said Ernesto Ramos, head of equities at BMO Global Asset Management in Chicago. "That is why you´ve seen a lot of the move back, specifically banks." Measures of market volatility are at rock-bottom, hitting trading desks at big banks. The U.S. stock market's main gauge of investor anxiety closed at its lowest level in over two decades on May 8 and has not topped its long-term average of 20 since November. It did, however, hit a seven-day high of 11.30 on Wednesday. JPMorgan shares lost 2.1 percent while Bank of America was down 1.9 percent as the two biggest weights on the S&amp;P 500. Goldman Sachs fell 3.3 percent, the biggest drag on the Dow. Defensive plays such as utilities, up 0.46 percent and telecoms, up 0.35 percent, were the bright spots as enthusiasm fades for sectors that would benefit from Trump policies. Energy stocks, down 0.4 percent, also lost ground. Oil prices touched a three-week low as rising output from Nigeria and Libya fueled concerns that OPEC-led output cuts are being undermined. U.S. crude settled down 2.7 percent at $48.32 a barrel and Brent settled 3 percent lower at $50.1. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 20.82 points, or 0.1 percent, to 21,008.65, the S&amp;P 500 lost 1.1 points, or 0.05 percent, to 2,411.81 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 4.67 points, or 0.08 percent, to 6,198.52. Shares of Michael Kors plunged 8.5 percent to $33.18. The luxury fashion retailer gave a bleak full-year forecast and said it would shut more than 100 full-price retail stores in the next two years. Mallinckrodt closed down 1.2 percent at $43.13 after sources said the drugmaker is exploring a sale of its generic drug unit for as much as $2 billion. Analog Devices rose 1.1 percent to $85.76 after the chipmaker's quarterly results came in above expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.01-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.04-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&amp;P 500 posted 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows. About 7.85 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, above the 6.72 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS What a handful! Cheeky Travis Scott gets a firm grip on Kylie Jenner's derriere during PDA-heavy outing in Los Angeles She can be a handful Geri Horner sizzles in red figure-hugging cocktail dress as she puts on an affectionate display with husband Christian at End The Silence charity bash All of me! Topless Chrissy Teigen guards her modesty as she shows off her fresh spray tan on Snapchat Shared a naked picture on social media Braless Amanda Holden nearly bares all in dress with high split for BGT semi-finals... after vowing to spark 'Ofcom complaints' with her racy ensembles  'I used to have full-scale meltdowns in bathing suit shops': Ariel Winter reveals breast augmentation gave her confidence to sizzle in swimwear 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  So nice she wore them twice! Pippa Middleton dons the same $200 espadrilles she wore to lunch on Wednesday - as she exits Sydney with a smile  Hello boys! Love Island beauties Jess Shears, Camilla Thurlow and Chloe Crowhurst flaunt their figures in skimpy bikinis for sizzling shoot ahead of show's return 'That's insane!' Kendall Jenner bangs on table as family reacts to Caitlyn's memoir... and Kim Kardashian admits to reading the whole thing Emily Ratajkowski poses NUDE as her friend shares cheeky throwback snap of the actress flaunting her peachy derriere Stripped off  'Are you sure that's a bruise?': Jesy Nelson is accused of photoshopping her pics as fans question mysterious black mark on her stomach  'He taught me how to be a dad': Peter Andre praises former stepson Harvey Price... after ex-wife Katie claimed he 'no longer sees' the teenager Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her taut midriff as she takes daughter Penelope to paint class... while ex Scott Disick is spotted with EIGHTH woman No more beef! Bella Thorne grabs a greasy biteto eat...after shrugging off humiliating trip with sex addict Scott Disick She's moving on Simon Cowell rolls his eyes as Ned Woodman, 9, makes the BGT final... after child comic dubbed judges 'desperate losers' and called Amanda Holden a DOG 'You sexist pig!' Simon Cowell is deemed 'anti-feminist' by BGT viewers as he tells female magician Josephine he likes her LEGS but not her act Sushi date! Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid enjoy a relaxed dinner together at their favorite restaurant Nobu in NYC Best friends reunited in the city Too much Cigarettes and Alcohol? Comeback kid Liam Gallagher sidesteps VERY excited female fan... as he rules out Oasis reunion at Manchester benefit gig New direction? Kesha steps out for lunch as it's revealed Eagles Of Death Metal cut two tracks with her for her third album Casual 'She didn't want any spoilers': Justin Theroux says wife Jennifer Aniston won't 'run lines with me' for The Leftovers because she's a fan 'She will beat this': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi says star, 68, will use cannabis oil following second breast cancer diagnosis 'Some of my fave people!' Kim Kardashian shares heartwarming photo of baby Saint and grandma Mary Jo on Instagram Happy families David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their bid to overturn a £700million tax bill after investing in controversial film schemes Ellie Goulding dazzles in a striking sequinned black gown before changing into glittering gold frock at London charity bash Glittering Smitten Richard Gere, 67, can't keep his hands off girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 34, at premiere of his new film Norman in Madrid... after tactile display with blonde Amanda Holden has been wearing 'nipple covers' for Britain's Got Talent live shows as her assets continue to steal the limelight Focal point  Bell bottom beauty! Amanda Peet goes casual in white sweater and VERY wide black flares at Brockmire event in LA Stepped out to lobby  Smooth sailing! Lindsey Vonn sizzles in red bikini as she enjoys yacht time with boyfriend Kenan Smith during yacht time in Monaco Shocking video of Tiger Woods during his DUI arrest shows the beleaguered barefoot golfer swaying, rolling his eyes and slurring his words in sobriety tests  Revenge is a dish best served in lingerie! Ashley Graham flaunts her incredible figure for racy selfie... after revealing she was bullied at school Upstaged by his own beard! Scruffy Jim Carrey is wild and bushy at LA premiere of his Showtime comedy I'm Dying Up Here Scruffy appearance 'I was resigned to dying': Fern Britton was left 'fighting for her life' after contracting sepsis following routine hysterectomy Health scare 'What's wrong with your leg?' Ant McPartlin sparks concern after fans spot presenter sporting brace... after he appeared to have difficulty walking on BGT X-rated fun! Kendall Jenner films Cara Delevingne jumping around on inflatable breasts at the Museum of Sex in New York City Freeing the nipple 'I thought he was joking!' Katie Derham reveals her husband John proposed on the first night they met... but she mistook him for a BOUNCER Jim Carrey set to face trial over the fatal overdose of his ex-girlfriend after wrongful death lawsuit alleged he supplied the drugs that killed her 'They're just milking that cow for money!' Kirsten Dunst slams new Spider Man reboot... as she reveals 'it's time to have babies and chill' in candid interview Oopsy Daisy! Former Strictly contestant Lowe appears to have two left feet as she takes an embarrassing tumble after attending pal Alexa Chung's fashion party Taylor Swift scores early legal victory over DJ she claims grabbed her rear... but must face jury trial over allegation she had him fired Sweet charity! Jerry and Jessica Seinfeld take the kids to a philanthropic party in New York's Central Park Jerry stepped out for a good cause Not Di-sick of partying yet? Scott cosies up to woman number EIGHT as he boards a private jet after raucous week in Cannes with a bevy of beauties Fighting to survive: Idris Elba and Kate Winslet are lost in the wilderness in new trailer for The Mountain Between Us Oscar-winner Winslet Phwoar-saw! Joanna Krupa flashes serious underboob as she attends fashion show in native Poland Special appearance Johnny Depp was kept in the dark about his finances and his sister used his money, claims whistleblower who worked for his former business managers Michelle Williams to star alongside Amy Schumer in upcoming comedy I Feel Pretty Michelle is best known for her serious acting work Keeping under wraps! Erin McNaught covers up after stripping off and stunning fans with her incredibly toned pregnancy figure at 24 weeks Rapper and former Justin Bieber sidekick Lil Twist is ordered to pay $1.5million to former child star Chris Massey following assault Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst DENIES dumping Jon Clark to appear on the dating show... after TOWIE star branded her an 'evil b***h' Hedging your bets? The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell has yet to return her fiance Ben Higgins' ring after calling off engagement  The ring should go back Lunch to go! Lisa Rinna steps out makeup-free in grey sweater as she picks up food from Hollywood eatery Trendy slippers Tough session! Shirtless Justin Bieber steps out of boxing gym... and into the dentist after chipping a tooth Not what he expected Chloe Grace Moretz cuddles up to her pet pooch Pearl... as she stands up against 'fat-shaming' trailer for her new animated film Keeping good company EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Potty-mouth chef Gordon Ramsay claims the Queen uses the same fruity language that he favours The Moore the merrier! Mandy shows off assets in clinging white top as she mingles with fans at TV show taping Former princess of pop turned actress The Clooneys' countdown to TWINMAGEDDON: How George and Amal are preparing for double trouble (as they babies' arrival gets ever closer) New parents Storm and Ronan Keating enjoy a night off nappy duties as they pucker up on the red carpet at End The Silence charity bash Joint appearance 'I am just as appalled and angry as everyone else': Chloe Moretz apologizes for body shaming ad for her new animated film Upcoming animated film 'Someone bring us cake!' Pregnant Ferne McCann opens up about food cravings... after asking mind reader to predict baby's sex on Britain's Got Talent 'Together again!'  Bionic Woman Lindsay Wagner and Six Million Dollar Man Lee Majors reunite on set of family-friendly movie Reunited Back to his Becks! David Beckham smoulders in new watch campaign as he makes return to modelling following maligned King Arthur film cameo 'We love living together': Ariel Winter, 19, hits back at critics who say her boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, is too old for her Love has no age Bumping along! Orange Is The New Black actor Jason Biggs and pregnant wife Jenny Mollen enjoy sunny stroll in Manhattan Shopping spree Iron hug! Arnold Schwarzenegger gives his handsome son Patrick an affectionate squeeze in Beverly Hills Still honoring the veterans days  'I'm ruthless': Gwyneth Paltrow says she's 'milked the f*** out of every opportunity' as she talks divorce, aging and movie burn out Determined Make-up free Lily Collins flashes a glimpse of her gym-honed physique in tight leggings with sheer panels as she hits the gym  That was close! Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman suffer awkward 'near miss' when they're both booked to appear James Corden's late night talk show Winter wonderland? Mila Kunis shoots snow filled scene for A Bad Mom's Christmas... during sweltering Atlanta weather On set Vogue Williams flashes her tanned curves in bright neon bikini on the beach in Marbella... as she admits she's pining for beau Spencer Matthews Jenna Dewan celebrates hit ratings for World of Dance premiere over breakfast with hunky husband Channing Tatum Date  Leggy Lucy Watson is towered over by Ianthe Rose at Wonder Woman screening in London... after premiere was cancelled following Manchester attack Red hot! Gigi Hadid keeps it casual cool in crimson top and matching shades while out in New York Laid-back supermodel style Rude Boy! Rihanna steps out at celebrity hot spot Nobu after being fat-shamed by sports writer  Star kept a low profile following incident 'I hope it's not weird': Love Island newbie Camilla Thurlow reveals she's 'excited' to meet host Caroline Flack as they've BOTH been linked to Prince Harry FIRST LOOK: Jessica Biel is covered in blood after 'an inexplicable fit of rage' while at the beach with her family in stills from upcoming series The Sinner Red hot mama! Brazilian bombshell Alessandra Ambrosio looks like a 10 in her flattering red swimsuit as she struts her stuff in Malibu Supercalifragilistic showman! James Corden dons drag as he recreates classic scenes from Mary Poppins on the streets of London  FIRST LOOK: Big Brother 2017's VERY chintzy house is unveiled as fans count down to 'extremely revealing' new series  Sneak peek Andrew Garfield dons a curly wig and performs a BACKFLIP as he lip syncs to Whitney Houston in hilarious clip  Centre stage Gabourey gone wild! Sidibe has the time of her life while zooming around on jet ski on luxury yacht vacation in Barbados Living it up Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez flaunts her leggy figure in perilously short hot pants and heels as they enjoy a shopping trip in Madrid 'Dungeon and torture chamber': Bethenny Frankel bursts into tears twice on RHONY under stress from ex Reality star lost it on two occasions 'Life on the ocean waves': Corrie's Samia Longchambon flaunts her slim figure in a swimsuit as she holidays with skating pro husband Sylvain 'I want her to be named after me': Pregnant Serena Williams shows off her baby bump as sister Venus confirms she is expecting a girl at the French Open Bumping along in a bikini! The Hills veteran Lauren Conrad shows off heavily pregnant tummy while promoting swimwear line Baby joy Coronation Street's Ben Price says emotional goodbye to on-screen arch nemesis Peter Barlow after filming his final scenes as Nick Tilsley Newlyweds Pippa and James continue second leg of their honeymoon with a romantic date night - hours after they scaled the Sydney Harbour Bridge  Stella Maxwell and girlfriend Kristen Stewart dangerously hang out of a car window as they go to extreme lengths to get the perfect photo  'She was so shaken up': Former Fifth Harmony singer Camila Cabello 'had no words' when she spoke to Ariana Grande following Manchester attack Donna Air looks the picture of elegance as she stuns in a ruffled silk halterneck gown at star-studded Golden Gala in London Leading the glamour Chris Martin enjoys boys' time with son Moses, 11, in Disneyland ahead of Coldplay's set at Manchester attack benefit concert Tangerine dream! Zilda Williams strips down to a tiny string bikini after revealing her DDs have BALLOONED in size to an E-cup and are now 'too big' Jennifer Garner disowns People magazine cover she didn't agree to as she denies reports she's scared to date after Ben Affleck divorce filing Their secret weapon! New Game Of Thrones shots with Stark family might have accidentally revealed massive season seven spoiler Spoiler EXCLUSIVE: If looks could kill! Tori Spelling shows up nearly an hour late to stepson's high school graduation and gets the stink eye by Dean McDermott's ex She wore an itsy bitsy teeny tiny bikini! Shanina Shaik sizzles as she shows off her cleavage in sexy swimwear for NEXT Pin-up Ewan McGregor's Fargo accent is part Abba, part Deputy Dawg: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV Channel 4's Fargo  Children of Hollywood: Chanel muse Lily-Rose Depp, Sistine Stallone and Willow Smith lead the glamour at 2017 Métiers D'art runway show in Tokyo 'My dad tracks my phone once a day': Sofia Richie reveals Lionel keeps tabs on her as she's seen without 'homie' Scott Disick after romance rumours Sweet Harmony! Former girl group member Camila Cabello puts on a busty display in sexy photo shoot for Guess Centre stage 'All I felt was rage': Comedy Central's Trevor Noah recalls horror of hearing his mother was shot by stepfather The Daily Show host EXCLUSIVE: She's a knockout - and has brains too! Daughter of Rocky star Sylvester Stallone graduates cum laude from $15,000-a-year high school  Cream of the crop! Former TOWIE star Jasmin Walia puts on a leggy display in shimmering nude mini dress and perspex heels in Ibiza Megan McKenna dons a strapless bra in sultry behind-the-scenes snap at photoshoot... as it's claimed her ex Jordan Davies is set 'explosive' appearance on CBB 'Where are the women of colour?' Alexa Chung fans blast an Instagram snap of her debut fashion show for lack of diversity Debut fashion show  Blac Chyna steps out in shirt bearing her own portrait... amid claims ex Rob Kardashian is now dating lookalike Meghan James Self promotion 'My cat could have written it in 10 minutes!': Noel Gallagher blasts Harry Styles' solo single as he claims Simon Cowell has 'ruined' the pop industry Grey's Anatomy favourite Ellen Pompeo shows off stylish 'modern barn' Hamptons retreat for Architectural Digest Beautiful home  Sean Connery takes a stroll around NYC with his wife Micheline Roquebrune... as he steps out for first time since ex co-star Molly Peters passed away 'They were shaken': Jonas Brothers patriarch reveals colon cancer battle and details the reaction of his famous sons Health woes  'What a time to reunite!' Fans go wild with speculation feuding Liam and Noel Gallagher will reform Oasis for Manchester benefit concert this weekend Producer Harvey Weinstein rushed by Cannes cops after he walks right past security checkpoints at AmFAR Sidestepped security checkpoints Trying to start a trend? Drew Barrymore again steps out in bizarre orange sunglasses that look borrowed from Star Wars wardrobe department Move over, Dakota! Johnson's little sister Stella Banderas shows off her bikini body during trip to Italy to take in the Gucci fashion show Stealing the show 'So sorry to people behind!' Ashley James sizzles in racy pink swimsuit during Marbella break... but apologises for racy THONG cut Swanky outfit! Hilary wears look from her new Mission Statement brand as she talks up the range for women-on-the-go Leggy look Fearne Cotton nails colour blocking chic in vibrant purple sweater and mismatched red flares as she arrives at BBC Radio studios Bright 'She still says Ben was the love of her life': Jennifer Garner is 'NOT dating yet'... even though Affleck moved out of their mansion a month ago New squeeze? Ex On The Beach's Charlotte Dawson passionately kisses mystery man in Manchester... three months after Matt Sarsfield split  Sports writer slammed for calling Rihanna 'FAT' and claiming her 'tough to stomach' look will set a 'dangerous precedent' - years after joking about her being beaten She's high on endorphins! Reese Witherspoon can't wipe the smile off her face after a tough yoga session Beaming In full bloom! Pregnant Princess Sofia of Sweden displays her baby bump for the first time in a vivid pink dress Glowing Keeping up with Kanye! Kendall Jenner signs on as the face of sportswear giant Adidas Originals Fronting the brand's new campaign Shame-less of her to go around! Tina Malone flaunts slender physique in barely-there bikini as she preens and pouts poolside in Cyprus  Showing weight loss The dapper Duke! Prince Philip looks smart in a straw boater as he throws a reception to celebrate London Youth's 130th anniversary Debbie Douglas reveals she is quitting TOWIE along with daughter Lydia Bright... but insists her decision has 'no link at all' to James Argent's return 'We're old school': Nicole Kidman reveals Keith Urban and her never text... as she shows off her lithe legs for InStyle cover shoot Old fashioned romance Throwing shade! Bikini-clad Bella Hadid parties on Lewis Hamilton's yacht with fashionista Sophie Hermann and Winnie Harlow in Monte Carlo Pretty in sparkly pink! Elle Fanning wears a cardigan embellished with blingy rhinestones for shopping trip in Los Angeles  Fresh from Cannes Keeping him young at heart! Bruce Willis, 62, enjoys picnic with wife Emma, 38, and little daughters in Central Park Doting dad Bachelorette contestant Michael Nance 'died of overdose at sober living home,' claims former reality TV co-star On show in 2012 Ring-Ring a ding dong! Joanna Krupa shows off her lithe limbs as she poses with kitschy telephones and colourful ice-creams in Candyland pin-up shoot Rebel Wilson's sister is so convinced she's related to Walt Disney she almost named her daughter after him - as the actress wheels her family out in court  Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her beautiful bump in a nude lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys relaxing baby-moon in Thailand In Koh Samui That's a quick change! Ellie Goulding displays her hourglass curves in TWO waist-cinching ensembles as she steps out in style for radio appearance 'I didn't believe I would have healthy, positive relationships': Jamie Foxx's daughter Corrine details her struggle with anxiety that started when she was  14 'We changed it to Mysterious Girl': Peter Andre recalls how hit pop song was once called Mysterious Man  90s classic could have been very different 'I see definition and muscles': Confident Vicky Pattison is pleased as punch as she poses in a very skimpy bikini after three day juicing detox 'If anyone wants me...' Former Emmerdale and Hollyoaks actress Sheree Murphy pleads for a job on another soap during live TV interview Heidi Klum catches the eye in breezy kaftan summer dress as she tucks into an ice-cream during picturesque Greek getaway Sunshine break Style in black and white! Karlie Kloss wears a simply chic look as she embraces a post-Memorial Day sanctioned shade  Understated ensemble Jessie Wallace dresses down in her gym gear as she takes her dog for a walk... after ratings for her EastEnders spin-off Redwater 'drop by 2m' Texting an apology? Solo Ruby Rose checks her phone in Beverly Hills days after admitting she REGRETS mocking Katy Perry's 'Taylor Swift diss track' 'I can't believe how responsible I am!': Pink says she loves her family life with husband of 11 years Carey Hart... after they survived TWO splits Glamorous Kelly Rohrbach displays her svelte model figure in striking one-shouldered jumpsuit as she steps out for dinner in Berlin  Striking beauty Enjoying that, Mr Scoff-ield? TV host Phillip chows down on a burger during family holiday in LA with wife Stephanie and daughters Molly and Ruby 'Every tantalising thread was snipped': The Americans season finale receives solid yet underwhelming reviews... as FX series gears up for last chapter Hardly under cover! Bianca Gascoigne almost spills out of her skimpy camouflage print bikini as she splashes around in the pool in Ibiza 'I used to watch him do tricks': BGT finalist Issy Simpson, 8, hits back at fix claims as she reveals magician grandfather and Harry Potter inspired routine Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning figure in barely-there yellow bikini as she hits the shores with husband Wayne and their sons during Barbados break  If I Was Your (Cow)boyfriend! Justin Bieber looks delighted with his bizarre choice of outfit as he struts around NYC in stetson and bold gold jacket BGT makes way for Manchester: ITV's Britain's Got Talent final MOVED from Sunday to Saturday night to ensure Ariana Grande's benefit gig is not overshadowed Orlando Bloom's proud mother 'sends copies of her actor son's CV' to newspapers detailing his 'meteoric rise to fame' and stellar reviews Chloe Madeley flaunts pert posterior and taut abs as she slips into bra and knickers for raunchy Instagram snaps She's worked hard EXCLUSIVE: Kardashians score another victory in battle over scrapped beauty line - as appeal from company using their likeness is tossed out 'He was just such an inspiring performer': Dev Patel's girlfriend Tilda Cobham-Hervey, 22, gushes over late actor Heath Ledger  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The cheek of it! Jamie Laing cops a feel of his bikini-clad girlfriend Frankie Gaff's derriere as they join their co-stars on a lavish yacht  Size 22 Tess Holliday bashes a Snow White poster that labels a short, curvy version of the princess 'less beautiful' than the VERY svelte original  He's Scott the dollars! An unusually shy Kylie Jenner flaunts her slim waist in sexy low-slung jeans as boyfriend Travis carries huge wad of cash on date Princess Mary has a Princess Diana moment as her white trousers turn see-through in the sunlight as she steps out in Stockholm Oops moment The beaming Queen! Monarch is all smiles as she dons turquoise outfit and displays a chic new hairstyle at a luncheon in London  Fresh new crop 'I was a disaster of a boyfriend!' Keri Russell and Scott Speedman dish on their past relationship and reveal whether there will be a Felicity reunion Making a splash Down Under! Pippa and new hubby James Matthews climb into a water taxi in Sydney as they take honeymoon to Australia after private island trip Mini magician Issy Simpson, 8, soars through to BGT final amid 'fix' claims as she receives the most votes... after Alesha nearly RUINED her trick Top family! Richard Hammond enjoys a night out with wife Amanda and daughters Isabella and Willow during a break from The Grand Tour 'I'm greedy and fat...but I'm not insane': Dame Judi Dench appears as stubborn Queen Victoria in the trailer for upcoming biographical drama Victoria & Abdul 'Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry sports perilously short mini during filming... after viewers BLAST her 'vile drunken sex antics' in alarming new scenes 'I wish it was you that was dead and not mum': Jeff Brazier reveals 'worst thing' his sons have said to him as they deal with their mother Jade Goody's death TOWIE's Amber Turner shows off sensationally slender figure in glitzy peach bikini as she hits the beach in Marbella  Hit the sun-soaked beach with a pal Michael Jackson's ex-wife Debbie Rowe accidentally BURNS DOWN her friend's cottage in Vermont after helping her with some DIY What a blooming delight! 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford carries bouquet of flowers and gifts as she hugs fans at Sydney airport We'll take a paw-dicure: Paris Hilton takes her very well-dressed pooch to the salon as she steps out wearing colourful maxi dress  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson looks worse for wear in thigh-grazing dress for filming in Newcastle... hours after she flashed her bare breasts on TV 'There was no competition': Zac Efron says there was no rivalry with The Rock when it came to working out for Baywatch... after the movie FLOPS Smoking hot! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray flaunts her busty cleavage in sheer bikini bra as she poses with a morning cigarette  Busty display Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence dresses down as she steps out in Beverly Hills... after defending herself over THAT pole dancing routine 'She's irrelevant to everyone's lives': Love Island's Olivia Buckland and fiancé Alex Bowen cruelly take aim at Malin Andersson... as she brands couple 'bullies' Mel B ends rift with her mother Andrea as they pose for family photo... after the duo make amends after Spice Girl's split from husband Stephen Belafonte Beaming beauty! Delta Goodrem flashes taut torso in daring cut-out dress as she attends The Voice Australia live shows launch party in Sydney 'I guess we're good actors': Wonder Woman stars Gal Gadot and Chris Pine discuss their on-screen chemistry and THAT nude scene They play love interests  Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde slips into a skimpy bikini for Cape Verde beach day after revealing she's been body shamed for her 'too small' baby bump Going for breakfast at Tiffany's? Myleene Klass channels Audrey Hepburn in monochrome shift dress and yellow heels as she heads to work Nicola Peltz flashes her bra in sheer sweater as she enjoys cosy date night with model boyfriend Anwar Hadid Transformers actress put on a racy display  Feeling nippy? Supermodel Shanina Shaik goes BRALESS as she flaunts cleavage in low-cut black leotard Former Victoria's Secret model  'I was treated like a freak': Former Strictly judge Arlene Phillips was told she wouldn't be able to bond with her daughter after giving birth aged 47 Rochelle Humes is left red-faced AGAIN and has to apologise for a second day running as Jordana Brewster swears live on breakfast TV Summer starts here! Bikini-clad Abbey Clancy flashes her pert bottom as she takes a well earned break after completing work on Britain's Next Top Model Look away Dolph! Muscleman's model daughter Ida Lundgren goes TOPLESS in nothing but bikini briefs for sultry snap on the beach Censoring herself! Kylie Jenner places emojis over her sheer bra as she promotes lip kit on Snapchat Maintained her modesty with stars 'I get to press the scary buzzer!' Simon Cowell's mini-me son Eric, 3, steals the show on America's Got Talent as he takes his father's place on judging panel How does she do it? Pregnant Erin McNaught STRIPS DOWN to her underwear as she shows off bare baby bump and enviably toned frame at 24 weeks 'It's my dream come true': Alanis Morissette's Jagged Little Pill album is set to be turned into a musical It's more than 20 years old Coleen Rooney highlights her svelte frame in a plunging cream beach dress as she joins husband Wayne and their sons for Barbados beach day 'If I could take back decisions I made': Geordie Shore's Zahida Allen pens heartfelt apology to beau Sean Pratt in lengthy open letter on social media SPOILER ALERT: Violence between Beth and Nathan, Daniel threatens to kill himself and Nick gets caught in QUICKSAND as Corrie's late nights take a turn Olivia Newton-John, 68, reveals breast cancer has returned and spread to her back 25 years after she was first diagnosed  Cancelled tour 'People will sell their mum to get on Love Island!' Reality stars throw support behind TOWIE's Jon Clark after Chloe Crowhurst RUNS AWAY for the show That holiday glow! Lara Bingle looks radiant in all black ensemble as she returns from luxury vacation in Turks and Caicos Sydney airport  Kate goes gaga for Superga! The Duchess of Cambridge can't get enough of her £50 trainers (and sales of the shoes have DOUBLED) Kaya Scodelario sparks controversy after revealing a monkey would 'projectile vomit all the time' on set of Pirates Of Caribbean 'Hello, young lady!' Lionel Richie FaceTimes daughter Sofia while she cavorts around France with 'sex addict' pal Scott Disick  New companion EXCLUSIVE: Things are looking up for Chelsea Manning as she gets her eyes tested in NYC after trading military prison for the high life in the Big Apple Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Eastgroup Properties Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eastgroup Properties Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Shares Bought by Stephens Inc. AR May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Stephens Inc. AR raised its position in Eastgroup Properties Inc (NYSE:EGP) by 1.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 43,021 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 544 shares during the period. Stephens Inc. AR’s holdings in Eastgroup Properties were worth $3,163,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the company. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Eastgroup Properties during the fourth quarter worth $24,983,000. Panagora Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Eastgroup Properties by 1,364.9% in the third quarter. Panagora Asset Management Inc. now owns 99,951 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $7,352,000 after buying an additional 93,128 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Eastgroup Properties by 3.0% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,383,441 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $175,254,000 after buying an additional 69,964 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of Eastgroup Properties during the fourth quarter worth approximately $3,334,000. Finally, State Street Corp boosted its stake in shares of Eastgroup Properties by 3.9% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,180,601 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $87,172,000 after buying an additional 44,682 shares in the last quarter. 95.53% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Eastgroup Properties Inc (NYSE:EGP) traded up 0.68% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $81.42. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 67,581 shares. The firm has a market cap of $2.75 billion, a PE ratio of 30.92 and a beta of 0.92. The company has a 50-day moving average of $78.89 and a 200 day moving average of $73.85. Eastgroup Properties Inc has a one year low of $63.52 and a one year high of $82.29. Eastgroup Properties (NYSE:EGP) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, April 20th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.99 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.35 by $0.64. Eastgroup Properties had a net margin of 37.74% and a return on equity of 16.20%. The business had revenue of $66.15 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $66.76 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.91 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 7.4% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts forecast that Eastgroup Properties Inc will post $1.80 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Investors of record on Tuesday, May 16th will be given a $0.62 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 14th. This represents a $2.48 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.07%. Eastgroup Properties’s payout ratio is currently 84.64%. WARNING: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/eastgroup-properties-inc-egp-shares-bought-by-stephens-inc-ar.html. A number of analysts have commented on the company. Mizuho lifted their price target on Eastgroup Properties from $80.00 to $88.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Stifel Nicolaus lifted their price target on Eastgroup Properties from $73.00 to $78.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Evercore ISI reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and set a $73.00 price target (up previously from $69.00) on shares of Eastgroup Properties in a research report on Sunday, April 23rd. Morgan Stanley raised Eastgroup Properties from an “underweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and set a $76.00 price target for the company in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Finally, Cantor Fitzgerald reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $70.00 price target on shares of Eastgroup Properties in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $76.25. In related news, Director H C. Bailey, Jr. sold 850 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $81.31, for a total value of $69,113.50. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 3,082 shares in the company, valued at $250,597.42. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider John F. Coleman sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $80.56, for a total transaction of $402,800.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 18,850 shares of company stock valued at $1,496,174. 3.60% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Eastgroup Properties EastGroup Properties, Inc is an equity real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company is focused on the development, acquisition and operation of industrial properties in various Sunbelt markets across the United States with an emphasis in the states of Florida, Texas, Arizona, California and North Carolina. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EGP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Eastgroup Properties Inc (NYSE:EGP). Receive News & Ratings for Eastgroup Properties Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eastgroup Properties Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Education News US STOCKS-Wall St falls as financials stumble, oil drops Shares0 Thu, 1 Jun 2017-12:25am , Reuters U.S. stocks retreated on Wednesday, pulled lower by weakness in financials after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter, while a drop in oil prices weighed on energy stocks. JPMorgan blamed lower volatility for a 15 percent decline in trading revenue compared with last year, while Bank of America said trading revenue in the second quarter was on track to be 10 to 12 percent lower than last year. Financials rallied more than 20 percent in the wake of the U.S. presidential election on hopes of fiscal stimulus and deregulation under President Donald Trump but have struggled in recent weeks. The sector is now down 0.8 percent on the year. "It is just investors' confidence in the Trump policies is waning, it continues to wane," said Lindsey Bell, investment strategist at CFRA Research in New York. Measures of market volatility are at rock-bottom, hitting trading desks at big banks. The U.S. stock market's main gauge of investor anxiety closed at its lowest level in over two decades on May 8 and has not topped its long-term average of 20 since November. It did, however, hit a seven-day high of 11.18 on Wednesday. JPMorgan shares lost 2.4 percent while Goldman Sachs fell 3.4 percent and was the biggest drag on the Dow. Bank of America was down 2.7 percent. Adding to the pressure, oil prices touched a three week low as rising Libyan production fueled concerns that OPEC-led output cuts are being undermined by several countries that are excluded from the deal. U.S. crude lost 2.9 percent at $48.21 a barrel and Brent was off 3.1 percent at $50.63. Defensive plays such as utilities, up 0.6 percent and telecoms, up 0.5 percent, were the bright spots. "It's just more of an instance where the market is getting a little bit skittish," said Bell. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 36.91 points, or 0.18 percent, to 20,992.56, the S&P 500 lost 4.86 points, or 0.20 percent, to 2,408.05 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 21.02 points, or 0.34 percent, to 6,182.17. Shares of Michael Kors plunged 9.6 percent to $32.81 after the luxury fashion retailer gave a bleak full-year forecast and said it would shut more than 100 full-price retail stores in the next two years. Mallinckrodt was down 1.3 percent at $43.09, after sources said the drugmaker is exploring a sale of its generic drug unit, in a deal that could fetch as much as $2 billion. Analog Devices rose 2.5 percent to $86.91 after the chipmaker's quarterly results came in above expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.33-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.48-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Education UPSC 2016 Civil Services Results declared: Check upsc.gov.in for your results Education Students protest in Bihar over poor grading in class XII exam results Education DHSE Kerala Plus One 2017 Results declared: Check keralaresults.nic.in or dhsekerala.gov.in for Class 11 marks Education Manipur Class 10th, BSEM HSLC Results 2017 (manresults.nic.in): Manipur HSLC Result 2017 to be declared soon Education BSEM Results 2017 (bsem.nic.in): Manipur Board HSLC, BSEM 10th Results 2017 likely to be declared today on May 31 at 11 AM Education CBSE 10th Result 2017 (cbseresults.nic.in): CBSE 2017 X Result, cbse.nic.in likely to be declared on 2nd June Live Cricket Score England vs Bangladesh Thu, 1 June 2017, 03:00 PM IST Video Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma WATCH: Priyanka Chopra PROPOSES to Tupac, BEATS up a clown, does the Baywatch run and more.... View all Tags Bank of America Donald Trump Analog Devices Goldman Sachs Mallinckrodt Michael Kors New York U. S. Nasdaq Composite S&P CFRA Research Dow Jones Industrial Average NYSE SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News From no-hoper to crowd-puller, British Labour leader Corbyn gains ground BJP lauds Army, says India won't tolerate any terrorist activity UPSC results indicate emergence of women power Centre China limits exports of heavy dredgers over security concerns Fire 'largely put out', scrutiny on to bring down building Sport Indian women's hockey team heads to Shillaroo for national camp Soccer-Ibrahimovic to talk with United, consider rival offers - agent Cricket-Captain Morgan will not rob Roy of England opening spot Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Thursday, June 1 Ramchandra Guha resigns from BCCI's Committee of Administrators Entertainment Kapoor khandaan's OBSESSION with number '8' REVEALED! Patty Jenkins talks 'Thor 2' exit and when films disservice women It was difficult: Gulshan Grover on shooting bold scenes with Katrina Kaif in Boom! Anil Kapoor to play father to beta Harshvardhan in Abhinav Bindra biopic? Michelle Williams joins Amy Schumer in 'I Feel Pretty' Money Reform measures to broaden tax base, cut debt: Moody's C'garh targets 48 lakh ha acreage in kharif season Cardamom futures remain up, gain 3.72 pc on spot demand Govt trying to divert attention from GDP failure: Rahul 'Axis of love': Saudi-Russia detente heralds new oil order Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St falls as financials stumble, oil drops By Reuters Published: 14:49 EDT, 31 May 2017 | Updated: 14:49 EDT, 31 May 2017 e-mail By Chuck Mikolajczak NEW YORK, May 31 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks retreated on Wednesday, pulled lower by weakness in financials after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter, while a drop in oil prices weighed on energy stocks. JPMorgan blamed lower volatility for a 15 percent decline in trading revenue compared with last year, while Bank of America said trading revenue in the second quarter was on track to be 10 to 12 percent lower than last year. Financials rallied more than 20 percent in the wake of the U.S. presidential election on hopes of fiscal stimulus and deregulation under President Donald Trump but have struggled in recent weeks. The sector is now down 0.8 percent on the year. "It is just investors' confidence in the Trump policies is waning, it continues to wane," said Lindsey Bell, investment strategist at CFRA Research in New York. Measures of market volatility are at rock-bottom, hitting trading desks at big banks. The U.S. stock market's main gauge of investor anxiety closed at its lowest level in over two decades on May 8 and has not topped its long-term average of 20 since November. It did, however, hit a seven-day high of 11.18 on Wednesday. JPMorgan shares lost 2.4 percent while Goldman Sachs fell 3.4 percent and was the biggest drag on the Dow. Bank of America was down 2.7 percent. Adding to the pressure, oil prices touched a three week low as rising Libyan production fueled concerns that OPEC-led output cuts are being undermined by several countries that are excluded from the deal. U.S. crude lost 2.9 percent at $48.21 a barrel and Brent was off 3.1 percent at $50.63. Defensive plays such as utilities, up 0.6 percent and telecoms, up 0.5 percent, were the bright spots. "It´s just more of an instance where the market is getting a little bit skittish," said Bell. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 36.91 points, or 0.18 percent, to 20,992.56, the S&amp;P 500 lost 4.86 points, or 0.20 percent, to 2,408.05 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 21.02 points, or 0.34 percent, to 6,182.17. Shares of Michael Kors plunged 9.6 percent to $32.81 after the luxury fashion retailer gave a bleak full-year forecast and said it would shut more than 100 full-price retail stores in the next two years. Mallinckrodt was down 1.3 percent at $43.09, after sources said the drugmaker is exploring a sale of its generic drug unit, in a deal that could fetch as much as $2 billion. Analog Devices rose 2.5 percent to $86.91 after the chipmaker's quarterly results came in above expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.33-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.48-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&amp;P 500 posted 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows. (Reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS What a handful! Cheeky Travis Scott gets a firm grip on Kylie Jenner's derriere during PDA-heavy outing in Los Angeles She can be a handful Geri Horner sizzles in red figure-hugging cocktail dress as she puts on an affectionate display with husband Christian at End The Silence charity bash All of me! Topless Chrissy Teigen guards her modesty as she shows off her fresh spray tan on Snapchat Shared a naked picture on social media Braless Amanda Holden nearly bares all in dress with high split for BGT semi-finals... after vowing to spark 'Ofcom complaints' with her racy ensembles  'I used to have full-scale meltdowns in bathing suit shops': Ariel Winter reveals breast augmentation gave her confidence to sizzle in swimwear 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  So nice she wore them twice! Pippa Middleton dons the same $200 espadrilles she wore to lunch on Wednesday - as she exits Sydney with a smile  Hello boys! Love Island beauties Jess Shears, Camilla Thurlow and Chloe Crowhurst flaunt their figures in skimpy bikinis for sizzling shoot ahead of show's return 'That's insane!' Kendall Jenner bangs on table as family reacts to Caitlyn's memoir... and Kim Kardashian admits to reading the whole thing Emily Ratajkowski poses NUDE as her friend shares cheeky throwback snap of the actress flaunting her peachy derriere Stripped off  'Are you sure that's a bruise?': Jesy Nelson is accused of photoshopping her pics as fans question mysterious black mark on her stomach  'He taught me how to be a dad': Peter Andre praises former stepson Harvey Price... after ex-wife Katie claimed he 'no longer sees' the teenager Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her taut midriff as she takes daughter Penelope to paint class... while ex Scott Disick is spotted with EIGHTH woman No more beef! Bella Thorne grabs a greasy biteto eat...after shrugging off humiliating trip with sex addict Scott Disick She's moving on Simon Cowell rolls his eyes as Ned Woodman, 9, makes the BGT final... after child comic dubbed judges 'desperate losers' and called Amanda Holden a DOG 'You sexist pig!' Simon Cowell is deemed 'anti-feminist' by BGT viewers as he tells female magician Josephine he likes her LEGS but not her act Sushi date! Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid enjoy a relaxed dinner together at their favorite restaurant Nobu in NYC Best friends reunited in the city Too much Cigarettes and Alcohol? Comeback kid Liam Gallagher sidesteps VERY excited female fan... as he rules out Oasis reunion at Manchester benefit gig New direction? Kesha steps out for lunch as it's revealed Eagles Of Death Metal cut two tracks with her for her third album Casual 'She didn't want any spoilers': Justin Theroux says wife Jennifer Aniston won't 'run lines with me' for The Leftovers because she's a fan 'She will beat this': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi says star, 68, will use cannabis oil following second breast cancer diagnosis 'Some of my fave people!' Kim Kardashian shares heartwarming photo of baby Saint and grandma Mary Jo on Instagram Happy families David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their bid to overturn a £700million tax bill after investing in controversial film schemes Ellie Goulding dazzles in a striking sequinned black gown before changing into glittering gold frock at London charity bash Glittering Smitten Richard Gere, 67, can't keep his hands off girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 34, at premiere of his new film Norman in Madrid... after tactile display with blonde Amanda Holden has been wearing 'nipple covers' for Britain's Got Talent live shows as her assets continue to steal the limelight Focal point  Bell bottom beauty! Amanda Peet goes casual in white sweater and VERY wide black flares at Brockmire event in LA Stepped out to lobby  Smooth sailing! Lindsey Vonn sizzles in red bikini as she enjoys yacht time with boyfriend Kenan Smith during yacht time in Monaco Shocking video of Tiger Woods during his DUI arrest shows the beleaguered barefoot golfer swaying, rolling his eyes and slurring his words in sobriety tests  Revenge is a dish best served in lingerie! Ashley Graham flaunts her incredible figure for racy selfie... after revealing she was bullied at school Upstaged by his own beard! Scruffy Jim Carrey is wild and bushy at LA premiere of his Showtime comedy I'm Dying Up Here Scruffy appearance 'I was resigned to dying': Fern Britton was left 'fighting for her life' after contracting sepsis following routine hysterectomy Health scare 'What's wrong with your leg?' Ant McPartlin sparks concern after fans spot presenter sporting brace... after he appeared to have difficulty walking on BGT X-rated fun! Kendall Jenner films Cara Delevingne jumping around on inflatable breasts at the Museum of Sex in New York City Freeing the nipple 'I thought he was joking!' Katie Derham reveals her husband John proposed on the first night they met... but she mistook him for a BOUNCER Jim Carrey set to face trial over the fatal overdose of his ex-girlfriend after wrongful death lawsuit alleged he supplied the drugs that killed her 'They're just milking that cow for money!' Kirsten Dunst slams new Spider Man reboot... as she reveals 'it's time to have babies and chill' in candid interview Oopsy Daisy! Former Strictly contestant Lowe appears to have two left feet as she takes an embarrassing tumble after attending pal Alexa Chung's fashion party Taylor Swift scores early legal victory over DJ she claims grabbed her rear... but must face jury trial over allegation she had him fired Sweet charity! Jerry and Jessica Seinfeld take the kids to a philanthropic party in New York's Central Park Jerry stepped out for a good cause Not Di-sick of partying yet? Scott cosies up to woman number EIGHT as he boards a private jet after raucous week in Cannes with a bevy of beauties Fighting to survive: Idris Elba and Kate Winslet are lost in the wilderness in new trailer for The Mountain Between Us Oscar-winner Winslet Phwoar-saw! Joanna Krupa flashes serious underboob as she attends fashion show in native Poland Special appearance Johnny Depp was kept in the dark about his finances and his sister used his money, claims whistleblower who worked for his former business managers Michelle Williams to star alongside Amy Schumer in upcoming comedy I Feel Pretty Michelle is best known for her serious acting work Keeping under wraps! Erin McNaught covers up after stripping off and stunning fans with her incredibly toned pregnancy figure at 24 weeks Rapper and former Justin Bieber sidekick Lil Twist is ordered to pay $1.5million to former child star Chris Massey following assault Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst DENIES dumping Jon Clark to appear on the dating show... after TOWIE star branded her an 'evil b***h' Hedging your bets? The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell has yet to return her fiance Ben Higgins' ring after calling off engagement  The ring should go back Lunch to go! Lisa Rinna steps out makeup-free in grey sweater as she picks up food from Hollywood eatery Trendy slippers Tough session! Shirtless Justin Bieber steps out of boxing gym... and into the dentist after chipping a tooth Not what he expected Chloe Grace Moretz cuddles up to her pet pooch Pearl... as she stands up against 'fat-shaming' trailer for her new animated film Keeping good company EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Potty-mouth chef Gordon Ramsay claims the Queen uses the same fruity language that he favours The Moore the merrier! Mandy shows off assets in clinging white top as she mingles with fans at TV show taping Former princess of pop turned actress The Clooneys' countdown to TWINMAGEDDON: How George and Amal are preparing for double trouble (as they babies' arrival gets ever closer) New parents Storm and Ronan Keating enjoy a night off nappy duties as they pucker up on the red carpet at End The Silence charity bash Joint appearance 'I am just as appalled and angry as everyone else': Chloe Moretz apologizes for body shaming ad for her new animated film Upcoming animated film 'Someone bring us cake!' Pregnant Ferne McCann opens up about food cravings... after asking mind reader to predict baby's sex on Britain's Got Talent 'Together again!'  Bionic Woman Lindsay Wagner and Six Million Dollar Man Lee Majors reunite on set of family-friendly movie Reunited Back to his Becks! David Beckham smoulders in new watch campaign as he makes return to modelling following maligned King Arthur film cameo 'We love living together': Ariel Winter, 19, hits back at critics who say her boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, is too old for her Love has no age Bumping along! Orange Is The New Black actor Jason Biggs and pregnant wife Jenny Mollen enjoy sunny stroll in Manhattan Shopping spree Iron hug! Arnold Schwarzenegger gives his handsome son Patrick an affectionate squeeze in Beverly Hills Still honoring the veterans days  'I'm ruthless': Gwyneth Paltrow says she's 'milked the f*** out of every opportunity' as she talks divorce, aging and movie burn out Determined Make-up free Lily Collins flashes a glimpse of her gym-honed physique in tight leggings with sheer panels as she hits the gym  That was close! Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman suffer awkward 'near miss' when they're both booked to appear James Corden's late night talk show Winter wonderland? Mila Kunis shoots snow filled scene for A Bad Mom's Christmas... during sweltering Atlanta weather On set Vogue Williams flashes her tanned curves in bright neon bikini on the beach in Marbella... as she admits she's pining for beau Spencer Matthews Jenna Dewan celebrates hit ratings for World of Dance premiere over breakfast with hunky husband Channing Tatum Date  Leggy Lucy Watson is towered over by Ianthe Rose at Wonder Woman screening in London... after premiere was cancelled following Manchester attack Red hot! Gigi Hadid keeps it casual cool in crimson top and matching shades while out in New York Laid-back supermodel style Rude Boy! Rihanna steps out at celebrity hot spot Nobu after being fat-shamed by sports writer  Star kept a low profile following incident 'I hope it's not weird': Love Island newbie Camilla Thurlow reveals she's 'excited' to meet host Caroline Flack as they've BOTH been linked to Prince Harry FIRST LOOK: Jessica Biel is covered in blood after 'an inexplicable fit of rage' while at the beach with her family in stills from upcoming series The Sinner Red hot mama! Brazilian bombshell Alessandra Ambrosio looks like a 10 in her flattering red swimsuit as she struts her stuff in Malibu Supercalifragilistic showman! James Corden dons drag as he recreates classic scenes from Mary Poppins on the streets of London  FIRST LOOK: Big Brother 2017's VERY chintzy house is unveiled as fans count down to 'extremely revealing' new series  Sneak peek Andrew Garfield dons a curly wig and performs a BACKFLIP as he lip syncs to Whitney Houston in hilarious clip  Centre stage Gabourey gone wild! Sidibe has the time of her life while zooming around on jet ski on luxury yacht vacation in Barbados Living it up Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez flaunts her leggy figure in perilously short hot pants and heels as they enjoy a shopping trip in Madrid 'Dungeon and torture chamber': Bethenny Frankel bursts into tears twice on RHONY under stress from ex Reality star lost it on two occasions 'Life on the ocean waves': Corrie's Samia Longchambon flaunts her slim figure in a swimsuit as she holidays with skating pro husband Sylvain 'I want her to be named after me': Pregnant Serena Williams shows off her baby bump as sister Venus confirms she is expecting a girl at the French Open Bumping along in a bikini! The Hills veteran Lauren Conrad shows off heavily pregnant tummy while promoting swimwear line Baby joy Coronation Street's Ben Price says emotional goodbye to on-screen arch nemesis Peter Barlow after filming his final scenes as Nick Tilsley Newlyweds Pippa and James continue second leg of their honeymoon with a romantic date night - hours after they scaled the Sydney Harbour Bridge  Stella Maxwell and girlfriend Kristen Stewart dangerously hang out of a car window as they go to extreme lengths to get the perfect photo  'She was so shaken up': Former Fifth Harmony singer Camila Cabello 'had no words' when she spoke to Ariana Grande following Manchester attack Donna Air looks the picture of elegance as she stuns in a ruffled silk halterneck gown at star-studded Golden Gala in London Leading the glamour Chris Martin enjoys boys' time with son Moses, 11, in Disneyland ahead of Coldplay's set at Manchester attack benefit concert Tangerine dream! Zilda Williams strips down to a tiny string bikini after revealing her DDs have BALLOONED in size to an E-cup and are now 'too big' Jennifer Garner disowns People magazine cover she didn't agree to as she denies reports she's scared to date after Ben Affleck divorce filing Their secret weapon! New Game Of Thrones shots with Stark family might have accidentally revealed massive season seven spoiler Spoiler EXCLUSIVE: If looks could kill! Tori Spelling shows up nearly an hour late to stepson's high school graduation and gets the stink eye by Dean McDermott's ex She wore an itsy bitsy teeny tiny bikini! Shanina Shaik sizzles as she shows off her cleavage in sexy swimwear for NEXT Pin-up Ewan McGregor's Fargo accent is part Abba, part Deputy Dawg: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV Channel 4's Fargo  Children of Hollywood: Chanel muse Lily-Rose Depp, Sistine Stallone and Willow Smith lead the glamour at 2017 Métiers D'art runway show in Tokyo 'My dad tracks my phone once a day': Sofia Richie reveals Lionel keeps tabs on her as she's seen without 'homie' Scott Disick after romance rumours Sweet Harmony! Former girl group member Camila Cabello puts on a busty display in sexy photo shoot for Guess Centre stage 'All I felt was rage': Comedy Central's Trevor Noah recalls horror of hearing his mother was shot by stepfather The Daily Show host EXCLUSIVE: She's a knockout - and has brains too! Daughter of Rocky star Sylvester Stallone graduates cum laude from $15,000-a-year high school  Cream of the crop! Former TOWIE star Jasmin Walia puts on a leggy display in shimmering nude mini dress and perspex heels in Ibiza Megan McKenna dons a strapless bra in sultry behind-the-scenes snap at photoshoot... as it's claimed her ex Jordan Davies is set 'explosive' appearance on CBB 'Where are the women of colour?' Alexa Chung fans blast an Instagram snap of her debut fashion show for lack of diversity Debut fashion show  Blac Chyna steps out in shirt bearing her own portrait... amid claims ex Rob Kardashian is now dating lookalike Meghan James Self promotion 'My cat could have written it in 10 minutes!': Noel Gallagher blasts Harry Styles' solo single as he claims Simon Cowell has 'ruined' the pop industry Grey's Anatomy favourite Ellen Pompeo shows off stylish 'modern barn' Hamptons retreat for Architectural Digest Beautiful home  Sean Connery takes a stroll around NYC with his wife Micheline Roquebrune... as he steps out for first time since ex co-star Molly Peters passed away 'They were shaken': Jonas Brothers patriarch reveals colon cancer battle and details the reaction of his famous sons Health woes  'What a time to reunite!' Fans go wild with speculation feuding Liam and Noel Gallagher will reform Oasis for Manchester benefit concert this weekend Producer Harvey Weinstein rushed by Cannes cops after he walks right past security checkpoints at AmFAR Sidestepped security checkpoints Trying to start a trend? Drew Barrymore again steps out in bizarre orange sunglasses that look borrowed from Star Wars wardrobe department Move over, Dakota! Johnson's little sister Stella Banderas shows off her bikini body during trip to Italy to take in the Gucci fashion show Stealing the show 'So sorry to people behind!' Ashley James sizzles in racy pink swimsuit during Marbella break... but apologises for racy THONG cut Swanky outfit! Hilary wears look from her new Mission Statement brand as she talks up the range for women-on-the-go Leggy look Fearne Cotton nails colour blocking chic in vibrant purple sweater and mismatched red flares as she arrives at BBC Radio studios Bright 'She still says Ben was the love of her life': Jennifer Garner is 'NOT dating yet'... even though Affleck moved out of their mansion a month ago New squeeze? Ex On The Beach's Charlotte Dawson passionately kisses mystery man in Manchester... three months after Matt Sarsfield split  Sports writer slammed for calling Rihanna 'FAT' and claiming her 'tough to stomach' look will set a 'dangerous precedent' - years after joking about her being beaten She's high on endorphins! Reese Witherspoon can't wipe the smile off her face after a tough yoga session Beaming In full bloom! Pregnant Princess Sofia of Sweden displays her baby bump for the first time in a vivid pink dress Glowing Keeping up with Kanye! Kendall Jenner signs on as the face of sportswear giant Adidas Originals Fronting the brand's new campaign Shame-less of her to go around! Tina Malone flaunts slender physique in barely-there bikini as she preens and pouts poolside in Cyprus  Showing weight loss The dapper Duke! Prince Philip looks smart in a straw boater as he throws a reception to celebrate London Youth's 130th anniversary Debbie Douglas reveals she is quitting TOWIE along with daughter Lydia Bright... but insists her decision has 'no link at all' to James Argent's return 'We're old school': Nicole Kidman reveals Keith Urban and her never text... as she shows off her lithe legs for InStyle cover shoot Old fashioned romance Throwing shade! Bikini-clad Bella Hadid parties on Lewis Hamilton's yacht with fashionista Sophie Hermann and Winnie Harlow in Monte Carlo Pretty in sparkly pink! Elle Fanning wears a cardigan embellished with blingy rhinestones for shopping trip in Los Angeles  Fresh from Cannes Keeping him young at heart! Bruce Willis, 62, enjoys picnic with wife Emma, 38, and little daughters in Central Park Doting dad Bachelorette contestant Michael Nance 'died of overdose at sober living home,' claims former reality TV co-star On show in 2012 Ring-Ring a ding dong! Joanna Krupa shows off her lithe limbs as she poses with kitschy telephones and colourful ice-creams in Candyland pin-up shoot Rebel Wilson's sister is so convinced she's related to Walt Disney she almost named her daughter after him - as the actress wheels her family out in court  Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her beautiful bump in a nude lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys relaxing baby-moon in Thailand In Koh Samui That's a quick change! Ellie Goulding displays her hourglass curves in TWO waist-cinching ensembles as she steps out in style for radio appearance 'I didn't believe I would have healthy, positive relationships': Jamie Foxx's daughter Corrine details her struggle with anxiety that started when she was  14 'We changed it to Mysterious Girl': Peter Andre recalls how hit pop song was once called Mysterious Man  90s classic could have been very different 'I see definition and muscles': Confident Vicky Pattison is pleased as punch as she poses in a very skimpy bikini after three day juicing detox 'If anyone wants me...' Former Emmerdale and Hollyoaks actress Sheree Murphy pleads for a job on another soap during live TV interview Heidi Klum catches the eye in breezy kaftan summer dress as she tucks into an ice-cream during picturesque Greek getaway Sunshine break Style in black and white! Karlie Kloss wears a simply chic look as she embraces a post-Memorial Day sanctioned shade  Understated ensemble Jessie Wallace dresses down in her gym gear as she takes her dog for a walk... after ratings for her EastEnders spin-off Redwater 'drop by 2m' Texting an apology? Solo Ruby Rose checks her phone in Beverly Hills days after admitting she REGRETS mocking Katy Perry's 'Taylor Swift diss track' 'I can't believe how responsible I am!': Pink says she loves her family life with husband of 11 years Carey Hart... after they survived TWO splits Glamorous Kelly Rohrbach displays her svelte model figure in striking one-shouldered jumpsuit as she steps out for dinner in Berlin  Striking beauty Enjoying that, Mr Scoff-ield? TV host Phillip chows down on a burger during family holiday in LA with wife Stephanie and daughters Molly and Ruby 'Every tantalising thread was snipped': The Americans season finale receives solid yet underwhelming reviews... as FX series gears up for last chapter Hardly under cover! Bianca Gascoigne almost spills out of her skimpy camouflage print bikini as she splashes around in the pool in Ibiza 'I used to watch him do tricks': BGT finalist Issy Simpson, 8, hits back at fix claims as she reveals magician grandfather and Harry Potter inspired routine Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning figure in barely-there yellow bikini as she hits the shores with husband Wayne and their sons during Barbados break  If I Was Your (Cow)boyfriend! Justin Bieber looks delighted with his bizarre choice of outfit as he struts around NYC in stetson and bold gold jacket BGT makes way for Manchester: ITV's Britain's Got Talent final MOVED from Sunday to Saturday night to ensure Ariana Grande's benefit gig is not overshadowed Orlando Bloom's proud mother 'sends copies of her actor son's CV' to newspapers detailing his 'meteoric rise to fame' and stellar reviews Chloe Madeley flaunts pert posterior and taut abs as she slips into bra and knickers for raunchy Instagram snaps She's worked hard EXCLUSIVE: Kardashians score another victory in battle over scrapped beauty line - as appeal from company using their likeness is tossed out 'He was just such an inspiring performer': Dev Patel's girlfriend Tilda Cobham-Hervey, 22, gushes over late actor Heath Ledger  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The cheek of it! Jamie Laing cops a feel of his bikini-clad girlfriend Frankie Gaff's derriere as they join their co-stars on a lavish yacht  Size 22 Tess Holliday bashes a Snow White poster that labels a short, curvy version of the princess 'less beautiful' than the VERY svelte original  He's Scott the dollars! An unusually shy Kylie Jenner flaunts her slim waist in sexy low-slung jeans as boyfriend Travis carries huge wad of cash on date Princess Mary has a Princess Diana moment as her white trousers turn see-through in the sunlight as she steps out in Stockholm Oops moment The beaming Queen! Monarch is all smiles as she dons turquoise outfit and displays a chic new hairstyle at a luncheon in London  Fresh new crop 'I was a disaster of a boyfriend!' Keri Russell and Scott Speedman dish on their past relationship and reveal whether there will be a Felicity reunion Making a splash Down Under! Pippa and new hubby James Matthews climb into a water taxi in Sydney as they take honeymoon to Australia after private island trip Mini magician Issy Simpson, 8, soars through to BGT final amid 'fix' claims as she receives the most votes... after Alesha nearly RUINED her trick Top family! Richard Hammond enjoys a night out with wife Amanda and daughters Isabella and Willow during a break from The Grand Tour 'I'm greedy and fat...but I'm not insane': Dame Judi Dench appears as stubborn Queen Victoria in the trailer for upcoming biographical drama Victoria & Abdul 'Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry sports perilously short mini during filming... after viewers BLAST her 'vile drunken sex antics' in alarming new scenes 'I wish it was you that was dead and not mum': Jeff Brazier reveals 'worst thing' his sons have said to him as they deal with their mother Jade Goody's death TOWIE's Amber Turner shows off sensationally slender figure in glitzy peach bikini as she hits the beach in Marbella  Hit the sun-soaked beach with a pal Michael Jackson's ex-wife Debbie Rowe accidentally BURNS DOWN her friend's cottage in Vermont after helping her with some DIY What a blooming delight! 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford carries bouquet of flowers and gifts as she hugs fans at Sydney airport We'll take a paw-dicure: Paris Hilton takes her very well-dressed pooch to the salon as she steps out wearing colourful maxi dress  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson looks worse for wear in thigh-grazing dress for filming in Newcastle... hours after she flashed her bare breasts on TV 'There was no competition': Zac Efron says there was no rivalry with The Rock when it came to working out for Baywatch... after the movie FLOPS Smoking hot! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray flaunts her busty cleavage in sheer bikini bra as she poses with a morning cigarette  Busty display Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence dresses down as she steps out in Beverly Hills... after defending herself over THAT pole dancing routine 'She's irrelevant to everyone's lives': Love Island's Olivia Buckland and fiancé Alex Bowen cruelly take aim at Malin Andersson... as she brands couple 'bullies' Mel B ends rift with her mother Andrea as they pose for family photo... after the duo make amends after Spice Girl's split from husband Stephen Belafonte Beaming beauty! Delta Goodrem flashes taut torso in daring cut-out dress as she attends The Voice Australia live shows launch party in Sydney 'I guess we're good actors': Wonder Woman stars Gal Gadot and Chris Pine discuss their on-screen chemistry and THAT nude scene They play love interests  Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde slips into a skimpy bikini for Cape Verde beach day after revealing she's been body shamed for her 'too small' baby bump Going for breakfast at Tiffany's? Myleene Klass channels Audrey Hepburn in monochrome shift dress and yellow heels as she heads to work Nicola Peltz flashes her bra in sheer sweater as she enjoys cosy date night with model boyfriend Anwar Hadid Transformers actress put on a racy display  Feeling nippy? Supermodel Shanina Shaik goes BRALESS as she flaunts cleavage in low-cut black leotard Former Victoria's Secret model  'I was treated like a freak': Former Strictly judge Arlene Phillips was told she wouldn't be able to bond with her daughter after giving birth aged 47 Rochelle Humes is left red-faced AGAIN and has to apologise for a second day running as Jordana Brewster swears live on breakfast TV Summer starts here! Bikini-clad Abbey Clancy flashes her pert bottom as she takes a well earned break after completing work on Britain's Next Top Model Look away Dolph! Muscleman's model daughter Ida Lundgren goes TOPLESS in nothing but bikini briefs for sultry snap on the beach Censoring herself! Kylie Jenner places emojis over her sheer bra as she promotes lip kit on Snapchat Maintained her modesty with stars 'I get to press the scary buzzer!' Simon Cowell's mini-me son Eric, 3, steals the show on America's Got Talent as he takes his father's place on judging panel How does she do it? Pregnant Erin McNaught STRIPS DOWN to her underwear as she shows off bare baby bump and enviably toned frame at 24 weeks 'It's my dream come true': Alanis Morissette's Jagged Little Pill album is set to be turned into a musical It's more than 20 years old Coleen Rooney highlights her svelte frame in a plunging cream beach dress as she joins husband Wayne and their sons for Barbados beach day 'If I could take back decisions I made': Geordie Shore's Zahida Allen pens heartfelt apology to beau Sean Pratt in lengthy open letter on social media SPOILER ALERT: Violence between Beth and Nathan, Daniel threatens to kill himself and Nick gets caught in QUICKSAND as Corrie's late nights take a turn Olivia Newton-John, 68, reveals breast cancer has returned and spread to her back 25 years after she was first diagnosed  Cancelled tour 'People will sell their mum to get on Love Island!' Reality stars throw support behind TOWIE's Jon Clark after Chloe Crowhurst RUNS AWAY for the show That holiday glow! Lara Bingle looks radiant in all black ensemble as she returns from luxury vacation in Turks and Caicos Sydney airport  Kate goes gaga for Superga! The Duchess of Cambridge can't get enough of her £50 trainers (and sales of the shoes have DOUBLED) Kaya Scodelario sparks controversy after revealing a monkey would 'projectile vomit all the time' on set of Pirates Of Caribbean 'Hello, young lady!' Lionel Richie FaceTimes daughter Sofia while she cavorts around France with 'sex addict' pal Scott Disick  New companion EXCLUSIVE: Things are looking up for Chelsea Manning as she gets her eyes tested in NYC after trading military prison for the high life in the Big Apple Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Thursday, June 01, 2017Switch to हिन्दी SportsTracker From aerodynamics to tyres, all F1 rule changes for 2017 season explained Front Page Politics Dissidence in Nagaland BJP: Ahead of polls, workers demand state president's ouster Ban on cow slaughter has to be decided by states, not the Centre: BJP DMK protests against Centre's cattle slaughter order, Stalin warns of 'another Marina revolution' Ban on sale of cattle for slaughter: BJP lashes out at DMK for criticising Centre Mumbai Congress leader Baba Siddique's premises raided by ED in money laundering case Congress likely to postpone internal elections in poll-bound states Sports Live Champions Trophy 2017, England vs Bangladesh, cricket score and updates: Hosts eye winning start Arsene Wenger signs 2-year extension: Redemption beckons for the one man who truly cares about Arsenal Ramachandra Guha resigns from BCCI's SC-appointed panel of administrators citing personal reasons Thailand GPG: Parupalli Kashyap calls for better scheduling after being forced to play 2 matches in 12 hours Champions Tophy 2017: Favourites England look to overcome Bangladesh's threat in the tournament opener Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch England vs Bangladesh match, coverage on TV and live streaming India Liquor ban on highways: Bombay HC refuses to grant relief to shop owners Pakistan violates ceasefire, kills General Reserve Engineering Force personnel in Poonch district Sushma Swaraj assures medical visa to ailing infant from Pakistan ACB begins probe into Kapil Mishra's allegations of medicine shortage scam Infosys techie Ilayaraja Arunachalam found dead in Chennai; family suspects murder Pakistan violates ceasefire along LoC in Rajouri and Poonch sector; India retaliates World UN General Assembly's Miroslav Lajcak promises to push for Security Council reform Jeff Sessions may have had more meetings with Russian ambassador before Donald Trump's election Narendra Modi's four-nation tour: Global equations are shifting, India-Russia must reinvigorate bilateral ties Hillary Clinton quip on 'covfefe': It was a message to the Russians Donald Trump and Paris accord: If US leaves, there will be a storm but stronger deal can emerge Donald Trump to announce decision on Paris climate deal: All you need to know about the accord Business MakeMyTrip's Snapdeal moment: After co-founder's beef tweets, tour operator comes under attack Manufacturing growth slips to 3-month low in May as demand for goods slacken Shaktikanta Das retires as Economic Affairs Secretary, Tapan Ray to succeed Demonetisation pushes GDP down to 6.1%: Can the govt come out of denial at least now? Ikea acquires 14-acre plot in Bengaluru to set up 4.5 lakh sq ft store; will create 500 jobs Petrol price hiked by Rs 1.23 per litre, diesel by 89 paise after global oil prices rise Entertainment Spyder: Glimpse of Mahesh Babu's film gives fans a reason to look forward to Dussehra Baahubali 2: The Conclusion Hindi version crosses 500 cr; how have other films compared? MOM: Sridevi looks fierce in three new posters with Nawazuddin, Akshay Khanna Priyanka Chopra, Kapil Sharma: Will the real Dadasaheb Phalke award please stand up? Priyanka Chopra, Dhinchak Pooja: A conversation about trolls, legs and the internet Munna Michael poster: Tiger Shroff stars in India's first action-dance movie Photos Videos F.Shows TECH2 हिंदी CT 2017 Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News Wall Street falls as bank stocks skid, oil dips | Reuters Wall Street falls as bank stocks skid, oil dips | Reuters FwireReutersMay, 31 2017 23:15:04 IST #Reuters By Sweta Singh and Tanya Agrawal U.S. stocks were down on Wednesday as financials tumbled after JPMorgan and Bank of America hinted at revenue weakness in the current quarter and oil prices fell to a three-week low.JPMorgan blamed lower volatility for the decline in trading revenue, while Bank of America said trading revenue in the second quarter was on track to be 10-12 percent lower than last year.Measures of market volatility are at rock-bottom, hitting trading desks at big banks. The U.S. stock market's main gauge of investor anxiety closed at its lowest level in over two decades on May 8."There is a choppy sideways market due to the fact that fundamentals are largely unchanged and expectations of market friendly policies in the U.S. are being pushed to 2018," said Stephen Wood, chief market strategist, North America, Russell Investments.Financials, which have largely outperformed the broader market on bets of fiscal stimulus and simpler banking regulations under President Donald Trump, are on track to decline 0.7 percent so far this year. JPMorgan was down 2 percent on Wednesday. Goldman Sachs fell 3 percent and was the biggest drag on the Dow. Bank of America was down 2.5 percent.Adding to the pressure, oil prices fell as rising Libyan production fueled concerns that OPEC-led output cuts are being undermined by several countries that are excluded from the deal. [O/R]"With oil also down, the thoughts of an economic slowdown start to come up in people's minds and has created a pause in the market euphoria," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital in Bernardville, New Jersey. Seven of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the financial index's 1.13 percent fall leading the decliners.At 12:31 a.m. ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 30.8 points, or 0.15 percent, at 20,998.67, the S&P 500 was down 5.1 points, or 0.21 percent, at 2,407.81 and the Nasdaq Composite index was down 16.44 points, or 0.26 percent, at 6,186.75.Shares of Michael Kors fell 9.9 percent to $32.69 after the luxury fashion retailer gave a bleak full-year forecast and said it would shut more than 100 full-price retail stores in the next two years. Mallinckrodt was down 1.4 percent at $43.04, after sources said the drugmaker is exploring a sale of its generic drug unit, in a deal that could fetch as much as $2 billion.Analog Devices rose 2.5 percent to $86.91 after the chipmaker's quarterly results came in above expectations.Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,706 to 1,122, for a 1.52-to-1 ratio on the downside. On the Nasdaq, 1,678 issues fell and 1,057 advanced for a 1.59-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.The S&P 500 index showed 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows. (Reporting by Sweta Singh; Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: May 31, 2017 11:15 pm | Updated Date: May 31, 2017 11:15 pm Also See Google shifts mobile focus to apps and digital assistant | Reuters Many nations pin climate hopes on China, India as hopes for Trump fade | Reuters Child rape victim renews focus on sexual violence in India | Reuters India's drugmakers need more time to meet international standards: industry group | Reuters Champions Trophy 2017 Match Date Details 1 Jun 1 ENG Vs BAN 2 Jun 2 AUS Vs NZ 3 Jun 3 SL Vs SA 4 Jun 4 IND Vs PAK 5 Jun 5 AUS Vs BAN Full Schedule Top Stories Ban on cattle sale for slaughter: Can we stop outraging and focus on regulating animal markets? Ramachandra Guha Steps Down as BCCI Administrator, Cites 'Personal Reasons' Narendra Modi's four-nation tour: Global equations are shifting, India-Russia must reinvigorate bilateral ties Priyanka Chopra meets Narendra Modi: What 'sanskaari' trolls tell us of battle over women's bodies Health insurance: Why taking a policy at the earliest helps Demonetisation pushes GDP down to 6.1%: Can the govt come out of denial at least now? Champions Trophy 2017: Can swashbuckling England handle pressure of expectations? Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 IND Vs BAN India beat Bangladesh by 240 runs ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 NZ Vs SL New Zealand beat Sri Lanka by 6 wickets South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs SA South Africa beat England by 7 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 AUS Vs PAK Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 IND Vs NZ India beat New Zealand by 45 runs (D/L method) South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs SA England beat South Africa by 2 runs ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 BAN Vs PAK Pakistan beat Bangladesh by 2 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 AUS Vs SL Australia beat Sri Lanka by 2 wickets Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 BAN Vs NZ Bangladesh beat New Zealand by 5 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Rising Pune Supergiant by 1 run ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs BAN - Jun 1st, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS vs NZ - Jun 2nd, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 3rd, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL vs SA - Jun 3rd, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 4th, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs PAK - Jun 4th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS vs BAN - Jun 5th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 6th, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs NZ - Jun 6th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 PAK vs SA - Jun 7th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Business News US STOCKS-Wall St falls as bank stocks skid, oil dips Shares0 Wed, 31 May 2017-10:53pm , Reuters U.S. stocks were down on Wednesday as financials tumbled after JPMorgan and Bank of America hinted at revenue weakness in the current quarter and oil prices fell to a three-week low. JPMorgan blamed lower volatility for the decline in trading revenue, while Bank of America said trading revenue in the second quarter was on track to be 10-12 percent lower than last year. Measures of market volatility are at rock-bottom, hitting trading desks at big banks. The U.S. stock market's main gauge of investor anxiety closed at its lowest level in over two decades on May 8. "There is a choppy sideways market due to the fact that fundamentals are largely unchanged and expectations of market friendly policies in the U.S. are being pushed to 2018," said Stephen Wood, chief market strategist, North America, Russell Investments. Financials, which have largely outperformed the broader market on bets of fiscal stimulus and simpler banking regulations under President Donald Trump, are on track to decline 0.7 percent so far this year. JPMorgan was down 2 percent on Wednesday. Goldman Sachs fell 3 percent and was the biggest drag on the Dow. Bank of America was down 2.5 percent. Adding to the pressure, oil prices fell as rising Libyan production fueled concerns that OPEC-led output cuts are being undermined by several countries that are excluded from the deal. "With oil also down, the thoughts of an economic slowdown start to come up in people's minds and has created a pause in the market euphoria," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital in Bernardville, New Jersey. Seven of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the financial index's 1.13 percent fall leading the decliners. At 12:31 a.m. ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 30.8 points, or 0.15 percent, at 20,998.67, the S&P 500 was down 5.1 points, or 0.21 percent, at 2,407.81 and the Nasdaq Composite index was down 16.44 points, or 0.26 percent, at 6,186.75. Shares of Michael Kors fell 9.9 percent to $32.69 after the luxury fashion retailer gave a bleak full-year forecast and said it would shut more than 100 full-price retail stores in the next two years. Mallinckrodt was down 1.4 percent at $43.04, after sources said the drugmaker is exploring a sale of its generic drug unit, in a deal that could fetch as much as $2 billion. Analog Devices rose 2.5 percent to $86.91 after the chipmaker's quarterly results came in above expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,706 to 1,122, for a 1.52-to-1 ratio on the downside. On the Nasdaq, 1,678 issues fell and 1,057 advanced for a 1.59-to-1 ratio favoring decliners. The S&P 500 index showed 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Business India loses fastest growing economy tag after sharp growth slowdown Business DNA Money Edit: GDP growth slowdown unlikely to spill over to 2017-18 Business Are we an ethically deficient nation? Business Airport operators oppose cap on revenue share of ISPs Personal Finance Save tax on investments with equity arbitrage funds Business Skills that can save your job Live Cricket Score England vs Bangladesh Thu, 1 June 2017, 03:00 PM IST Related Liquidity slosh, not rate cut, on RBI's mind Rupee jumps 37 paise to fresh 17-month high Corporate credit demand may stay muted Zee Biz Originals View all Debt continues to be key constraint for India, Moody's says World No Tobacco Day 2017: 19% quit smoking because of rising costs India loses fastest growing economy tag after sharp growth slowdown India's GDP growth in the fourth quarter drops to 6.1%; clocked 8% in 2015-16 Video Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma WATCH: Priyanka Chopra PROPOSES to Tupac, BEATS up a clown, does the Baywatch run and more.... View all Tags Bank of America Donald Trump Analog Devices Goldman Sachs Mallinckrodt Michael Kors New Jersey North America Russell Investments S&P U. S. Andre Bakhos Dow Jones Industrial Average NYSE Nasdaq Composite Stephen Wood SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News From no-hoper to crowd-puller, British Labour leader Corbyn gains ground BJP lauds Army, says India won't tolerate any terrorist activity UPSC results indicate emergence of women power Centre China limits exports of heavy dredgers over security concerns Fire 'largely put out', scrutiny on to bring down building Sport Indian women's hockey team heads to Shillaroo for national camp Soccer-Ibrahimovic to talk with United, consider rival offers - agent Cricket-Captain Morgan will not rob Roy of England opening spot Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Thursday, June 1 Ramchandra Guha resigns from BCCI's Committee of Administrators Entertainment Kapoor khandaan's OBSESSION with number '8' REVEALED! Patty Jenkins talks 'Thor 2' exit and when films disservice women It was difficult: Gulshan Grover on shooting bold scenes with Katrina Kaif in Boom! Anil Kapoor to play father to beta Harshvardhan in Abhinav Bindra biopic? Michelle Williams joins Amy Schumer in 'I Feel Pretty' Money Reform measures to broaden tax base, cut debt: Moody's C'garh targets 48 lakh ha acreage in kharif season Cardamom futures remain up, gain 3.72 pc on spot demand Govt trying to divert attention from GDP failure: Rahul 'Axis of love': Saudi-Russia detente heralds new oil order Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St falls as bank stocks skid, oil dips By Reuters Published: 13:14 EDT, 31 May 2017 | Updated: 13:14 EDT, 31 May 2017 e-mail By Sweta Singh and Tanya Agrawal May 31 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were down on Wednesday as financials tumbled after JPMorgan and Bank of America hinted at revenue weakness in the current quarter and oil prices fell to a three-week low. JPMorgan blamed lower volatility for the decline in trading revenue, while Bank of America said trading revenue in the second quarter was on track to be 10-12 percent lower than last year. Measures of market volatility are at rock-bottom, hitting trading desks at big banks. The U.S. stock market's main gauge of investor anxiety closed at its lowest level in over two decades on May 8. "There is a choppy sideways market due to the fact that fundamentals are largely unchanged and expectations of market friendly policies in the U.S. are being pushed to 2018," said Stephen Wood, chief market strategist, North America, Russell Investments. Financials, which have largely outperformed the broader market on bets of fiscal stimulus and simpler banking regulations under President Donald Trump, are on track to decline 0.7 percent so far this year. JPMorgan was down 2 percent on Wednesday. Goldman Sachs fell 3 percent and was the biggest drag on the Dow. Bank of America was down 2.5 percent. Adding to the pressure, oil prices fell as rising Libyan production fueled concerns that OPEC-led output cuts are being undermined by several countries that are excluded from the deal. "With oil also down, the thoughts of an economic slowdown start to come up in people's minds and has created a pause in the market euphoria," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital in Bernardville, New Jersey. Seven of the 11 major S&amp;P sectors were lower, with the financial index's 1.13 percent fall leading the decliners. At 12:31 a.m. ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 30.8 points, or 0.15 percent, at 20,998.67, the S&amp;P 500 was down 5.1 points, or 0.21 percent, at 2,407.81 and the Nasdaq Composite index was down 16.44 points, or 0.26 percent, at 6,186.75. Shares of Michael Kors fell 9.9 percent to $32.69 after the luxury fashion retailer gave a bleak full-year forecast and said it would shut more than 100 full-price retail stores in the next two years. Mallinckrodt was down 1.4 percent at $43.04, after sources said the drugmaker is exploring a sale of its generic drug unit, in a deal that could fetch as much as $2 billion. Analog Devices rose 2.5 percent to $86.91 after the chipmaker's quarterly results came in above expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,706 to 1,122, for a 1.52-to-1 ratio on the downside. On the Nasdaq, 1,678 issues fell and 1,057 advanced for a 1.59-to-1 ratio favoring decliners. The S&amp;P 500 index showed 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows. (Reporting by Sweta Singh; Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS What a handful! Cheeky Travis Scott gets a firm grip on Kylie Jenner's derriere during PDA-heavy outing in Los Angeles She can be a handful Geri Horner sizzles in red figure-hugging cocktail dress as she puts on an affectionate display with husband Christian at End The Silence charity bash All of me! Topless Chrissy Teigen guards her modesty as she shows off her fresh spray tan on Snapchat Shared a naked picture on social media Braless Amanda Holden nearly bares all in dress with high split for BGT semi-finals... after vowing to spark 'Ofcom complaints' with her racy ensembles  'I used to have full-scale meltdowns in bathing suit shops': Ariel Winter reveals breast augmentation gave her confidence to sizzle in swimwear 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  So nice she wore them twice! Pippa Middleton dons the same $200 espadrilles she wore to lunch on Wednesday - as she exits Sydney with a smile  Hello boys! Love Island beauties Jess Shears, Camilla Thurlow and Chloe Crowhurst flaunt their figures in skimpy bikinis for sizzling shoot ahead of show's return 'That's insane!' Kendall Jenner bangs on table as family reacts to Caitlyn's memoir... and Kim Kardashian admits to reading the whole thing Emily Ratajkowski poses NUDE as her friend shares cheeky throwback snap of the actress flaunting her peachy derriere Stripped off  'Are you sure that's a bruise?': Jesy Nelson is accused of photoshopping her pics as fans question mysterious black mark on her stomach  'He taught me how to be a dad': Peter Andre praises former stepson Harvey Price... after ex-wife Katie claimed he 'no longer sees' the teenager Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her taut midriff as she takes daughter Penelope to paint class... while ex Scott Disick is spotted with EIGHTH woman No more beef! Bella Thorne grabs a greasy biteto eat...after shrugging off humiliating trip with sex addict Scott Disick She's moving on Simon Cowell rolls his eyes as Ned Woodman, 9, makes the BGT final... after child comic dubbed judges 'desperate losers' and called Amanda Holden a DOG 'You sexist pig!' Simon Cowell is deemed 'anti-feminist' by BGT viewers as he tells female magician Josephine he likes her LEGS but not her act Sushi date! Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid enjoy a relaxed dinner together at their favorite restaurant Nobu in NYC Best friends reunited in the city Too much Cigarettes and Alcohol? Comeback kid Liam Gallagher sidesteps VERY excited female fan... as he rules out Oasis reunion at Manchester benefit gig New direction? Kesha steps out for lunch as it's revealed Eagles Of Death Metal cut two tracks with her for her third album Casual 'She didn't want any spoilers': Justin Theroux says wife Jennifer Aniston won't 'run lines with me' for The Leftovers because she's a fan 'She will beat this': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi says star, 68, will use cannabis oil following second breast cancer diagnosis 'Some of my fave people!' Kim Kardashian shares heartwarming photo of baby Saint and grandma Mary Jo on Instagram Happy families David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their bid to overturn a £700million tax bill after investing in controversial film schemes Ellie Goulding dazzles in a striking sequinned black gown before changing into glittering gold frock at London charity bash Glittering Smitten Richard Gere, 67, can't keep his hands off girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 34, at premiere of his new film Norman in Madrid... after tactile display with blonde Amanda Holden has been wearing 'nipple covers' for Britain's Got Talent live shows as her assets continue to steal the limelight Focal point  Bell bottom beauty! Amanda Peet goes casual in white sweater and VERY wide black flares at Brockmire event in LA Stepped out to lobby  Smooth sailing! Lindsey Vonn sizzles in red bikini as she enjoys yacht time with boyfriend Kenan Smith during yacht time in Monaco Shocking video of Tiger Woods during his DUI arrest shows the beleaguered barefoot golfer swaying, rolling his eyes and slurring his words in sobriety tests  Revenge is a dish best served in lingerie! Ashley Graham flaunts her incredible figure for racy selfie... after revealing she was bullied at school Upstaged by his own beard! Scruffy Jim Carrey is wild and bushy at LA premiere of his Showtime comedy I'm Dying Up Here Scruffy appearance 'I was resigned to dying': Fern Britton was left 'fighting for her life' after contracting sepsis following routine hysterectomy Health scare 'What's wrong with your leg?' Ant McPartlin sparks concern after fans spot presenter sporting brace... after he appeared to have difficulty walking on BGT X-rated fun! Kendall Jenner films Cara Delevingne jumping around on inflatable breasts at the Museum of Sex in New York City Freeing the nipple 'I thought he was joking!' Katie Derham reveals her husband John proposed on the first night they met... but she mistook him for a BOUNCER Jim Carrey set to face trial over the fatal overdose of his ex-girlfriend after wrongful death lawsuit alleged he supplied the drugs that killed her 'They're just milking that cow for money!' Kirsten Dunst slams new Spider Man reboot... as she reveals 'it's time to have babies and chill' in candid interview Oopsy Daisy! Former Strictly contestant Lowe appears to have two left feet as she takes an embarrassing tumble after attending pal Alexa Chung's fashion party Taylor Swift scores early legal victory over DJ she claims grabbed her rear... but must face jury trial over allegation she had him fired Sweet charity! Jerry and Jessica Seinfeld take the kids to a philanthropic party in New York's Central Park Jerry stepped out for a good cause Not Di-sick of partying yet? Scott cosies up to woman number EIGHT as he boards a private jet after raucous week in Cannes with a bevy of beauties Fighting to survive: Idris Elba and Kate Winslet are lost in the wilderness in new trailer for The Mountain Between Us Oscar-winner Winslet Phwoar-saw! Joanna Krupa flashes serious underboob as she attends fashion show in native Poland Special appearance Johnny Depp was kept in the dark about his finances and his sister used his money, claims whistleblower who worked for his former business managers Michelle Williams to star alongside Amy Schumer in upcoming comedy I Feel Pretty Michelle is best known for her serious acting work Keeping under wraps! Erin McNaught covers up after stripping off and stunning fans with her incredibly toned pregnancy figure at 24 weeks Rapper and former Justin Bieber sidekick Lil Twist is ordered to pay $1.5million to former child star Chris Massey following assault Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst DENIES dumping Jon Clark to appear on the dating show... after TOWIE star branded her an 'evil b***h' Hedging your bets? The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell has yet to return her fiance Ben Higgins' ring after calling off engagement  The ring should go back Lunch to go! Lisa Rinna steps out makeup-free in grey sweater as she picks up food from Hollywood eatery Trendy slippers Tough session! Shirtless Justin Bieber steps out of boxing gym... and into the dentist after chipping a tooth Not what he expected Chloe Grace Moretz cuddles up to her pet pooch Pearl... as she stands up against 'fat-shaming' trailer for her new animated film Keeping good company EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Potty-mouth chef Gordon Ramsay claims the Queen uses the same fruity language that he favours The Moore the merrier! Mandy shows off assets in clinging white top as she mingles with fans at TV show taping Former princess of pop turned actress The Clooneys' countdown to TWINMAGEDDON: How George and Amal are preparing for double trouble (as they babies' arrival gets ever closer) New parents Storm and Ronan Keating enjoy a night off nappy duties as they pucker up on the red carpet at End The Silence charity bash Joint appearance 'I am just as appalled and angry as everyone else': Chloe Moretz apologizes for body shaming ad for her new animated film Upcoming animated film 'Someone bring us cake!' Pregnant Ferne McCann opens up about food cravings... after asking mind reader to predict baby's sex on Britain's Got Talent 'Together again!'  Bionic Woman Lindsay Wagner and Six Million Dollar Man Lee Majors reunite on set of family-friendly movie Reunited Back to his Becks! David Beckham smoulders in new watch campaign as he makes return to modelling following maligned King Arthur film cameo 'We love living together': Ariel Winter, 19, hits back at critics who say her boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, is too old for her Love has no age Bumping along! Orange Is The New Black actor Jason Biggs and pregnant wife Jenny Mollen enjoy sunny stroll in Manhattan Shopping spree Iron hug! Arnold Schwarzenegger gives his handsome son Patrick an affectionate squeeze in Beverly Hills Still honoring the veterans days  'I'm ruthless': Gwyneth Paltrow says she's 'milked the f*** out of every opportunity' as she talks divorce, aging and movie burn out Determined Make-up free Lily Collins flashes a glimpse of her gym-honed physique in tight leggings with sheer panels as she hits the gym  That was close! Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman suffer awkward 'near miss' when they're both booked to appear James Corden's late night talk show Winter wonderland? Mila Kunis shoots snow filled scene for A Bad Mom's Christmas... during sweltering Atlanta weather On set Vogue Williams flashes her tanned curves in bright neon bikini on the beach in Marbella... as she admits she's pining for beau Spencer Matthews Jenna Dewan celebrates hit ratings for World of Dance premiere over breakfast with hunky husband Channing Tatum Date  Leggy Lucy Watson is towered over by Ianthe Rose at Wonder Woman screening in London... after premiere was cancelled following Manchester attack Red hot! Gigi Hadid keeps it casual cool in crimson top and matching shades while out in New York Laid-back supermodel style Rude Boy! Rihanna steps out at celebrity hot spot Nobu after being fat-shamed by sports writer  Star kept a low profile following incident 'I hope it's not weird': Love Island newbie Camilla Thurlow reveals she's 'excited' to meet host Caroline Flack as they've BOTH been linked to Prince Harry FIRST LOOK: Jessica Biel is covered in blood after 'an inexplicable fit of rage' while at the beach with her family in stills from upcoming series The Sinner Red hot mama! Brazilian bombshell Alessandra Ambrosio looks like a 10 in her flattering red swimsuit as she struts her stuff in Malibu Supercalifragilistic showman! James Corden dons drag as he recreates classic scenes from Mary Poppins on the streets of London  FIRST LOOK: Big Brother 2017's VERY chintzy house is unveiled as fans count down to 'extremely revealing' new series  Sneak peek Andrew Garfield dons a curly wig and performs a BACKFLIP as he lip syncs to Whitney Houston in hilarious clip  Centre stage Gabourey gone wild! Sidibe has the time of her life while zooming around on jet ski on luxury yacht vacation in Barbados Living it up Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez flaunts her leggy figure in perilously short hot pants and heels as they enjoy a shopping trip in Madrid 'Dungeon and torture chamber': Bethenny Frankel bursts into tears twice on RHONY under stress from ex Reality star lost it on two occasions 'Life on the ocean waves': Corrie's Samia Longchambon flaunts her slim figure in a swimsuit as she holidays with skating pro husband Sylvain 'I want her to be named after me': Pregnant Serena Williams shows off her baby bump as sister Venus confirms she is expecting a girl at the French Open Bumping along in a bikini! The Hills veteran Lauren Conrad shows off heavily pregnant tummy while promoting swimwear line Baby joy Coronation Street's Ben Price says emotional goodbye to on-screen arch nemesis Peter Barlow after filming his final scenes as Nick Tilsley Newlyweds Pippa and James continue second leg of their honeymoon with a romantic date night - hours after they scaled the Sydney Harbour Bridge  Stella Maxwell and girlfriend Kristen Stewart dangerously hang out of a car window as they go to extreme lengths to get the perfect photo  'She was so shaken up': Former Fifth Harmony singer Camila Cabello 'had no words' when she spoke to Ariana Grande following Manchester attack Donna Air looks the picture of elegance as she stuns in a ruffled silk halterneck gown at star-studded Golden Gala in London Leading the glamour Chris Martin enjoys boys' time with son Moses, 11, in Disneyland ahead of Coldplay's set at Manchester attack benefit concert Tangerine dream! Zilda Williams strips down to a tiny string bikini after revealing her DDs have BALLOONED in size to an E-cup and are now 'too big' Jennifer Garner disowns People magazine cover she didn't agree to as she denies reports she's scared to date after Ben Affleck divorce filing Their secret weapon! New Game Of Thrones shots with Stark family might have accidentally revealed massive season seven spoiler Spoiler EXCLUSIVE: If looks could kill! Tori Spelling shows up nearly an hour late to stepson's high school graduation and gets the stink eye by Dean McDermott's ex She wore an itsy bitsy teeny tiny bikini! Shanina Shaik sizzles as she shows off her cleavage in sexy swimwear for NEXT Pin-up Ewan McGregor's Fargo accent is part Abba, part Deputy Dawg: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV Channel 4's Fargo  Children of Hollywood: Chanel muse Lily-Rose Depp, Sistine Stallone and Willow Smith lead the glamour at 2017 Métiers D'art runway show in Tokyo 'My dad tracks my phone once a day': Sofia Richie reveals Lionel keeps tabs on her as she's seen without 'homie' Scott Disick after romance rumours Sweet Harmony! Former girl group member Camila Cabello puts on a busty display in sexy photo shoot for Guess Centre stage 'All I felt was rage': Comedy Central's Trevor Noah recalls horror of hearing his mother was shot by stepfather The Daily Show host EXCLUSIVE: She's a knockout - and has brains too! Daughter of Rocky star Sylvester Stallone graduates cum laude from $15,000-a-year high school  Cream of the crop! Former TOWIE star Jasmin Walia puts on a leggy display in shimmering nude mini dress and perspex heels in Ibiza Megan McKenna dons a strapless bra in sultry behind-the-scenes snap at photoshoot... as it's claimed her ex Jordan Davies is set 'explosive' appearance on CBB 'Where are the women of colour?' Alexa Chung fans blast an Instagram snap of her debut fashion show for lack of diversity Debut fashion show  Blac Chyna steps out in shirt bearing her own portrait... amid claims ex Rob Kardashian is now dating lookalike Meghan James Self promotion 'My cat could have written it in 10 minutes!': Noel Gallagher blasts Harry Styles' solo single as he claims Simon Cowell has 'ruined' the pop industry Grey's Anatomy favourite Ellen Pompeo shows off stylish 'modern barn' Hamptons retreat for Architectural Digest Beautiful home  Sean Connery takes a stroll around NYC with his wife Micheline Roquebrune... as he steps out for first time since ex co-star Molly Peters passed away 'They were shaken': Jonas Brothers patriarch reveals colon cancer battle and details the reaction of his famous sons Health woes  'What a time to reunite!' Fans go wild with speculation feuding Liam and Noel Gallagher will reform Oasis for Manchester benefit concert this weekend Producer Harvey Weinstein rushed by Cannes cops after he walks right past security checkpoints at AmFAR Sidestepped security checkpoints Trying to start a trend? Drew Barrymore again steps out in bizarre orange sunglasses that look borrowed from Star Wars wardrobe department Move over, Dakota! Johnson's little sister Stella Banderas shows off her bikini body during trip to Italy to take in the Gucci fashion show Stealing the show 'So sorry to people behind!' Ashley James sizzles in racy pink swimsuit during Marbella break... but apologises for racy THONG cut Swanky outfit! Hilary wears look from her new Mission Statement brand as she talks up the range for women-on-the-go Leggy look Fearne Cotton nails colour blocking chic in vibrant purple sweater and mismatched red flares as she arrives at BBC Radio studios Bright 'She still says Ben was the love of her life': Jennifer Garner is 'NOT dating yet'... even though Affleck moved out of their mansion a month ago New squeeze? Ex On The Beach's Charlotte Dawson passionately kisses mystery man in Manchester... three months after Matt Sarsfield split  Sports writer slammed for calling Rihanna 'FAT' and claiming her 'tough to stomach' look will set a 'dangerous precedent' - years after joking about her being beaten She's high on endorphins! Reese Witherspoon can't wipe the smile off her face after a tough yoga session Beaming In full bloom! Pregnant Princess Sofia of Sweden displays her baby bump for the first time in a vivid pink dress Glowing Keeping up with Kanye! Kendall Jenner signs on as the face of sportswear giant Adidas Originals Fronting the brand's new campaign Shame-less of her to go around! Tina Malone flaunts slender physique in barely-there bikini as she preens and pouts poolside in Cyprus  Showing weight loss The dapper Duke! Prince Philip looks smart in a straw boater as he throws a reception to celebrate London Youth's 130th anniversary Debbie Douglas reveals she is quitting TOWIE along with daughter Lydia Bright... but insists her decision has 'no link at all' to James Argent's return 'We're old school': Nicole Kidman reveals Keith Urban and her never text... as she shows off her lithe legs for InStyle cover shoot Old fashioned romance Throwing shade! Bikini-clad Bella Hadid parties on Lewis Hamilton's yacht with fashionista Sophie Hermann and Winnie Harlow in Monte Carlo Pretty in sparkly pink! Elle Fanning wears a cardigan embellished with blingy rhinestones for shopping trip in Los Angeles  Fresh from Cannes Keeping him young at heart! Bruce Willis, 62, enjoys picnic with wife Emma, 38, and little daughters in Central Park Doting dad Bachelorette contestant Michael Nance 'died of overdose at sober living home,' claims former reality TV co-star On show in 2012 Ring-Ring a ding dong! Joanna Krupa shows off her lithe limbs as she poses with kitschy telephones and colourful ice-creams in Candyland pin-up shoot Rebel Wilson's sister is so convinced she's related to Walt Disney she almost named her daughter after him - as the actress wheels her family out in court  Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her beautiful bump in a nude lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys relaxing baby-moon in Thailand In Koh Samui That's a quick change! Ellie Goulding displays her hourglass curves in TWO waist-cinching ensembles as she steps out in style for radio appearance 'I didn't believe I would have healthy, positive relationships': Jamie Foxx's daughter Corrine details her struggle with anxiety that started when she was  14 'We changed it to Mysterious Girl': Peter Andre recalls how hit pop song was once called Mysterious Man  90s classic could have been very different 'I see definition and muscles': Confident Vicky Pattison is pleased as punch as she poses in a very skimpy bikini after three day juicing detox 'If anyone wants me...' Former Emmerdale and Hollyoaks actress Sheree Murphy pleads for a job on another soap during live TV interview Heidi Klum catches the eye in breezy kaftan summer dress as she tucks into an ice-cream during picturesque Greek getaway Sunshine break Style in black and white! Karlie Kloss wears a simply chic look as she embraces a post-Memorial Day sanctioned shade  Understated ensemble Jessie Wallace dresses down in her gym gear as she takes her dog for a walk... after ratings for her EastEnders spin-off Redwater 'drop by 2m' Texting an apology? Solo Ruby Rose checks her phone in Beverly Hills days after admitting she REGRETS mocking Katy Perry's 'Taylor Swift diss track' 'I can't believe how responsible I am!': Pink says she loves her family life with husband of 11 years Carey Hart... after they survived TWO splits Glamorous Kelly Rohrbach displays her svelte model figure in striking one-shouldered jumpsuit as she steps out for dinner in Berlin  Striking beauty Enjoying that, Mr Scoff-ield? TV host Phillip chows down on a burger during family holiday in LA with wife Stephanie and daughters Molly and Ruby 'Every tantalising thread was snipped': The Americans season finale receives solid yet underwhelming reviews... as FX series gears up for last chapter Hardly under cover! Bianca Gascoigne almost spills out of her skimpy camouflage print bikini as she splashes around in the pool in Ibiza 'I used to watch him do tricks': BGT finalist Issy Simpson, 8, hits back at fix claims as she reveals magician grandfather and Harry Potter inspired routine Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning figure in barely-there yellow bikini as she hits the shores with husband Wayne and their sons during Barbados break  If I Was Your (Cow)boyfriend! Justin Bieber looks delighted with his bizarre choice of outfit as he struts around NYC in stetson and bold gold jacket BGT makes way for Manchester: ITV's Britain's Got Talent final MOVED from Sunday to Saturday night to ensure Ariana Grande's benefit gig is not overshadowed Orlando Bloom's proud mother 'sends copies of her actor son's CV' to newspapers detailing his 'meteoric rise to fame' and stellar reviews Chloe Madeley flaunts pert posterior and taut abs as she slips into bra and knickers for raunchy Instagram snaps She's worked hard EXCLUSIVE: Kardashians score another victory in battle over scrapped beauty line - as appeal from company using their likeness is tossed out 'He was just such an inspiring performer': Dev Patel's girlfriend Tilda Cobham-Hervey, 22, gushes over late actor Heath Ledger  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The cheek of it! Jamie Laing cops a feel of his bikini-clad girlfriend Frankie Gaff's derriere as they join their co-stars on a lavish yacht  Size 22 Tess Holliday bashes a Snow White poster that labels a short, curvy version of the princess 'less beautiful' than the VERY svelte original  He's Scott the dollars! An unusually shy Kylie Jenner flaunts her slim waist in sexy low-slung jeans as boyfriend Travis carries huge wad of cash on date Princess Mary has a Princess Diana moment as her white trousers turn see-through in the sunlight as she steps out in Stockholm Oops moment The beaming Queen! Monarch is all smiles as she dons turquoise outfit and displays a chic new hairstyle at a luncheon in London  Fresh new crop 'I was a disaster of a boyfriend!' Keri Russell and Scott Speedman dish on their past relationship and reveal whether there will be a Felicity reunion Making a splash Down Under! Pippa and new hubby James Matthews climb into a water taxi in Sydney as they take honeymoon to Australia after private island trip Mini magician Issy Simpson, 8, soars through to BGT final amid 'fix' claims as she receives the most votes... after Alesha nearly RUINED her trick Top family! Richard Hammond enjoys a night out with wife Amanda and daughters Isabella and Willow during a break from The Grand Tour 'I'm greedy and fat...but I'm not insane': Dame Judi Dench appears as stubborn Queen Victoria in the trailer for upcoming biographical drama Victoria & Abdul 'Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry sports perilously short mini during filming... after viewers BLAST her 'vile drunken sex antics' in alarming new scenes 'I wish it was you that was dead and not mum': Jeff Brazier reveals 'worst thing' his sons have said to him as they deal with their mother Jade Goody's death TOWIE's Amber Turner shows off sensationally slender figure in glitzy peach bikini as she hits the beach in Marbella  Hit the sun-soaked beach with a pal Michael Jackson's ex-wife Debbie Rowe accidentally BURNS DOWN her friend's cottage in Vermont after helping her with some DIY What a blooming delight! 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford carries bouquet of flowers and gifts as she hugs fans at Sydney airport We'll take a paw-dicure: Paris Hilton takes her very well-dressed pooch to the salon as she steps out wearing colourful maxi dress  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson looks worse for wear in thigh-grazing dress for filming in Newcastle... hours after she flashed her bare breasts on TV 'There was no competition': Zac Efron says there was no rivalry with The Rock when it came to working out for Baywatch... after the movie FLOPS Smoking hot! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray flaunts her busty cleavage in sheer bikini bra as she poses with a morning cigarette  Busty display Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence dresses down as she steps out in Beverly Hills... after defending herself over THAT pole dancing routine 'She's irrelevant to everyone's lives': Love Island's Olivia Buckland and fiancé Alex Bowen cruelly take aim at Malin Andersson... as she brands couple 'bullies' Mel B ends rift with her mother Andrea as they pose for family photo... after the duo make amends after Spice Girl's split from husband Stephen Belafonte Beaming beauty! Delta Goodrem flashes taut torso in daring cut-out dress as she attends The Voice Australia live shows launch party in Sydney 'I guess we're good actors': Wonder Woman stars Gal Gadot and Chris Pine discuss their on-screen chemistry and THAT nude scene They play love interests  Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde slips into a skimpy bikini for Cape Verde beach day after revealing she's been body shamed for her 'too small' baby bump Going for breakfast at Tiffany's? Myleene Klass channels Audrey Hepburn in monochrome shift dress and yellow heels as she heads to work Nicola Peltz flashes her bra in sheer sweater as she enjoys cosy date night with model boyfriend Anwar Hadid Transformers actress put on a racy display  Feeling nippy? Supermodel Shanina Shaik goes BRALESS as she flaunts cleavage in low-cut black leotard Former Victoria's Secret model  'I was treated like a freak': Former Strictly judge Arlene Phillips was told she wouldn't be able to bond with her daughter after giving birth aged 47 Rochelle Humes is left red-faced AGAIN and has to apologise for a second day running as Jordana Brewster swears live on breakfast TV Summer starts here! Bikini-clad Abbey Clancy flashes her pert bottom as she takes a well earned break after completing work on Britain's Next Top Model Look away Dolph! Muscleman's model daughter Ida Lundgren goes TOPLESS in nothing but bikini briefs for sultry snap on the beach Censoring herself! Kylie Jenner places emojis over her sheer bra as she promotes lip kit on Snapchat Maintained her modesty with stars 'I get to press the scary buzzer!' Simon Cowell's mini-me son Eric, 3, steals the show on America's Got Talent as he takes his father's place on judging panel How does she do it? Pregnant Erin McNaught STRIPS DOWN to her underwear as she shows off bare baby bump and enviably toned frame at 24 weeks 'It's my dream come true': Alanis Morissette's Jagged Little Pill album is set to be turned into a musical It's more than 20 years old Coleen Rooney highlights her svelte frame in a plunging cream beach dress as she joins husband Wayne and their sons for Barbados beach day 'If I could take back decisions I made': Geordie Shore's Zahida Allen pens heartfelt apology to beau Sean Pratt in lengthy open letter on social media SPOILER ALERT: Violence between Beth and Nathan, Daniel threatens to kill himself and Nick gets caught in QUICKSAND as Corrie's late nights take a turn Olivia Newton-John, 68, reveals breast cancer has returned and spread to her back 25 years after she was first diagnosed  Cancelled tour 'People will sell their mum to get on Love Island!' Reality stars throw support behind TOWIE's Jon Clark after Chloe Crowhurst RUNS AWAY for the show That holiday glow! Lara Bingle looks radiant in all black ensemble as she returns from luxury vacation in Turks and Caicos Sydney airport  Kate goes gaga for Superga! The Duchess of Cambridge can't get enough of her £50 trainers (and sales of the shoes have DOUBLED) Kaya Scodelario sparks controversy after revealing a monkey would 'projectile vomit all the time' on set of Pirates Of Caribbean 'Hello, young lady!' Lionel Richie FaceTimes daughter Sofia while she cavorts around France with 'sex addict' pal Scott Disick  New companion EXCLUSIVE: Things are looking up for Chelsea Manning as she gets her eyes tested in NYC after trading military prison for the high life in the Big Apple Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Markets Wall Street flat as oil offsets gains in tech, healthcare Business Standard Wall Street falls as bank stocks weigh As financial stocks fell after JPMorgan and BofA hinted at revenue weakness in the current quarter Reuters  May 31, 2017 Last Updated at 21:40 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVqURr A souvenir license plate is seen outside the New York Stock Exchange in Manhattan, New York. (Photo: Reuters) ALSO READ Tech, bank stocks drive Wall Street to new high Wall Street little changed ahead of Federal Reserve minutes Wall Street slips as US Federal Reserve holds on rates; financials rise Bank, tech stocks weigh down Wall Street; investors eye Trump-Xi meet Wall Street opens lower as energy, finance stocks weigh US stocks were down on Wednesday as financial stocks fell after JPMorgan and Bank of America hinted at revenue weakness in the current quarter. JPMorgan Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said the decline stemmed from lower volatility compared with a year ago when the United Kingdom was preparing to vote on Brexit. Bank of America Chief Executive Brian Moynihan said second-quarter earnings would be hurt by a drop in trading revenue, lower-than-expected interest rates and the sale or shuttering of certain assets. "There is a choppy sideways market due to the fact that fundamentals are largely unchanged and expectations of market friendly policies in the US are being pushed to 2018," said Stephen Wood, chief market strategist, North America, Russell Investments. Seven of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the financial index's 1.3% fall leading the decliners. Financials, which have largely outperformed the broader market on bets of fiscal stimulus and simpler banking regulations under President Trump, are on track to decline 0.7% so far this year. JPMorgan was down 2% on Wednesday. Goldman Sachs fell 3% and was the biggest drag on the Dow. Bank of America was down 2.2%. At 10:40 am EDT, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 46.17 points, or 0.22%, at 20,983.3, the S&P 500 was down 5.15 points, or 0.21%, at 2,407.76 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 27.40 points, or 0.44%, at 6,175.79. The Federal Reserve issues its Beige Book at 2 pm ET (1800 GMT), a compendium of anecdotes on the health of the economy, that will likely provide further evidence that the economy continues to strengthen giving the Federal Reserve impetus to raise rate next month. Traders currently see an 86.6% chance of a quarter-point rate hike at the Fed's June meeting, according to Thomson Reuters data. Shares of Michael Kors fell 9.4% to $32.88 after the luxury fashion retailer gave a bleak full-year forecast and said it would shut more than 100 full-price retail stores in the next two years. Mallinckrodt was down 1.1% at $43.12, after sources said the drugmaker is exploring a sale of its generic drug unit, in a deal that could fetch as much as $2 billion. Analog Devices rose 3.9% to $88.06 after the chipmaker's quarterly results came in above expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,816 to 928, for a 1.96-to-1 ratio on the downside. On the Nasdaq, 1,842 issues fell and 771 advanced for a 2.39-to-1 ratio favoring decliners. The S&P 500 index showed 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows. Read More On Wall Street | Bank | Stocks | Federal Reserve | Bank Of America | International | Markets PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Wall Street falls as bank stocks weigh As financial stocks fell after JPMorgan and BofA hinted at revenue weakness in the current quarter As financial stocks fell after JPMorgan and BofA hinted at revenue weakness in the current quarter US stocks were down on Wednesday as financial stocks fell after JPMorgan and Bank of America hinted at revenue weakness in the current quarter. JPMorgan Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said the decline stemmed from lower volatility compared with a year ago when the United Kingdom was preparing to vote on Brexit. Bank of America Chief Executive Brian Moynihan said second-quarter earnings would be hurt by a drop in trading revenue, lower-than-expected interest rates and the sale or shuttering of certain assets. "There is a choppy sideways market due to the fact that fundamentals are largely unchanged and expectations of market friendly policies in the US are being pushed to 2018," said Stephen Wood, chief market strategist, North America, Russell Investments. Seven of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the financial index's 1.3% fall leading the decliners. Financials, which have largely outperformed the broader market on bets of fiscal stimulus and simpler banking regulations under President Trump, are on track to decline 0.7% so far this year. JPMorgan was down 2% on Wednesday. Goldman Sachs fell 3% and was the biggest drag on the Dow. Bank of America was down 2.2%. At 10:40 am EDT, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 46.17 points, or 0.22%, at 20,983.3, the S&P 500 was down 5.15 points, or 0.21%, at 2,407.76 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 27.40 points, or 0.44%, at 6,175.79. The Federal Reserve issues its Beige Book at 2 pm ET (1800 GMT), a compendium of anecdotes on the health of the economy, that will likely provide further evidence that the economy continues to strengthen giving the Federal Reserve impetus to raise rate next month. Traders currently see an 86.6% chance of a quarter-point rate hike at the Fed's June meeting, according to Thomson Reuters data. Shares of Michael Kors fell 9.4% to $32.88 after the luxury fashion retailer gave a bleak full-year forecast and said it would shut more than 100 full-price retail stores in the next two years. Mallinckrodt was down 1.1% at $43.12, after sources said the drugmaker is exploring a sale of its generic drug unit, in a deal that could fetch as much as $2 billion. Analog Devices rose 3.9% to $88.06 after the chipmaker's quarterly results came in above expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,816 to 928, for a 1.96-to-1 ratio on the downside. On the Nasdaq, 1,842 issues fell and 771 advanced for a 2.39-to-1 ratio favoring decliners. The S&P 500 index showed 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wall Street falls as bank stocks weigh As financial stocks fell after JPMorgan and BofA hinted at revenue weakness in the current quarter US stocks were down on Wednesday as financial stocks fell after JPMorgan and Bank of America hinted at revenue weakness in the current quarter. JPMorgan Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said the decline stemmed from lower volatility compared with a year ago when the United Kingdom was preparing to vote on Brexit. Bank of America Chief Executive Brian Moynihan said second-quarter earnings would be hurt by a drop in trading revenue, lower-than-expected interest rates and the sale or shuttering of certain assets. "There is a choppy sideways market due to the fact that fundamentals are largely unchanged and expectations of market friendly policies in the US are being pushed to 2018," said Stephen Wood, chief market strategist, North America, Russell Investments. Seven of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the financial index's 1.3% fall leading the decliners. Financials, which have largely outperformed the broader market on bets of fiscal stimulus and simpler banking regulations under President Trump, are on track to decline 0.7% so far this year. JPMorgan was down 2% on Wednesday. Goldman Sachs fell 3% and was the biggest drag on the Dow. Bank of America was down 2.2%. At 10:40 am EDT, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 46.17 points, or 0.22%, at 20,983.3, the S&P 500 was down 5.15 points, or 0.21%, at 2,407.76 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 27.40 points, or 0.44%, at 6,175.79. The Federal Reserve issues its Beige Book at 2 pm ET (1800 GMT), a compendium of anecdotes on the health of the economy, that will likely provide further evidence that the economy continues to strengthen giving the Federal Reserve impetus to raise rate next month. Traders currently see an 86.6% chance of a quarter-point rate hike at the Fed's June meeting, according to Thomson Reuters data. Shares of Michael Kors fell 9.4% to $32.88 after the luxury fashion retailer gave a bleak full-year forecast and said it would shut more than 100 full-price retail stores in the next two years. Mallinckrodt was down 1.1% at $43.12, after sources said the drugmaker is exploring a sale of its generic drug unit, in a deal that could fetch as much as $2 billion. Analog Devices rose 3.9% to $88.06 after the chipmaker's quarterly results came in above expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,816 to 928, for a 1.96-to-1 ratio on the downside. On the Nasdaq, 1,842 issues fell and 771 advanced for a 2.39-to-1 ratio favoring decliners. The S&P 500 index showed 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Westlake Chemical Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Westlake Chemical Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) Given New $72.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance Tweet Westlake Chemical Co. (NYSE:WLK) had its price target upped by investment analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $70.00 to $72.00 in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. The brokerage currently has an “overweight” rating on the specialty chemicals company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective would suggest a potential upside of 17.15% from the company’s previous close. Other analysts also recently issued reports about the company. Cowen and Company upped their price objective on Westlake Chemical from $66.00 to $70.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 23rd. Bank of America Corp reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $68.00 target price on shares of Westlake Chemical in a research report on Monday, May 8th. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $75.00 target price on shares of Westlake Chemical in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Citigroup Inc dropped their target price on Westlake Chemical from $66.00 to $64.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research report on Friday, April 14th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Westlake Chemical from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 target price for the company in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, nine have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $62.45. Shares of Westlake Chemical (NYSE:WLK) traded down 0.74% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $61.46. The company had a trading volume of 768,883 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $62.90 and its 200 day moving average price is $61.67. The company has a market cap of $7.93 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.33 and a beta of 1.69. Westlake Chemical has a 52-week low of $39.48 and a 52-week high of $68.08. Westlake Chemical (NYSE:WLK) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The specialty chemicals company reported $1.26 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.80 by $0.46. Westlake Chemical had a return on equity of 13.56% and a net margin of 9.50%. The business had revenue of $1.94 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.62 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.94 EPS. Westlake Chemical’s revenue for the quarter was up 99.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Westlake Chemical will post $4.54 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 13th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, May 30th will be given a $0.1906 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 25th. This represents a $0.76 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.24%. Westlake Chemical’s dividend payout ratio is presently 24.20%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/westlake-chemical-co-wlk-receives-overweight-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other news, CFO Mark Steven Bender sold 12,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $64.32, for a total value of $771,840.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 58,243 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,746,189.76. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, VP George J. Mangieri sold 6,578 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $62.21, for a total value of $409,217.38. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now directly owns 6,577 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $409,155.17. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 71.70% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Westlake Chemical by 8.4% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,201,948 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $277,538,000 after buying an additional 326,298 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC boosted its stake in shares of Westlake Chemical by 7.5% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 2,442,430 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $161,323,000 after buying an additional 171,342 shares during the last quarter. Soroban Capital Partners LP bought a new stake in shares of Westlake Chemical during the third quarter valued at $108,193,000. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Westlake Chemical by 14,246.4% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 1,699,615 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $112,260,000 after buying an additional 1,687,768 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Shapiro Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Westlake Chemical by 29.4% in the third quarter. Shapiro Capital Management LLC now owns 1,596,937 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $85,436,000 after buying an additional 363,106 shares during the last quarter. 28.74% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Westlake Chemical Westlake Chemical Corporation is a global manufacturer and marketer of basic chemicals, vinyls, polymers and building products. The Company’s products include a range of chemicals, which are fundamental to various consumer and industrial markets, including flexible and rigid packaging, automotive products, coatings, water treatment, refrigerants, residential and commercial construction, as well as other durable and non-durable goods. Receive News & Ratings for Westlake Chemical Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Westlake Chemical Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AutoZone Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AutoZone Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Proteostasis Therapeutics Inc (PTI) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Power Solutions International Inc (PSIX) to “Buy” Territorial Bancorp Inc (TBNK) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research UniFirst Corp (UNF) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Tencent Holdings Ltd (TCEHY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Tokio Marine Holdings Inc (TKOMY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research American Superconductor Co. (AMSC) PT Set at $10.00 by Roth Capital Bunzl plc (BNZL) Downgraded by HSBC Holdings plc Zebra Technologies Corp. (ZBRA) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Rating Reiterated by Seaport Global Securities EXACT Sciences Co. (EXAS) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Vetr Inc. Upgrades Shopify Inc (US) (SHOP) to “Buy” Aixtron Se (AIXA) Given a €5.50 Price Target at Baader Bank Barclays PLC Reaffirms Buy Rating for Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Ra Pharmaceuticals’ (RARX) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Old Second Bancorp Inc. (OSBC) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Lanxess AG (LXS) Given a €69.00 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC Ashmore Group (AJMPF) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Abeona Therapeutics’ (ABEO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Traders Sell Shares of SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) on Strength on Insider Selling Prudential Financial Inc. Sells 593 Shares of AutoZone, Inc. (AZO) May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Prudential Financial Inc. cut its stake in shares of AutoZone, Inc. (NYSE:AZO) by 1.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 40,859 shares of the company’s stock after selling 593 shares during the period. Prudential Financial Inc.’s holdings in AutoZone were worth $29,544,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in AZO. State Street Corp raised its position in AutoZone by 3.1% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,256,169 shares of the company’s stock valued at $992,105,000 after buying an additional 37,540 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in AutoZone by 24.5% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 637,592 shares of the company’s stock valued at $461,012,000 after buying an additional 125,566 shares during the last quarter. Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. raised its position in AutoZone by 35.8% in the first quarter. Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. now owns 401,278 shares of the company’s stock valued at $290,144,000 after buying an additional 105,796 shares during the last quarter. Fiera Capital Corp raised its position in AutoZone by 12.0% in the fourth quarter. Fiera Capital Corp now owns 347,739 shares of the company’s stock valued at $274,641,000 after buying an additional 37,203 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Caisse DE Depot ET Placement DU Quebec raised its position in AutoZone by 198.5% in the third quarter. Caisse DE Depot ET Placement DU Quebec now owns 290,513 shares of the company’s stock valued at $223,213,000 after buying an additional 193,200 shares during the last quarter. 96.42% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. AutoZone, Inc. (AZO) traded down 1.46% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $604.00. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 265,471 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $17.01 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.95 and a beta of 0.58. AutoZone, Inc. has a 1-year low of $573.80 and a 1-year high of $819.54. The company has a 50 day moving average of $679.86 and a 200-day moving average of $735.12. AutoZone (NYSE:AZO) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 23rd. The company reported $11.44 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $12.00 by $0.56. The company had revenue of $2.62 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.70 billion. AutoZone had a negative return on equity of 69.22% and a net margin of 11.77%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $10.77 EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that AutoZone, Inc. will post $44.36 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/prudential-financial-inc-sells-593-shares-of-autozone-inc-azo.html. AZO has been the topic of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered AutoZone from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. BTIG Research reissued a “buy” rating and set a $900.00 target price on shares of AutoZone in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $812.00 target price on AutoZone and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Cleveland Research lowered AutoZone from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and set a $810.00 target price on shares of AutoZone in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating, twelve have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. AutoZone currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $814.81. In other AutoZone news, Director Earl G. Graves, Jr. sold 1,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $714.96, for a total transaction of $714,960.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 4,431 shares in the company, valued at $3,167,987.76. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Rodney C. Halsell sold 14,300 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $724.54, for a total value of $10,360,922.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 3,966 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,873,525.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 2.60% of the company’s stock. About AutoZone Autozone, Inc is a retailer and distributor of automotive replacement parts and accessories in the United States. The Company operates through the Auto Parts Locations segment. The Auto Parts Locations segment is a retailer and distributor of automotive parts and accessories. As of August 27, 2016, the Company operated through 5,814 locations in the United States, Puerto Rico, Mexico and Brazil. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AZO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for AutoZone, Inc. (NYSE:AZO). Receive News & Ratings for AutoZone Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AutoZone Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | MYT 11:36 PM Wall Street falls as bank stocks weigh At 10:40am EDT (Wednesday), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 46.17 points, or 0.22%, at 20,983.3. The Reuters photo shows traders working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. NEW YORK: US stocks were down on Wednesday as financial stocks fell after JPMorgan and Bank of America hinted at revenue weakness in the current quarter. JPMorgan chief financial officer Marianne Lake said the decline stemmed from lower volatility compared with a year ago when the United Kingdom was preparing to vote on Brexit. Bank of America chief executive Brian Moynihan said second-quarter earnings would be hurt by a drop in trading revenue, lower-than-expected interest rates and the sale or shuttering of certain assets. “There is a choppy sideways market due to the fact that fundamentals are largely unchanged and expectations of market friendly policies in the US are being pushed to 2018,” said Stephen Wood, chief market strategist, North America, Russell Investments. Seven of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the financial index’s 1.3% fall leading the decliners. Financials, which have largely outperformed the broader market on bets of fiscal stimulus and simpler banking regulations under President Trump, are on track to decline 0.7% so far this year. JPMorgan was down 2% on Wednesday. Goldman Sachs fell 3% and was the biggest drag on the Dow. Bank of America was down 2.2%. At 10:40am EDT, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 46.17 points, or 0.22%, at 20,983.3, the S&P 500 was down 5.15 points, or 0.21%, at 2,407.76 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 27.40 points, or 0.44%, at 6,175.79. The Federal Reserve issues its Beige Book at 2pm ET (1800 GMT), a compendium of anecdotes on the health of the economy, that will likely provide further evidence that the economy continues to strengthen giving the Federal Reserve impetus to raise rate next month. Traders currently see an 86.6% chance of a quarter-point rate hike at the Fed’s June meeting, according to Thomson Reuters data. Shares of Michael Kors fell 9.4% to US$32.88 after the luxury fashion retailer gave a bleak full-year forecast and said it would shut more than 100 full-price retail stores in the next two years. Mallinckrodt was down 1.1% at US$43.12, after sources said the drugmaker is exploring a sale of its generic drug unit, in a deal that could fetch as much as US$2bil. Analog Devices rose 3.9% to US$88.06 after the chipmaker’s quarterly results came in above expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,816 to 928, for a 1.96-to-1 ratio on the downside. On the Nasdaq, 1,842 issues fell and 771 advanced for a 2.39-to-1 ratio favoring decliners. The S&P 500 index showed 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows. - Reuters   Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Stocks , Wall Street Related Stories Related Stories Wall St opens slightly lower as investors digest data Wall St in holiday mode ahead of long weekend (Update 1) Wall St flat ahead of long weekend S&P, Nasdaq open at record levels after Fed minutes Wall St little changed ahead of Fed minutes You May Be Interested Mah Sing results in line with expectations Public Mutual declares RM502m distributions for 11 funds KLCI loses ground at midday 'Axis of love': Saudi-Russia detente heralds new oil order 5 ways to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Racing for a better tomorrow Others Also Read Music is like sports, says DJ Dave MMA urges ministry to review work hours of doctors Captain Morgan will not rob Roy of England opening spot Property Related advertisement Latest News Board member: BoJ will not face big long-term losses when it unwinds stimulus Australia's biggest state hikes taxes for foreign property buyers 'Axis of love': Saudi-Russia detente heralds new oil order Production falls for first time in four months Macau casinos post 10-month winning streak Most Viewed in Business MH128 returns to Melbourne after passenger tied up with seat belts Malaysia slowly winning battle against forex speculators RHB-AMMB to begin merger talks Public Mutual declares RM502m distributions for 11 funds RHB Bank, AMMB suspended as merger talks begin Why Singapore casinos can’t collect from China’s high rollers Ringgit dips early Thursday versus US dollar Uber posts US$708 mln loss, finance head leaves Macau casinos post 10-month winning streak KLCI loses ground at midday advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wall Street falls as bank stocks weigh Wednesday May 31, 2017 11:47 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Singapore tour agency Misa Travel shuts down under STB orders Envoy: Malaysian students never met Manchester suicide bomber The Edit: Fan Bingbing says may quit acting at the age of 40 The Edit: Help this man fund a ‘wizarding pub’ in London Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, May 31, 2017. — Reuters picNEW YORK, May 31 — US stocks were down today as financial stocks fell after JPMorgan and Bank of America hinted at revenue weakness in the current quarter. JPMorgan Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said the decline stemmed from lower volatility compared with a year ago when the United Kingdom was preparing to vote on Brexit. Bank of America Chief Executive Brian Moynihan said second-quarter earnings would be hurt by a drop in trading revenue, lower-than-expected interest rates and the sale or shuttering of certain assets. “There is a choppy sideways market due to the fact that fundamentals are largely unchanged and expectations of market friendly policies in the US are being pushed to 2018,” said Stephen Wood, chief market strategist, North America, Russell Investments. Seven of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the financial index’s 1.3 per cent fall leading the decliners. Financials, which have largely outperformed the broader market on bets of fiscal stimulus and simpler banking regulations under President Trump, are on track to decline 0.7 per cent so far this year. JPMorgan was down 2 per cent today. Goldman Sachs fell 3 per cent and was the biggest drag on the Dow. Bank of America was down 2.2 per cent. At 10.40am EDT, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 46.17 points, or 0.22 per cent, at 20,983.3, the S&P 500 was down 5.15 points, or 0.21 per cent, at 2,407.76 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 27.40 points, or 0.44 per cent, at 6,175.79. The Federal Reserve issues its Beige Book at 2pm ET (1800 GMT), a compendium of anecdotes on the health of the economy, that will likely provide further evidence that the economy continues to strengthen giving the Federal Reserve impetus to raise rate next month. Traders currently see an 86.6-per cent chance of a quarter-point rate hike at the Fed’s June meeting, according to Thomson Reuters data. Shares of Michael Kors fell 9.4 per cent to US$32.88 after the luxury fashion retailer gave a bleak full-year forecast and said it would shut more than 100 full-price retail stores in the next two years. Mallinckrodt was down 1.1 per cent at US$43.12, after sources said the drugmaker is exploring a sale of its generic drug unit, in a deal that could fetch as much as US$2 billion. Analog Devices rose 3.9 per cent to US$88.06 after the chipmaker’s quarterly results came in above expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,816 to 928, for a 1.96-to-1 ratio on the downside. On the Nasdaq, 1,842 issues fell and 771 advanced for a 2.39-to-1 ratio favouring decliners. The S&P 500 index showed 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week British pound in thrall to election projections as market jitters rise Malaysia slowly winning battle against forex speculators Malaysia’s manufacturing output slides after four-month rebound Asian stocks follow Wall Street's negative lead, sterling slips on election fears Uber's finance head leaves, company's quarterly loss narrows EPF investment income jumps 73.9pc to RM11.79b in 2017 first quarter Ringgit jumps on Opec, yuan at three-month high, other Asian currencies drift Meet Li Shufu, the man who dared buy Proton 1MDB probe: MAS fines Credit Suisse, UOB, seeks more trading bans (VIDEO) AirAsia's Fernandes says 'foolish' not to consider C919 (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: Russia fires missiles at Islamic State targets Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Upbeat data brings investors back after Trump slump S&P, Nasdaq hit record highs on gains in tech, consumer staples Strong jobs data boost Nasdaq; weak IBM hits Dow S&P, Nasdaq climb as banks and techs gain; IBM dents Dow US unemployment rate near 10-year low, but job creation falters Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
  Markets Pre-Market Market Movers Dow Jones Live Currencies Live Commodities Live Rates Your Portfolio Stocks Stocks Finder Market Movers Index Constituents Dividends Indices Market Movers Index Constituents Dow Jones Live S&P 500 Live NASDAQ Live Commodities News Commodities Live Gold Oil Copper Currencies News Currencies Live Currency Converter EUR/USD GBP/USD Bitcoin US Dollar Index Mutual Funds News Mutual Funds Finder Mutual Funds Issuers ETFs News ETF Finder ETF Issuers Bonds News Bonds Finder Rates News SIGN IN BUSINESS INSIDER       PORTFOLIO SEARCH Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News CANCEL S & P 500 1.33 2,413.13     (0.06%) Pre-market 03:04:05 AM EDT NASDAQ 15.18 5,803.98     (0.26%) Pre-market 03:04:02 AM EDT DJIA 9.35 21,018.00     (0.04%) Pre-market 03:04:05 AM EDT NIKKEI 225 50.00 19,680.00     (0.25%) 11:07:41 PM EDT 5/31/2017 Bank stocks are sliding following warnings a key metric is behind last year's pace (BAC, JPM) Seth Archer May. 31, 2017, 11:08 AM Markets Insider Big names in the banking sector are not having a good Wednesday. Both JPMorgan and Bank of America have seen their share prices drop in early trading on Wednesday. JPMorgan was down about 1.8% and Bank of America was down about 3.3% as of 10:40 a.m. ET. The shares started to fall Wednesday morning following comments at an investor conference from executives of both firms. Markets revenue at JPMorgan is down 15% so far in the second quarter compared to last year, CFO Marianne Lake said, according to Reuters. Lake points to lower volatility this year, compared to the tumultuous situation surrounding Brexit in 2016. She added that U.S. economic growth is "solid, not stellar," which has contributed to JPMorgan's lower revenue. Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan also said trading revenues would be lower in the second quarter compared to last year, according to Stephen Alpher of Seeking Alpha. Other banks are down as well. Goldman Sachs is down about 4%, Citigroup is down about 2.4% and Wells Fargo is down about 1.2% on Wednesday. The S&P 500 is down only 0.25%. SHARE THIS POST News for Bank of AmericaMORE Nikkei rises on upbeat Japan capex data, dollar's rise vs yen (JPM, BAC, 6502, 7751, 8005, 4911, 4666, ) Reuters 4h your MARKET VIEW Your Personalized Market Center Related Stocks BAC 22.41 -0.50 (-2.18%) 5/31/2017 Disclaimer Get real-time BAC charts here >> JPM 82.15 -1.75 (-2.09%) 5/31/2017 Disclaimer Get real-time JPM charts here >> MORE Find News GO Home / Stocks / Bank of America-Quote / News for Bank of America Bank of America / Bank stocks are sliding following warnings a key metric is behind last year's pace (BAC, JPM) Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. and finanzen.net GmbH (Imprint). All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer | Commerce Policy | Made in NYC | Stock quotes by finanzen.net Need help? Contact us! International Editions: UK | DE | AUS | ID | IN | MY | SG | PL | SE
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Wall St falls as bank stocks weigh US STOCKS-Wall St falls as bank stocks weigh Source : Last Updated: Wed, May 31, 2017 20:40 hrs * JPMorgan down on weak trading revenue estimate * Goldman top drag on Dow * BofA also warns on trading revenue, down 2.2 pct * Indexes down: Dow 0.22 pct, S&P 0.21 pct, Nasdaq 0.44 pct (Recasts, adds quote) By Tanya Agrawal and Sweta Singh May 31 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were down on Wednesday as financial stocks fell after JPMorgan and Bank of America hinted at revenue weakness in the current quarter. JPMorgan Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said the decline stemmed from lower volatility compared with a year ago when the United Kingdom was preparing to vote on Brexit. Bank of America Chief Executive Brian Moynihan said second-quarter earnings would be hurt by a drop in trading revenue, lower-than-expected interest rates and the sale or shuttering of certain assets. "There is a choppy sideways market due to the fact that fundamentals are largely unchanged and expectations of market friendly policies in the U.S. are being pushed to 2018," said Stephen Wood, chief market strategist, North America, Russell Investments. Seven of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the financial index's 1.3 percent fall leading the decliners. Financials, which have largely outperformed the broader market on bets of fiscal stimulus and simpler banking regulations under President Trump, are on track to decline 0.7 percent so far this year. JPMorgan was down 2 percent on Wednesday. Goldman Sachs fell 3 percent and was the biggest drag on the Dow. Bank of America was down 2.2 percent. At 10:40 a.m. EDT, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 46.17 points, or 0.22 percent, at 20,983.3, the S&P 500 was down 5.15 points, or 0.21 percent, at 2,407.76 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 27.40 points, or 0.44 percent, at 6,175.79. The Federal Reserve issues its Beige Book at 2 p.m. ET (1800 GMT), a compendium of anecdotes on the health of the economy, that will likely provide further evidence that the economy continues to strengthen giving the Federal Reserve impetus to raise rate next month. Traders currently see an 86.6-percent chance of a quarter-point rate hike at the Fed's June meeting, according to Thomson Reuters data. Shares of Michael Kors fell 9.4 percent to $32.88 after the luxury fashion retailer gave a bleak full-year forecast and said it would shut more than 100 full-price retail stores in the next two years. Mallinckrodt was down 1.1 percent at $43.12, after sources said the drugmaker is exploring a sale of its generic drug unit, in a deal that could fetch as much as $2 billion. Analog Devices rose 3.9 percent to $88.06 after the chipmaker's quarterly results came in above expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,816 to 928, for a 1.96-to-1 ratio on the downside. On the Nasdaq, 1,842 issues fell and 771 advanced for a 2.39-to-1 ratio favoring decliners. The S&P 500 index showed 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Additional reporting by Sweta Singh; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 27190.00 (-0.11%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28150.00 (-0.04%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 27900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28020.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27100.00 (-0.73%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26650.00 (-1.84%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 27210.00 (-0.37%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 40212.00 (-4.86%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St falls as bank stocks weigh By Reuters Published: 11:09 EDT, 31 May 2017 | Updated: 11:09 EDT, 31 May 2017 e-mail By Tanya Agrawal and Sweta Singh May 31 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were down on Wednesday as financial stocks fell after JPMorgan and Bank of America hinted at revenue weakness in the current quarter. JPMorgan Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said the decline stemmed from lower volatility compared with a year ago when the United Kingdom was preparing to vote on Brexit. Bank of America Chief Executive Brian Moynihan said second-quarter earnings would be hurt by a drop in trading revenue, lower-than-expected interest rates and the sale or shuttering of certain assets. "There is a choppy sideways market due to the fact that fundamentals are largely unchanged and expectations of market friendly policies in the U.S. are being pushed to 2018," said Stephen Wood, chief market strategist, North America, Russell Investments. Seven of the 11 major S&amp;P sectors were lower, with the financial index's 1.3 percent fall leading the decliners. Financials, which have largely outperformed the broader market on bets of fiscal stimulus and simpler banking regulations under President Trump, are on track to decline 0.7 percent so far this year. JPMorgan was down 2 percent on Wednesday. Goldman Sachs fell 3 percent and was the biggest drag on the Dow. Bank of America was down 2.2 percent. At 10:40 a.m. EDT, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 46.17 points, or 0.22 percent, at 20,983.3, the S&amp;P 500 was down 5.15 points, or 0.21 percent, at 2,407.76 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 27.40 points, or 0.44 percent, at 6,175.79. The Federal Reserve issues its Beige Book at 2 p.m. ET (1800 GMT), a compendium of anecdotes on the health of the economy, that will likely provide further evidence that the economy continues to strengthen giving the Federal Reserve impetus to raise rate next month. Traders currently see an 86.6-percent chance of a quarter-point rate hike at the Fed's June meeting, according to Thomson Reuters data. Shares of Michael Kors fell 9.4 percent to $32.88 after the luxury fashion retailer gave a bleak full-year forecast and said it would shut more than 100 full-price retail stores in the next two years. Mallinckrodt was down 1.1 percent at $43.12, after sources said the drugmaker is exploring a sale of its generic drug unit, in a deal that could fetch as much as $2 billion. Analog Devices rose 3.9 percent to $88.06 after the chipmaker's quarterly results came in above expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,816 to 928, for a 1.96-to-1 ratio on the downside. On the Nasdaq, 1,842 issues fell and 771 advanced for a 2.39-to-1 ratio favoring decliners. The S&amp;P 500 index showed 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Additional reporting by Sweta Singh; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS What a handful! Cheeky Travis Scott gets a firm grip on Kylie Jenner's derriere during PDA-heavy outing in Los Angeles She can be a handful Geri Horner sizzles in red figure-hugging cocktail dress as she puts on an affectionate display with husband Christian at End The Silence charity bash All of me! Topless Chrissy Teigen guards her modesty as she shows off her fresh spray tan on Snapchat Shared a naked picture on social media Braless Amanda Holden nearly bares all in dress with high split for BGT semi-finals... after vowing to spark 'Ofcom complaints' with her racy ensembles  'I used to have full-scale meltdowns in bathing suit shops': Ariel Winter reveals breast augmentation gave her confidence to sizzle in swimwear 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  So nice she wore them twice! Pippa Middleton dons the same $200 espadrilles she wore to lunch on Wednesday - as she exits Sydney with a smile  Hello boys! Love Island beauties Jess Shears, Camilla Thurlow and Chloe Crowhurst flaunt their figures in skimpy bikinis for sizzling shoot ahead of show's return 'That's insane!' Kendall Jenner bangs on table as family reacts to Caitlyn's memoir... and Kim Kardashian admits to reading the whole thing Emily Ratajkowski poses NUDE as her friend shares cheeky throwback snap of the actress flaunting her peachy derriere Stripped off  'Are you sure that's a bruise?': Jesy Nelson is accused of photoshopping her pics as fans question mysterious black mark on her stomach  'He taught me how to be a dad': Peter Andre praises former stepson Harvey Price... after ex-wife Katie claimed he 'no longer sees' the teenager Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her taut midriff as she takes daughter Penelope to paint class... while ex Scott Disick is spotted with EIGHTH woman No more beef! Bella Thorne grabs a greasy biteto eat...after shrugging off humiliating trip with sex addict Scott Disick She's moving on Simon Cowell rolls his eyes as Ned Woodman, 9, makes the BGT final... after child comic dubbed judges 'desperate losers' and called Amanda Holden a DOG 'You sexist pig!' Simon Cowell is deemed 'anti-feminist' by BGT viewers as he tells female magician Josephine he likes her LEGS but not her act Sushi date! Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid enjoy a relaxed dinner together at their favorite restaurant Nobu in NYC Best friends reunited in the city Too much Cigarettes and Alcohol? Comeback kid Liam Gallagher sidesteps VERY excited female fan... as he rules out Oasis reunion at Manchester benefit gig New direction? Kesha steps out for lunch as it's revealed Eagles Of Death Metal cut two tracks with her for her third album Casual 'She didn't want any spoilers': Justin Theroux says wife Jennifer Aniston won't 'run lines with me' for The Leftovers because she's a fan 'She will beat this': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi says star, 68, will use cannabis oil following second breast cancer diagnosis 'Some of my fave people!' Kim Kardashian shares heartwarming photo of baby Saint and grandma Mary Jo on Instagram Happy families David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their bid to overturn a £700million tax bill after investing in controversial film schemes Ellie Goulding dazzles in a striking sequinned black gown before changing into glittering gold frock at London charity bash Glittering Smitten Richard Gere, 67, can't keep his hands off girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 34, at premiere of his new film Norman in Madrid... after tactile display with blonde Amanda Holden has been wearing 'nipple covers' for Britain's Got Talent live shows as her assets continue to steal the limelight Focal point  Bell bottom beauty! Amanda Peet goes casual in white sweater and VERY wide black flares at Brockmire event in LA Stepped out to lobby  Smooth sailing! Lindsey Vonn sizzles in red bikini as she enjoys yacht time with boyfriend Kenan Smith during yacht time in Monaco Shocking video of Tiger Woods during his DUI arrest shows the beleaguered barefoot golfer swaying, rolling his eyes and slurring his words in sobriety tests  Revenge is a dish best served in lingerie! Ashley Graham flaunts her incredible figure for racy selfie... after revealing she was bullied at school Upstaged by his own beard! Scruffy Jim Carrey is wild and bushy at LA premiere of his Showtime comedy I'm Dying Up Here Scruffy appearance 'I was resigned to dying': Fern Britton was left 'fighting for her life' after contracting sepsis following routine hysterectomy Health scare 'What's wrong with your leg?' Ant McPartlin sparks concern after fans spot presenter sporting brace... after he appeared to have difficulty walking on BGT X-rated fun! Kendall Jenner films Cara Delevingne jumping around on inflatable breasts at the Museum of Sex in New York City Freeing the nipple 'I thought he was joking!' Katie Derham reveals her husband John proposed on the first night they met... but she mistook him for a BOUNCER Jim Carrey set to face trial over the fatal overdose of his ex-girlfriend after wrongful death lawsuit alleged he supplied the drugs that killed her 'They're just milking that cow for money!' Kirsten Dunst slams new Spider Man reboot... as she reveals 'it's time to have babies and chill' in candid interview Oopsy Daisy! Former Strictly contestant Lowe appears to have two left feet as she takes an embarrassing tumble after attending pal Alexa Chung's fashion party Taylor Swift scores early legal victory over DJ she claims grabbed her rear... but must face jury trial over allegation she had him fired Sweet charity! Jerry and Jessica Seinfeld take the kids to a philanthropic party in New York's Central Park Jerry stepped out for a good cause Not Di-sick of partying yet? Scott cosies up to woman number EIGHT as he boards a private jet after raucous week in Cannes with a bevy of beauties Fighting to survive: Idris Elba and Kate Winslet are lost in the wilderness in new trailer for The Mountain Between Us Oscar-winner Winslet Phwoar-saw! Joanna Krupa flashes serious underboob as she attends fashion show in native Poland Special appearance Johnny Depp was kept in the dark about his finances and his sister used his money, claims whistleblower who worked for his former business managers Michelle Williams to star alongside Amy Schumer in upcoming comedy I Feel Pretty Michelle is best known for her serious acting work Keeping under wraps! Erin McNaught covers up after stripping off and stunning fans with her incredibly toned pregnancy figure at 24 weeks Rapper and former Justin Bieber sidekick Lil Twist is ordered to pay $1.5million to former child star Chris Massey following assault Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst DENIES dumping Jon Clark to appear on the dating show... after TOWIE star branded her an 'evil b***h' Hedging your bets? The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell has yet to return her fiance Ben Higgins' ring after calling off engagement  The ring should go back Lunch to go! Lisa Rinna steps out makeup-free in grey sweater as she picks up food from Hollywood eatery Trendy slippers Tough session! Shirtless Justin Bieber steps out of boxing gym... and into the dentist after chipping a tooth Not what he expected Chloe Grace Moretz cuddles up to her pet pooch Pearl... as she stands up against 'fat-shaming' trailer for her new animated film Keeping good company EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Potty-mouth chef Gordon Ramsay claims the Queen uses the same fruity language that he favours The Moore the merrier! Mandy shows off assets in clinging white top as she mingles with fans at TV show taping Former princess of pop turned actress The Clooneys' countdown to TWINMAGEDDON: How George and Amal are preparing for double trouble (as they babies' arrival gets ever closer) New parents Storm and Ronan Keating enjoy a night off nappy duties as they pucker up on the red carpet at End The Silence charity bash Joint appearance 'I am just as appalled and angry as everyone else': Chloe Moretz apologizes for body shaming ad for her new animated film Upcoming animated film 'Someone bring us cake!' Pregnant Ferne McCann opens up about food cravings... after asking mind reader to predict baby's sex on Britain's Got Talent 'Together again!'  Bionic Woman Lindsay Wagner and Six Million Dollar Man Lee Majors reunite on set of family-friendly movie Reunited Back to his Becks! David Beckham smoulders in new watch campaign as he makes return to modelling following maligned King Arthur film cameo 'We love living together': Ariel Winter, 19, hits back at critics who say her boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, is too old for her Love has no age Bumping along! Orange Is The New Black actor Jason Biggs and pregnant wife Jenny Mollen enjoy sunny stroll in Manhattan Shopping spree Iron hug! Arnold Schwarzenegger gives his handsome son Patrick an affectionate squeeze in Beverly Hills Still honoring the veterans days  'I'm ruthless': Gwyneth Paltrow says she's 'milked the f*** out of every opportunity' as she talks divorce, aging and movie burn out Determined Make-up free Lily Collins flashes a glimpse of her gym-honed physique in tight leggings with sheer panels as she hits the gym  That was close! Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman suffer awkward 'near miss' when they're both booked to appear James Corden's late night talk show Winter wonderland? Mila Kunis shoots snow filled scene for A Bad Mom's Christmas... during sweltering Atlanta weather On set Vogue Williams flashes her tanned curves in bright neon bikini on the beach in Marbella... as she admits she's pining for beau Spencer Matthews Jenna Dewan celebrates hit ratings for World of Dance premiere over breakfast with hunky husband Channing Tatum Date  Leggy Lucy Watson is towered over by Ianthe Rose at Wonder Woman screening in London... after premiere was cancelled following Manchester attack Red hot! Gigi Hadid keeps it casual cool in crimson top and matching shades while out in New York Laid-back supermodel style Rude Boy! Rihanna steps out at celebrity hot spot Nobu after being fat-shamed by sports writer  Star kept a low profile following incident 'I hope it's not weird': Love Island newbie Camilla Thurlow reveals she's 'excited' to meet host Caroline Flack as they've BOTH been linked to Prince Harry FIRST LOOK: Jessica Biel is covered in blood after 'an inexplicable fit of rage' while at the beach with her family in stills from upcoming series The Sinner Red hot mama! Brazilian bombshell Alessandra Ambrosio looks like a 10 in her flattering red swimsuit as she struts her stuff in Malibu Supercalifragilistic showman! James Corden dons drag as he recreates classic scenes from Mary Poppins on the streets of London  FIRST LOOK: Big Brother 2017's VERY chintzy house is unveiled as fans count down to 'extremely revealing' new series  Sneak peek Andrew Garfield dons a curly wig and performs a BACKFLIP as he lip syncs to Whitney Houston in hilarious clip  Centre stage Gabourey gone wild! Sidibe has the time of her life while zooming around on jet ski on luxury yacht vacation in Barbados Living it up Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez flaunts her leggy figure in perilously short hot pants and heels as they enjoy a shopping trip in Madrid 'Dungeon and torture chamber': Bethenny Frankel bursts into tears twice on RHONY under stress from ex Reality star lost it on two occasions 'Life on the ocean waves': Corrie's Samia Longchambon flaunts her slim figure in a swimsuit as she holidays with skating pro husband Sylvain 'I want her to be named after me': Pregnant Serena Williams shows off her baby bump as sister Venus confirms she is expecting a girl at the French Open Bumping along in a bikini! The Hills veteran Lauren Conrad shows off heavily pregnant tummy while promoting swimwear line Baby joy Coronation Street's Ben Price says emotional goodbye to on-screen arch nemesis Peter Barlow after filming his final scenes as Nick Tilsley Newlyweds Pippa and James continue second leg of their honeymoon with a romantic date night - hours after they scaled the Sydney Harbour Bridge  Stella Maxwell and girlfriend Kristen Stewart dangerously hang out of a car window as they go to extreme lengths to get the perfect photo  'She was so shaken up': Former Fifth Harmony singer Camila Cabello 'had no words' when she spoke to Ariana Grande following Manchester attack Donna Air looks the picture of elegance as she stuns in a ruffled silk halterneck gown at star-studded Golden Gala in London Leading the glamour Chris Martin enjoys boys' time with son Moses, 11, in Disneyland ahead of Coldplay's set at Manchester attack benefit concert Tangerine dream! Zilda Williams strips down to a tiny string bikini after revealing her DDs have BALLOONED in size to an E-cup and are now 'too big' Jennifer Garner disowns People magazine cover she didn't agree to as she denies reports she's scared to date after Ben Affleck divorce filing Their secret weapon! New Game Of Thrones shots with Stark family might have accidentally revealed massive season seven spoiler Spoiler EXCLUSIVE: If looks could kill! Tori Spelling shows up nearly an hour late to stepson's high school graduation and gets the stink eye by Dean McDermott's ex She wore an itsy bitsy teeny tiny bikini! Shanina Shaik sizzles as she shows off her cleavage in sexy swimwear for NEXT Pin-up Ewan McGregor's Fargo accent is part Abba, part Deputy Dawg: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV Channel 4's Fargo  Children of Hollywood: Chanel muse Lily-Rose Depp, Sistine Stallone and Willow Smith lead the glamour at 2017 Métiers D'art runway show in Tokyo 'My dad tracks my phone once a day': Sofia Richie reveals Lionel keeps tabs on her as she's seen without 'homie' Scott Disick after romance rumours Sweet Harmony! Former girl group member Camila Cabello puts on a busty display in sexy photo shoot for Guess Centre stage 'All I felt was rage': Comedy Central's Trevor Noah recalls horror of hearing his mother was shot by stepfather The Daily Show host EXCLUSIVE: She's a knockout - and has brains too! Daughter of Rocky star Sylvester Stallone graduates cum laude from $15,000-a-year high school  Cream of the crop! Former TOWIE star Jasmin Walia puts on a leggy display in shimmering nude mini dress and perspex heels in Ibiza Megan McKenna dons a strapless bra in sultry behind-the-scenes snap at photoshoot... as it's claimed her ex Jordan Davies is set 'explosive' appearance on CBB 'Where are the women of colour?' Alexa Chung fans blast an Instagram snap of her debut fashion show for lack of diversity Debut fashion show  Blac Chyna steps out in shirt bearing her own portrait... amid claims ex Rob Kardashian is now dating lookalike Meghan James Self promotion 'My cat could have written it in 10 minutes!': Noel Gallagher blasts Harry Styles' solo single as he claims Simon Cowell has 'ruined' the pop industry Grey's Anatomy favourite Ellen Pompeo shows off stylish 'modern barn' Hamptons retreat for Architectural Digest Beautiful home  Sean Connery takes a stroll around NYC with his wife Micheline Roquebrune... as he steps out for first time since ex co-star Molly Peters passed away 'They were shaken': Jonas Brothers patriarch reveals colon cancer battle and details the reaction of his famous sons Health woes  'What a time to reunite!' Fans go wild with speculation feuding Liam and Noel Gallagher will reform Oasis for Manchester benefit concert this weekend Producer Harvey Weinstein rushed by Cannes cops after he walks right past security checkpoints at AmFAR Sidestepped security checkpoints Trying to start a trend? Drew Barrymore again steps out in bizarre orange sunglasses that look borrowed from Star Wars wardrobe department Move over, Dakota! Johnson's little sister Stella Banderas shows off her bikini body during trip to Italy to take in the Gucci fashion show Stealing the show 'So sorry to people behind!' Ashley James sizzles in racy pink swimsuit during Marbella break... but apologises for racy THONG cut Swanky outfit! Hilary wears look from her new Mission Statement brand as she talks up the range for women-on-the-go Leggy look Fearne Cotton nails colour blocking chic in vibrant purple sweater and mismatched red flares as she arrives at BBC Radio studios Bright 'She still says Ben was the love of her life': Jennifer Garner is 'NOT dating yet'... even though Affleck moved out of their mansion a month ago New squeeze? Ex On The Beach's Charlotte Dawson passionately kisses mystery man in Manchester... three months after Matt Sarsfield split  Sports writer slammed for calling Rihanna 'FAT' and claiming her 'tough to stomach' look will set a 'dangerous precedent' - years after joking about her being beaten She's high on endorphins! Reese Witherspoon can't wipe the smile off her face after a tough yoga session Beaming In full bloom! Pregnant Princess Sofia of Sweden displays her baby bump for the first time in a vivid pink dress Glowing Keeping up with Kanye! Kendall Jenner signs on as the face of sportswear giant Adidas Originals Fronting the brand's new campaign Shame-less of her to go around! Tina Malone flaunts slender physique in barely-there bikini as she preens and pouts poolside in Cyprus  Showing weight loss The dapper Duke! Prince Philip looks smart in a straw boater as he throws a reception to celebrate London Youth's 130th anniversary Debbie Douglas reveals she is quitting TOWIE along with daughter Lydia Bright... but insists her decision has 'no link at all' to James Argent's return 'We're old school': Nicole Kidman reveals Keith Urban and her never text... as she shows off her lithe legs for InStyle cover shoot Old fashioned romance Throwing shade! Bikini-clad Bella Hadid parties on Lewis Hamilton's yacht with fashionista Sophie Hermann and Winnie Harlow in Monte Carlo Pretty in sparkly pink! Elle Fanning wears a cardigan embellished with blingy rhinestones for shopping trip in Los Angeles  Fresh from Cannes Keeping him young at heart! Bruce Willis, 62, enjoys picnic with wife Emma, 38, and little daughters in Central Park Doting dad Bachelorette contestant Michael Nance 'died of overdose at sober living home,' claims former reality TV co-star On show in 2012 Ring-Ring a ding dong! Joanna Krupa shows off her lithe limbs as she poses with kitschy telephones and colourful ice-creams in Candyland pin-up shoot Rebel Wilson's sister is so convinced she's related to Walt Disney she almost named her daughter after him - as the actress wheels her family out in court  Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her beautiful bump in a nude lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys relaxing baby-moon in Thailand In Koh Samui That's a quick change! Ellie Goulding displays her hourglass curves in TWO waist-cinching ensembles as she steps out in style for radio appearance 'I didn't believe I would have healthy, positive relationships': Jamie Foxx's daughter Corrine details her struggle with anxiety that started when she was  14 'We changed it to Mysterious Girl': Peter Andre recalls how hit pop song was once called Mysterious Man  90s classic could have been very different 'I see definition and muscles': Confident Vicky Pattison is pleased as punch as she poses in a very skimpy bikini after three day juicing detox 'If anyone wants me...' Former Emmerdale and Hollyoaks actress Sheree Murphy pleads for a job on another soap during live TV interview Heidi Klum catches the eye in breezy kaftan summer dress as she tucks into an ice-cream during picturesque Greek getaway Sunshine break Style in black and white! Karlie Kloss wears a simply chic look as she embraces a post-Memorial Day sanctioned shade  Understated ensemble Jessie Wallace dresses down in her gym gear as she takes her dog for a walk... after ratings for her EastEnders spin-off Redwater 'drop by 2m' Texting an apology? Solo Ruby Rose checks her phone in Beverly Hills days after admitting she REGRETS mocking Katy Perry's 'Taylor Swift diss track' 'I can't believe how responsible I am!': Pink says she loves her family life with husband of 11 years Carey Hart... after they survived TWO splits Glamorous Kelly Rohrbach displays her svelte model figure in striking one-shouldered jumpsuit as she steps out for dinner in Berlin  Striking beauty Enjoying that, Mr Scoff-ield? TV host Phillip chows down on a burger during family holiday in LA with wife Stephanie and daughters Molly and Ruby 'Every tantalising thread was snipped': The Americans season finale receives solid yet underwhelming reviews... as FX series gears up for last chapter Hardly under cover! Bianca Gascoigne almost spills out of her skimpy camouflage print bikini as she splashes around in the pool in Ibiza 'I used to watch him do tricks': BGT finalist Issy Simpson, 8, hits back at fix claims as she reveals magician grandfather and Harry Potter inspired routine Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning figure in barely-there yellow bikini as she hits the shores with husband Wayne and their sons during Barbados break  If I Was Your (Cow)boyfriend! Justin Bieber looks delighted with his bizarre choice of outfit as he struts around NYC in stetson and bold gold jacket BGT makes way for Manchester: ITV's Britain's Got Talent final MOVED from Sunday to Saturday night to ensure Ariana Grande's benefit gig is not overshadowed Orlando Bloom's proud mother 'sends copies of her actor son's CV' to newspapers detailing his 'meteoric rise to fame' and stellar reviews Chloe Madeley flaunts pert posterior and taut abs as she slips into bra and knickers for raunchy Instagram snaps She's worked hard EXCLUSIVE: Kardashians score another victory in battle over scrapped beauty line - as appeal from company using their likeness is tossed out 'He was just such an inspiring performer': Dev Patel's girlfriend Tilda Cobham-Hervey, 22, gushes over late actor Heath Ledger  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The cheek of it! Jamie Laing cops a feel of his bikini-clad girlfriend Frankie Gaff's derriere as they join their co-stars on a lavish yacht  Size 22 Tess Holliday bashes a Snow White poster that labels a short, curvy version of the princess 'less beautiful' than the VERY svelte original  He's Scott the dollars! An unusually shy Kylie Jenner flaunts her slim waist in sexy low-slung jeans as boyfriend Travis carries huge wad of cash on date Princess Mary has a Princess Diana moment as her white trousers turn see-through in the sunlight as she steps out in Stockholm Oops moment The beaming Queen! Monarch is all smiles as she dons turquoise outfit and displays a chic new hairstyle at a luncheon in London  Fresh new crop 'I was a disaster of a boyfriend!' Keri Russell and Scott Speedman dish on their past relationship and reveal whether there will be a Felicity reunion Making a splash Down Under! Pippa and new hubby James Matthews climb into a water taxi in Sydney as they take honeymoon to Australia after private island trip Mini magician Issy Simpson, 8, soars through to BGT final amid 'fix' claims as she receives the most votes... after Alesha nearly RUINED her trick Top family! Richard Hammond enjoys a night out with wife Amanda and daughters Isabella and Willow during a break from The Grand Tour 'I'm greedy and fat...but I'm not insane': Dame Judi Dench appears as stubborn Queen Victoria in the trailer for upcoming biographical drama Victoria & Abdul 'Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry sports perilously short mini during filming... after viewers BLAST her 'vile drunken sex antics' in alarming new scenes 'I wish it was you that was dead and not mum': Jeff Brazier reveals 'worst thing' his sons have said to him as they deal with their mother Jade Goody's death TOWIE's Amber Turner shows off sensationally slender figure in glitzy peach bikini as she hits the beach in Marbella  Hit the sun-soaked beach with a pal Michael Jackson's ex-wife Debbie Rowe accidentally BURNS DOWN her friend's cottage in Vermont after helping her with some DIY What a blooming delight! 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford carries bouquet of flowers and gifts as she hugs fans at Sydney airport We'll take a paw-dicure: Paris Hilton takes her very well-dressed pooch to the salon as she steps out wearing colourful maxi dress  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson looks worse for wear in thigh-grazing dress for filming in Newcastle... hours after she flashed her bare breasts on TV 'There was no competition': Zac Efron says there was no rivalry with The Rock when it came to working out for Baywatch... after the movie FLOPS Smoking hot! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray flaunts her busty cleavage in sheer bikini bra as she poses with a morning cigarette  Busty display Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence dresses down as she steps out in Beverly Hills... after defending herself over THAT pole dancing routine 'She's irrelevant to everyone's lives': Love Island's Olivia Buckland and fiancé Alex Bowen cruelly take aim at Malin Andersson... as she brands couple 'bullies' Mel B ends rift with her mother Andrea as they pose for family photo... after the duo make amends after Spice Girl's split from husband Stephen Belafonte Beaming beauty! Delta Goodrem flashes taut torso in daring cut-out dress as she attends The Voice Australia live shows launch party in Sydney 'I guess we're good actors': Wonder Woman stars Gal Gadot and Chris Pine discuss their on-screen chemistry and THAT nude scene They play love interests  Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde slips into a skimpy bikini for Cape Verde beach day after revealing she's been body shamed for her 'too small' baby bump Going for breakfast at Tiffany's? Myleene Klass channels Audrey Hepburn in monochrome shift dress and yellow heels as she heads to work Nicola Peltz flashes her bra in sheer sweater as she enjoys cosy date night with model boyfriend Anwar Hadid Transformers actress put on a racy display  Feeling nippy? Supermodel Shanina Shaik goes BRALESS as she flaunts cleavage in low-cut black leotard Former Victoria's Secret model  'I was treated like a freak': Former Strictly judge Arlene Phillips was told she wouldn't be able to bond with her daughter after giving birth aged 47 Rochelle Humes is left red-faced AGAIN and has to apologise for a second day running as Jordana Brewster swears live on breakfast TV Summer starts here! Bikini-clad Abbey Clancy flashes her pert bottom as she takes a well earned break after completing work on Britain's Next Top Model Look away Dolph! Muscleman's model daughter Ida Lundgren goes TOPLESS in nothing but bikini briefs for sultry snap on the beach Censoring herself! Kylie Jenner places emojis over her sheer bra as she promotes lip kit on Snapchat Maintained her modesty with stars 'I get to press the scary buzzer!' Simon Cowell's mini-me son Eric, 3, steals the show on America's Got Talent as he takes his father's place on judging panel How does she do it? Pregnant Erin McNaught STRIPS DOWN to her underwear as she shows off bare baby bump and enviably toned frame at 24 weeks 'It's my dream come true': Alanis Morissette's Jagged Little Pill album is set to be turned into a musical It's more than 20 years old Coleen Rooney highlights her svelte frame in a plunging cream beach dress as she joins husband Wayne and their sons for Barbados beach day 'If I could take back decisions I made': Geordie Shore's Zahida Allen pens heartfelt apology to beau Sean Pratt in lengthy open letter on social media SPOILER ALERT: Violence between Beth and Nathan, Daniel threatens to kill himself and Nick gets caught in QUICKSAND as Corrie's late nights take a turn Olivia Newton-John, 68, reveals breast cancer has returned and spread to her back 25 years after she was first diagnosed  Cancelled tour 'People will sell their mum to get on Love Island!' Reality stars throw support behind TOWIE's Jon Clark after Chloe Crowhurst RUNS AWAY for the show That holiday glow! Lara Bingle looks radiant in all black ensemble as she returns from luxury vacation in Turks and Caicos Sydney airport  Kate goes gaga for Superga! The Duchess of Cambridge can't get enough of her £50 trainers (and sales of the shoes have DOUBLED) Kaya Scodelario sparks controversy after revealing a monkey would 'projectile vomit all the time' on set of Pirates Of Caribbean 'Hello, young lady!' Lionel Richie FaceTimes daughter Sofia while she cavorts around France with 'sex addict' pal Scott Disick  New companion EXCLUSIVE: Things are looking up for Chelsea Manning as she gets her eyes tested in NYC after trading military prison for the high life in the Big Apple Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Northern Trust Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northern Trust Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research JPMorgan Chase & Co. Increases Position in Northern Trust Co. (NTRS) May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Northern Trust Co. (NASDAQ:NTRS) by 0.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 8,226,919 shares of the asset manager’s stock after buying an additional 68,263 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s holdings in Northern Trust were worth $712,287,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A raised its position in Northern Trust by 6.5% in the first quarter. Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A now owns 1,172 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $101,000 after buying an additional 72 shares during the last quarter. Bessemer Group Inc. raised its position in Northern Trust by 689.7% in the fourth quarter. Bessemer Group Inc. now owns 1,303 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 1,138 shares during the last quarter. Advisory Services Network LLC purchased a new position in Northern Trust during the first quarter worth about $117,000. Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. purchased a new position in Northern Trust during the third quarter worth about $120,000. Finally, Jolley Asset Management LLC raised its position in Northern Trust by 25.9% in the first quarter. Jolley Asset Management LLC now owns 1,700 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 350 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 79.48% of the company’s stock. Northern Trust Co. (NASDAQ:NTRS) opened at 88.10 on Wednesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $88.74 and its 200-day moving average is $87.15. The company has a market capitalization of $20.23 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.09 and a beta of 1.05. Northern Trust Co. has a 12-month low of $61.32 and a 12-month high of $92.29. Northern Trust (NASDAQ:NTRS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The asset manager reported $1.09 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.07 by $0.02. Northern Trust had a net margin of 19.76% and a return on equity of 11.68%. The business had revenue of $1.29 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.28 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.99 earnings per share. Northern Trust’s revenue was up 8.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that Northern Trust Co. will post $4.80 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Saturday, July 1st. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be paid a dividend of $0.38 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 31st. This represents a $1.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.73%. Northern Trust’s payout ratio is 35.43%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/jpmorgan-chase-co-increases-position-in-northern-trust-co-ntrs.html. A number of research analysts recently issued reports on NTRS shares. Jefferies Group LLC upgraded shares of Northern Trust from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their target price for the company from $90.00 to $102.00 in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $97.00 target price on shares of Northern Trust in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Bank of America Corp reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $98.00 target price (up from $61.32) on shares of Northern Trust in a research note on Friday, May 26th. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $90.00 target price on shares of Northern Trust in a research note on Sunday. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $96.00 target price (up from $93.00) on shares of Northern Trust in a research note on Saturday, April 29th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating, three have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. Northern Trust presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $88.71. In other Northern Trust news, EVP Susan Gillian Pembleton sold 9,793 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $88.29, for a total transaction of $864,623.97. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, COO Jana R. Schreuder sold 7,327 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $90.02, for a total transaction of $659,576.54. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 395,997 shares of company stock worth $35,783,412 over the last quarter. Corporate insiders own 1.90% of the company’s stock. Northern Trust Company Profile Northern Trust Corporation is a financial holding company. The Company provides asset servicing, fund administration, asset management, fiduciary and banking solutions for corporations, institutions, families and individuals across the world. Its segments include Corporate & Institutional Services (C&IS), Wealth Management, and Treasury and Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NTRS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Northern Trust Co. (NASDAQ:NTRS). Receive News & Ratings for Northern Trust Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northern Trust Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Henry Schein Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henry Schein Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Has $5,148,000 Stake in Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. maintained its position in Henry Schein, Inc. (NASDAQ:HSIC) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 30,290 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc.’s holdings in Henry Schein were worth $5,148,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. KBC Group NV increased its position in Henry Schein by 54.4% in the first quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 172,623 shares of the company’s stock worth $29,341,000 after buying an additional 60,803 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Henry Schein by 12.4% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,515,861 shares of the company’s stock worth $257,650,000 after buying an additional 167,213 shares during the period. Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Co increased its position in Henry Schein by 41.9% in the first quarter. Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Co now owns 1,930 shares of the company’s stock worth $328,000 after buying an additional 570 shares during the period. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK increased its position in Henry Schein by 9.3% in the first quarter. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK now owns 19,676 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,344,000 after buying an additional 1,670 shares during the period. Finally, Congress Asset Management Co. MA increased its position in Henry Schein by 10.3% in the first quarter. Congress Asset Management Co. MA now owns 391,952 shares of the company’s stock worth $66,620,000 after buying an additional 36,651 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 90.91% of the company’s stock. Henry Schein, Inc. (NASDAQ:HSIC) opened at 182.89 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $174.92 and a 200-day moving average of $164.96. The company has a market cap of $14.51 billion, a PE ratio of 27.79 and a beta of 1.02. Henry Schein, Inc. has a one year low of $146.23 and a one year high of $183.84. Henry Schein (NASDAQ:HSIC) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The company reported $1.76 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.65 by $0.11. The business had revenue of $2.92 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.83 billion. Henry Schein had a net margin of 4.40% and a return on equity of 18.15%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $1.41 earnings per share. On average, analysts predict that Henry Schein, Inc. will post $7.28 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/los-angeles-capital-management-equity-research-inc-has-5148000-stake-in-henry-schein-inc-hsic.html. A number of equities analysts recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Henry Schein from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $204.00 price target for the company in a research note on Thursday, May 25th. Barrington Research lifted their price target on Henry Schein from $196.00 to $198.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Stifel Nicolaus lifted their price target on Henry Schein from $174.00 to $178.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Craig Hallum assumed coverage on Henry Schein in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued a “hold” rating for the company. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG assumed coverage on Henry Schein in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $174.00 price target for the company. Nine analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. Henry Schein currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $182.58. In related news, SVP James A. Harding sold 10,552 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $171.60, for a total value of $1,810,723.20. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 21,118 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,623,848.80. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Gerald A. Benjamin sold 12,578 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 11th. The shares were sold at an average price of $175.10, for a total transaction of $2,202,407.80. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 44,061 shares in the company, valued at approximately $7,715,081.10. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 56,021 shares of company stock worth $9,652,516. 1.27% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Henry Schein Company Profile Henry Schein, Inc is a provider of healthcare products and services primarily to office-based dental, animal health and medical practitioners. The Company operates through two segments: healthcare distribution, and technology and value-added services. The healthcare distribution segment distributes consumable products, small equipment, laboratory products, large equipment, equipment repair services, branded and generic pharmaceuticals, vaccines, surgical products, diagnostic tests, infection-control products and vitamins. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HSIC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Henry Schein, Inc. (NASDAQ:HSIC). Receive News & Ratings for Henry Schein Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henry Schein Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GlaxoSmithKline plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GlaxoSmithKline plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet GlaxoSmithKline plc (LON:GSK)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report released on Monday. They currently have a GBX 1,750 ($22.48) price target on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target suggests a potential upside of 4.60% from the company’s current price. Other research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. Liberum Capital reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 1,900 ($24.41) price objective on shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Beaufort Securities reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 1,750 ($22.48) price objective on shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 1,850 ($23.76) price objective on GlaxoSmithKline plc and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 1,780 ($22.86) price objective on shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 1,970 ($25.31) price objective on shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. GlaxoSmithKline plc currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 1,740.41 ($22.36). Shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) opened at 1686.1012 on Monday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 1,615.71 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 1,589.70. GlaxoSmithKline plc has a one year low of GBX 1,363.00 and a one year high of GBX 1,745.56. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 82.38 billion. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 13th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 11th will be issued a dividend of GBX 19 ($0.24) per share. This represents a yield of 1.21%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/glaxosmithkline-plc-gsk-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other news, insider Vivienne Cox bought 335 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 26th. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 1,583 ($20.33) per share, for a total transaction of £5,303.05 ($6,811.88). Also, insider Moncef Slaoui bought 56 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 7th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 2,072 ($26.62) per share, with a total value of £1,160.32 ($1,490.46). Insiders have purchased a total of 718 shares of company stock valued at $1,183,024 over the last 90 days. About GlaxoSmithKline plc GlaxoSmithKline plc is a global healthcare company. The Company operates through three segments: Pharmaceuticals, Vaccines and Consumer Healthcare. The Company focuses on its research across six areas: Respiratory diseases, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)/infectious diseases, Vaccines, Immuno-inflammation, Oncology and Rare diseases. Receive News & Ratings for GlaxoSmithKline plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GlaxoSmithKline plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Market Trend Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Stock Market Today Four Reasons You Should Withdraw From Bank Stocks ED CARSON 5/31/2017 Reprints Futures for the Dow Jones industrial average, S&P 500 index and Nasdaq 100 were higher early Wednesday, signaling little change at the opening bell. The major averages edged lower in Tuesday's stock market trading, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq composite snapping seven-day winning streaks. Several big-cap tech giants hit fresh all-time highs, but bank stocks were among the notable losers, including JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Goldman Sachs (GS), Bank of America (BAC). Citigroup (C) also edged lower, but remains in relatively sound shape. XAutoplay: On | OffDow industrials futures rose a fraction above fair value, S&P 500 futures also edged up while Nasdaq 100 futures rose more than 0.1%. U.S. crude oil futures fell nearly 2% to below $49 a barrel amid renewed oversupply concerns. Bank stocks were big leaders of the so-called Trump rally following the presidential election. But the stocks have struggled for several months. Here are four reasons to look beyond the banks to other sectors. Stock Charts Weak Dow industrials component JPMorgan Chase narrowly avoided undercutting the low of its base Tuesday, setting a four-month closing low. JPMorgan Chase, fellow Dow stock Goldman Sachs, Bank of America and Morgan Stanley are all below their downwardly sloping 50-day moving averages, with Wells Fargo (WFC) under its 200-day for good measure. Relative strength lines, which track how stocks perform vs. the S&P 500, highlight how financials have lagged in 2017. JPMorgan's RS line has fallen to its lowest levels since Election Day, with other banks' RS lines showing similar weakness. Citigroup is an exception. Citi is just below a 62.63 buy point in a flat base, and is still in range from an aggressive entry at 60.89. Citi's RS line isn't great but has risen fractionally over the past four months. IBD'S TAKE: Every day the market is full of noise. So what should you focus on? IBD's Investing Action Plan highlights top earnings reports, stock near entries and key economic data for the coming day. In the latest action play, we highlight three stocks in buy range with earnings due Wednesday. Tax Cuts Sidelined A big reason why bank stocks, and the overall market, rallied on Trump's election was the prospect of tax cuts and other pro-growth measures. But Trump has been embroiled in troubles, distracting the White House and sapping his political capital. Republicans are divided on key issues, including how much to cut and how to offset the lost revenue, if at all. Wall Street appears to be pricing-out prospects for major tax reform, at least in 2017. Bank executives, and perhaps investors, are still hopeful that the Trump administration will ease financial regulatory burdens that limit lending and buybacks. Yield Curve Stronger economic growth should spur demand for loans, but it also should encourage higher interest rates and wider spreads between banks' short-term funding costs and long-term lending rates. Yield spreads widened after the election. But with the Federal Reserve raising short-term official rates and the 10-year Treasury yield sliding toward 2017 lows, the yield curve is the flattest in seven months. That's bad news for banks' net interest margins and not a great sign for the economy either. Long-Term Performance Bank stocks are going through a lull right now. Perhaps they'll turn around soon. But looking at long-term charts, bank stocks haven't really outperformed the S&P 500 for long stretches, even well-run operations such as JPMorgan. Bank stocks have had short-term outperformance, such as in last few months of 2016, but banks are not secular market leaders. If investors want to follow the market, buying a broad index mutual fund or ETF (with banks a significant part of the holdings) can do that without the sector risk. Overseas Trading Japan's Nikkei fell 0.1%. China's Shanghai composite, which had been closed on Tuesday, rose 0.2% after climbing much more earlier on a report indicating steady manufacturing growth. In Europe, the U.K.'s FTSE climbed 0.3% intraday, Germany's Dax 0.2% and France's CAC-40 edged higher. RELATED: Banks And Financial Stocks: Latest News And Analysis The Big Picture: Large Cap Techs Vs. Small Caps Two Major Chip Stocks Break Out To Buy Points While Another Tumbles Mixed Signals On Laptop Ban Leave Airline Stocks Twisting In The Wind ED CARSON | Facebook | @IBD_ECarson Share this: Related news Here's Why Bank Stocks Broke Key Support, Sinking Dow 5/31/2017 Dow components JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs and other bank stocks led markets lower on Wednesday after JPMorgan and BofA warned... 5/31/2017 Dow components JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs and other bank stocks... Dow Jones Industrial Average And Dow Stocks: News And Analysis Stocks Close In The Red; Banks Crumble On Slow JPMorgan Trade Revenue Trump's Paris Exit Could Backfire On U.S. Businesses Banks And Financial Stocks: Latest News And Analysis Stock Bounce Fades; Goldman Sags; This Tech Can't Quite Reach 1,000 Stocks Plunge Along With Oil Prices; This Retailer Plummets To 5-Year Low Industry News And Stocks To Watch Best Mutual Funds: News, Performance Reports And Investing Ideas Today's Spotlight IBD University Get the education and investing resources to make more money in the stock market. Check out more. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Austin (6/3) or Boston (6/10) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! Catch Today’s Breakouts Special webinar may be over, but the MarketSmith 30-day trial is still available for just $29.95. More News Boeing's Anti-Missile System Called 'Capable, Credible Deterrent' Here's Why Bank Stocks Broke Key Support, Sinking Dow The time to build an ark is when the sun is shining Promoted Content By Direxion Special Report Earnings Calendar, Analyst Estimates And Stocks To Watch Build your watch list and action plan with a look at stocks set to report. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pure Storage Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pure Storage Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Pure Storage Inc (PSTG) PT Raised to $13.00 May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Pure Storage Inc (NYSE:PSTG) had its price objective increased by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $10.50 to $13.00 in a research report sent to investors on Thursday morning. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a neutral rating on the technology company’s stock. Several other brokerages have also recently weighed in on PSTG. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc raised shares of Pure Storage from a neutral rating to a positive rating and upped their price target for the stock from $12.00 to $15.00 in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. set a $15.00 price target on shares of Pure Storage and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed an outperform rating and issued a $14.00 price target on shares of Pure Storage in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. OTR Global raised shares of Pure Storage to a positive rating in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Finally, Robert W. Baird reaffirmed a hold rating on shares of Pure Storage in a research report on Thursday, April 13th. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seventeen have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Pure Storage has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $15.23. Pure Storage (NYSE PSTG) opened at 13.06 on Thursday. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $10.94 and its 200-day moving average is $11.46. Pure Storage has a 52 week low of $9.12 and a 52 week high of $15.14. The company’s market cap is $2.69 billion. Pure Storage also was the recipient of unusually large options trading activity on Tuesday. Investors acquired 6,513 call options on the stock. This is an increase of approximately 382% compared to the typical volume of 1,351 call options. Pure Storage (NYSE:PSTG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 24th. The technology company reported ($0.14) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of ($0.22) by $0.08. Pure Storage had a negative net margin of 37.84% and a negative return on equity of 41.13%. The firm had revenue of $182.60 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $176.13 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned ($0.22) EPS. The company’s revenue was up 30.5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Pure Storage will post ($0.26) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Pure Storage Inc (PSTG) PT Raised to $13.00” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/pure-storage-inc-pstg-pt-raised-to-13-00.html. In other Pure Storage news, CFO Timothy Riitters sold 3,416 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $10.30, for a total transaction of $35,184.80. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 15,004 shares in the company, valued at approximately $154,541.20. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director Michelangelo Volpi sold 1,356,976 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $10.41, for a total transaction of $14,126,120.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 2,318,416 shares of company stock worth $23,913,989 in the last 90 days. 46.58% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Pure Storage by 3,403.9% in the first quarter. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. now owns 1,738,819 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $17,093,000 after buying an additional 1,689,194 shares during the last quarter. Point72 Asia Hong Kong Ltd raised its position in shares of Pure Storage by 34.7% in the first quarter. Point72 Asia Hong Kong Ltd now owns 13,815 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $136,000 after buying an additional 3,557 shares during the last quarter. Tudor Investment Corp ET AL bought a new position in shares of Pure Storage during the first quarter worth about $439,000. Think Investments LP bought a new position in shares of Pure Storage during the first quarter worth about $13,187,000. Finally, Highbridge Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Pure Storage by 382.8% in the first quarter. Highbridge Capital Management LLC now owns 167,742 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $1,649,000 after buying an additional 132,998 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 49.00% of the company’s stock. Pure Storage Company Profile Pure Storage, Inc provides a data platform. The Company is focused on delivering software-defined all-flash solutions that are fast and cloud-capable for customers, enabling customers to put data to work for their businesses. Its data platform replaces storage systems designed for mechanical disk with all-flash systems optimized end-to-end for solid-state memory. Receive News & Ratings for Pure Storage Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pure Storage Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Disruptor 50 Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective Lasting Legacy College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Suppliers fall if Apple has bad news, but this one could overcome a drastic iPhone slowdown Saheli Roy Choudhury | @sahelirc Tuesday, 30 May 2017 | 11:44 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Taiwanese manufacturer Hon Hai Precision Industry earns a notable chunk of revenue from assembling iPhones, leaving it exposed to swings in demand for Apple smartphones. But the company's ability to do high volume, value-added manufacturing at a reasonable cost may cushion it from any potential slowdown in demand for iPhones in the long term, a JPMorgan analyst told CNBC. It is expected to assemble the bulk of Apple's newest smartphones due later this year, and may benefit from a supercycle. "Hon Hai, at the end of the day, is a process company," said Gokul Hariharan, Asia tech analyst and head of Taiwan equity research at JPMorgan. "If you look at the history of Hon Hai over the last 20 years, product cycle has not really mattered as much." Sean Gallup | Getty Images He explained the company has always tried to run a vertically integrated business model, where it started with connectors and other components business before going into assembly in mid-to-late 90s. First Hon Hai assembled desktops when they were still the main tech product; then it moved into game consoles, feature phones with Motorola and Nokia, and music players for Apple before moving onto smartphones. "So all along, the skill set they're providing is high volume manufacturing at a very reasonable cost and very strong execution," Hariharan said, adding the manufacturer also brings in a fair bit of technology elements into its offering. "Which is why it feels like it may not be very directly linked to product cycles in the long term." Along the way, Hon Hai added some components businesses to their operations in an attempt to maximize the value, in terms of dollar content, within any product they assemble, according to Hariharan. Last year's acquisition of troubled Japanese electronics maker Sharp meant Hon Hai now had access to two major components of a smartphone: camera modules and display. These two functionalities are usually expected to be upgraded by smartphone vendors, even when other features of handsets may remain the same. "If you look at most tech products, display is typically one of the largest cost items in terms of components," Hariharan said. Japanese business daily Nikkei reported in January that Hon Hai and Sharp were mulling over building a factory in China — where the iPhones are assembled — to make OLED display panels. The proximity could theoretically reduce components cost for making the iPhone. The next generation of iPhones are expected to come with OLED display and currently Samsung Display will provide the bulk of these panels for Apple. show chapters Cramer: iPhone 8 cycle will be a big one    Monday, 22 May 2017 | 9:16 AM ET | 01:49 Reuters reported that Hon Hai and Sharp have teamed up to bid for Toshiba's prized memory chip business. Hariharan said a potential move into the semiconductor business was underpinned by the fact that Hon Hai made close to 20 to 25 percent in revenue from enterprise and cloud; the company assembles servers, storage elements and switches for tech companies and enterprise is a big driver for NAND flash, he added. The other two major contract electronics manufacturers that assemble iPhones — Pegatron and Wistron — also remain exposed to Apple, at least in the short term. Wistron is a latecomer to the assembly equation and handles mostly the older iPhones. Hariharan said JPMorgan has a conservative view on Wistron because the company is still making the transition from producing lower-end handsets to the most advanced; it needs to build up capacity to handle the high volume seen in the first quarter of new iPhone launches, where Apple can sell more than 10 million units on the opening weekend. "If you're not a vendor who is able to support that volume ramp in that period, then you never get peak volume for your capacity," he said. Meanwhile, some of Apple's more specialized suppliers — who provide components such as camera modules — remain well-hedged in their business because they serve the global smartphone market — meaning, they were also selling into other smartphone brands. For example Samsung or SK Hynix supply memory to majority of the smartphone brands. "They don't have the same level of cyclicality," said Hariharan, but they don't enjoy the same benefits from a surge in demand for iPhones. "They won't have the same upside when you have a very strong iPhone cycle, in terms of their revenues and profits." show chapters Apple, Samsung lose market share to Chinese phone makers    Tuesday, 23 May 2017 | 4:25 PM ET | 01:03 For the moment, Hariharan expects the dynamics between Apple and its suppliers to remain in the short term: this means iPhone assemblers like Hon Hai, Pegatron and Wistron will stay exposed to the iPhone product cycle and their revenues will swing accordingly. But in the longer term, if smartphones are replaced by something bigger, Hariharan said a company with a vertically integrated business model such as Hon Hai could be the partner of choice to assemble it. JPMorgan's price target for Hon Hai by year-end is NT$112 ($3.72). On Wednesday morning at 10:40 a.m. HK/SIN, Hon Hai shares traded at NT$104. Saheli Roy ChoudhuryReporter, CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change 66 --- 3231-TW --- 4938-TW --- 6753.T --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TherapeuticsMD Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TherapeuticsMD Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research TherapeuticsMD Inc (TXMD) Position Maintained by Redmond Asset Management LLC May 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Redmond Asset Management LLC continued to hold its position in shares of TherapeuticsMD Inc (NASDAQ:TXMD) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 98,555 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Redmond Asset Management LLC’s holdings in TherapeuticsMD were worth $569,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of TherapeuticsMD by 2.5% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,725,853 shares of the company’s stock valued at $98,827,000 after buying an additional 329,245 shares during the last quarter. OppenheimerFunds Inc. increased its position in shares of TherapeuticsMD by 2.4% in the first quarter. OppenheimerFunds Inc. now owns 1,460,315 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,514,000 after buying an additional 33,906 shares during the last quarter. Sphera Funds Management LTD. purchased a new position in shares of TherapeuticsMD during the first quarter valued at about $4,176,000. Stifel Financial Corp increased its position in shares of TherapeuticsMD by 125.4% in the first quarter. Stifel Financial Corp now owns 429,362 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,091,000 after buying an additional 238,885 shares during the last quarter. Finally, American International Group Inc. increased its position in shares of TherapeuticsMD by 7.1% in the first quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 92,415 shares of the company’s stock valued at $665,000 after buying an additional 6,103 shares during the last quarter. TherapeuticsMD Inc (NASDAQ:TXMD) traded down 3.52% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $3.84. 1,477,803 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $4.79 and its 200-day moving average price is $5.90. The stock’s market capitalization is $783.08 million. TherapeuticsMD Inc has a 52 week low of $3.50 and a 52 week high of $9.29. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright law. The original version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/30/therapeuticsmd-inc-txmd-position-maintained-by-redmond-asset-management-llc.html. Several equities analysts recently issued reports on TXMD shares. Stifel Nicolaus reissued a “buy” rating and set a $20.00 price objective on shares of TherapeuticsMD in a research note on Wednesday, May 24th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reissued a “market perform” rating and set a $12.00 price objective on shares of TherapeuticsMD in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of TherapeuticsMD from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, May 12th. Cantor Fitzgerald reissued an “overweight” rating and set a $33.00 price objective on shares of TherapeuticsMD in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Finally, CIBC reissued a “market perform” rating and set a $12.00 price objective on shares of TherapeuticsMD in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $19.25. TherapeuticsMD Company Profile TherapeuticsMD, Inc is a women’s healthcare company engaged in creating and commercializing products for women. The Company is focused on pursuing regulatory approvals and pre-commercialization activities necessary for commercialization of its hormone therapy pharmaceutical products. Its drug candidates used in clinical trials are designed to alleviate symptoms of and reduce health risks resulting from menopause-related hormone deficiencies, including hot flashes, osteoporosis and vaginal discomfort. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TXMD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TherapeuticsMD Inc (NASDAQ:TXMD). Receive News & Ratings for TherapeuticsMD Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TherapeuticsMD Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Home Home Bloomberg Businessweek Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Photographer: David Cabrera for Bloomberg Businessweek London’s Brexit Apocalypse Is Nowhere in Sight A year after the Leave vote, Britain’s capital is scheming to dominate global finance, Europe be damned. by Matthew Campbell @MattCampbel More stories by Matthew Campbell June 1, 2017, 12:01 AM EDT From Subscribe Reprints Thirty years ago, London’s Isle of Dogs was a barren expanse of abandoned wharves and crumbling warehouses, never recovered from the wartime attentions of the Luftwaffe. Even the names of nearby boat basins were reminders of Britain’s lost empire and postwar decline: the West and East India docks. George Iacobescu arrived in 1988, sent to oversee what at the time seemed like a bold, verging-on-insane idea: the creation of a financial district that would supplant the winding lanes and low-slung stone of the City, London’s traditional banking hub. Maintaining the City’s historical character and its views of St. Paul’s Cathedral made building skyscrapers there all but impossible then. Canary Wharf, as the development would be called, would offer bright, modern office towers and cutting-edge telecommunications, allowing London to compete with New York as a center of global finance. For the first few years, Canary Wharf looked like a colossal failure. Then, in the late 1990s, it began taking off, slowly at first and soon with dizzying speed—transformed, like London as a whole, by the power of international finance. On the 30th floor of its tallest skyscraper, Romanian-born Iacobescu, now the chief executive officer of Canary Wharf Group Plc, beams with pride as he surveys his domain, where 100,000 workers arrive every weekday at Chevron, HSBC, Intel, and JPMorgan Chase, among others. In an adjacent room, a forest of architectural models the size of small children shows its 16 million square feet of towers, malls, and underground rail links. Iacobescu gravitates to one in particular, illustrating the plans for a new district under construction east of the original site. Canary Wharf has changed so much that now people want to live there, and its tallest building will be residential. “The Chinese look at Canary Wharf and they say, ‘This is how cities should work,’ ” Iacobescu boasts. “The world wants to come here.” Perhaps, though, not as much as it did a little more than a year ago. The city that breathed life into Canary Wharf faces a fight for its future. Last June pollsters and investors confidently ruled out the possibility that British voters would decide to leave the European Union. The morning after 52 percent of them rebuked everything Canary Wharf stands for by voting to leave, the pound plunged to its lowest level in 30 years. By 9 a.m., Prime Minister David Cameron had announced his resignation. Within weeks, banks such as Goldman Sachs Group and JPMorgan were weighing how many staff they would have to relocate to Frankfurt or Dublin, threatening the engine of London’s $490 billion economy. Airlines slashed flights, universities reported plunging European applications, and—truly shocking—house prices slid. Its economic foundations under assault, the idea that London could ever, as then-Mayor Boris Johnson suggested in 2012, be the “capital of the world” sounded suddenly like a bad joke. At the rate things were going, the city would be lucky to even stay the capital of the United Kingdom if the Scots made good on renewed threats to secede. And that was before a pair of recent terror attacks—a March vehicle assault on Westminster Bridge and a suicide bomb on May 22 at Manchester Arena, which killed 22 people—gave London another reason to be on edge. “The Chinese look at Canary Wharf and they say, ‘This is how cities should work’ ” But while the ubiquity of the “Keep Calm and Carry On” mantra may have diluted the brand a little, that’s exactly what London is doing. A loose grouping of London business and political leaders has coalesced to make the case that with the right mix of policies, the city’s economy can thrive despite Brexit. Earlier this year, TheCityUK, the main lobbying group for the all-important financial industry, called leaving the EU “a once-in-a-generation opportunity” to reorient trade and investment links to new markets. Mayor Sadiq Khan is using the tumult to try to wrest more autonomy over transport, infrastructure, and perhaps even immigration. And the booming tech sector is pushing to turn the crisis into an opportunity to overhaul regulations to make the U.K. the preferred jurisdiction for testing uncharted inventions. Those plans are taking shape in an environment of continued political turbulence. Cameron’s Conservative Party successor, Theresa May, is fighting an unexpectedly fierce battle in the June 8 general election against Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn. After a series of missteps by May and her advisers—including a perceived U-turn on a key plank of her party’s manifesto on social care—her once seemingly unassailable lead is under threat as voters fret about her ability to deliver a “strong and stable” Britain. M by Montcalm, a hotel near the Silicon Roundabout. Photographer: Barry Lewis/In Pictures/Getty Images May is still expected to win a majority of seats, and whatever the U.K.’s immediate political future, economic apocalypse is nowhere in sight. More skyscrapers are under construction than ever, and residential asking prices have hit a record. Amazon.com, Facebook, and Google have announced major expansions of their London footprints since last summer, the latter becoming a principal tenant in a massive redevelopment of the once slightly seedy King’s Cross neighborhood. Next year the ribbon will be cut on the Elizabeth Line, or Crossrail, a 13-mile, ultrahigh-capacity express subway linking Heathrow to the heart of the city and beyond. The airport itself is midway through an ambitious expansion, with shiny new terminals largely complete and a long-contested third runway finally moving forward. Indeed, what some supporters of the “Remain” camp warned of seems to be coming to pass: The places likeliest to suffer badly from Brexit are the U.K.’s troubled industrial heartlands, regions that overwhelmingly supported leaving but have far less ability to adapt to its effects than the dynamic capital. London “has a global and particularly European competitive advantage that has been built over decades,” says John McFarlane, the chairman of banking group Barclays Plc. “It cannot be replicated easily in other centers.” It’s impossible to overstate the intensity of the U.K.’s ties with the rest of Europe, and those pulling for London still have deep concerns about what’s to come. Nonetheless, as Iacobescu’s experience at Canary Wharf shows, the global metropolis that’s contemporary London didn’t just spring fully formed from the damp Thames clay. It had to be made, by people, capital, and policies. That means it can be remade, too. By the turn of the 21st century, London was the economic center of Europe. Ambitious Scandinavian bankers, German architects, and Italian lawyers arrived in droves, able to move to the U.K. without so much as filling out a form, thanks to the EU’s free-movement rules. At one point, Mayor Johnson claimed there were a quarter-million French citizens in the capital, more than in the city of Bordeaux. It’s not exactly verifiable, but the fact that many Europeans accepted it as received wisdom served as further evidence of London’s dominance. At the same time, the city prospered from the expansion of emerging markets. It was where the multiplying elites from Russia, Saudi Arabia, India, and elsewhere came to spend their money, educate their children, start fashion lines, and occasionally race their custom Lamborghinis through the streets of Knightsbridge. As its internationalization intensified, the city came increasingly unmoored from the country as a whole, as if it had achieved escape velocity from the very idea of national borders. Many businesspeople use the U.K. “as a place to do business from, not necessarily to do business in,” says John Browne, former CEO of BP Plc, who now leads a Russian-backed global investment fund from offices in—where else?—London. The city’s success had many ingredients. The English language helped, as did a legal system of impartial courts and enforceable contracts, elite universities, and a tolerant attitude toward foreigners that dates back centuries. (It was London that gave Karl Marx a place from which to unpack capitalism’s evils after Germany, Belgium, and France expelled him.) Less talked about, but essential, is a degree of semi-deliberate government indifference to the precise sources of money flowing in from Moscow, the Middle East, and elsewhere—a stance unimaginable in the more prosecutorial U.S. That’s made investing in London far more attractive to emerging-country oligarchs eager to avoid taking chances with the IRS and U.S. Department of Justice. Despite London’s global appeal, the U.K.’s European status also has offered huge advantages. The EU is the destination for almost half of U.K. exports and the source of the same proportion of foreign direct investment. EU law allows a bank established in any member state to operate freely in any of the others, an advantage that U.S. and Asian lenders used to locate their European headquarters overwhelmingly in the U.K. Despite being outside the euro zone, the City came to dominate the market for euro-denominated derivatives, worth hundreds of billions of dollars daily, and to rival New York as the heart of investment banking and trading of all kinds. Just a mile up the road, a tech sector clustered around the ugly junction half-jokingly called Silicon Roundabout thrived as well, sustained by City investment and workers from throughout Europe and beyond. The victory of the nationalist Brexit campaign seemed to put all this at risk. How great a risk is hard to say. Some financial jobs will almost certainly have to relocate to meet EU regulatory requirements, depending on the shape of a final settlement with Brussels, and banks are making contingency plans. Estimates range from as few as 4,000 or so, according to management consultant Oliver Wyman, to a worst-case scenario of 232,000 detailed by Xavier Rolet, CEO of the London Stock Exchange Group, in January to a parliamentary committee. In other words, no one has a clue. “A place to do business from, not necessarily to do business in” How can London be saved from the worst predictions? As it happens, in addition to the Little England fantasies of cream teas and village cricket with which the “Leave” vote was often associated, there was always a liberal vision for Brexit, espoused by Johnson and others. The plan was a form of doubling down. Broadly, it entailed making the post-EU U.K. a sort of giant, cold Singapore—rabidly pro-capital, lightly taxed, and hospitable to innovation. The Brexit twist: a focus on connecting tightly to emerging markets. Within the EU, the U.K. benefited from the bloc’s network of trade agreements but was prohibited from negotiating any on its own. Now, the slightly wishful theory goes, it can do so with enthusiasm and speed—while winning a post-Brexit deal that preserves access to the EU’s huge economy. May began earlier this year to at least pay lip service to this notion of “Global Britain” and got away with it, despite the apparent desire of half the country’s citizens for exactly the opposite, in part by stoking a bit of indirect nostalgia for the bygone age of empire. Speaking in January to top-tier investors and CEOs at the World Economic Forum in Davos, she pledged to make the U.K. “the strongest and most forceful advocate for business, free markets, and free trade anywhere in the world.” If May follows through, implementing that vision shouldn’t, theoretically, be too difficult. The U.K. has a highly centralized system of government in which American-style gridlock is a virtual impossibility. Within reason, what the prime minister wants, she gets. Her government has already hinted that if it receives an unfavorable deal in negotiations with Brussels, it could retaliate by slashing its corporate tax rate—which at 19 percent is already far lower than those of the U.S., France, and Germany—to poach companies from neighboring countries. The U.K. has a track record of this sort of thing. Fiat Chrysler, Liberty Global, Aon, and other businesses, attracted by low taxes, have relocated operations to London in recent years. City Hall, the “glass gonad.” Photographer: Dinendra Haria/REX/Shutterstock One of the architects of London’s emergence as a financial capital is among those urging May to make some version of Global Britain a reality. Lord Nigel Lawson of Blaby, now 85 and ensconced in the oak-paneled sanctum of the House of Lords, oversaw the “Big Bang”—the U.K.’s sudden move to deregulate financial services—as chancellor of the Exchequer under Margaret Thatcher. He figured that a gradual removal of rules that benefited incumbents would foment too much opposition, so the decision was made to implement the changes on a single day in October 1986. It opened up the London Stock Exchange, previously run something like a not-very-lively gentlemen’s club, to a rush of overseas capital and brainpower. Sitting in an overstuffed red leather chair in one of the Palace of Westminster’s ubiquitous private bars, morning sun streaming in from the Thames through tall, neo-Gothic windows, Lawson advocates a similarly aggressive approach for prospering from Brexit. He rejects the charge that he’s anti-European; after all, he says, he lives most of the time at his country estate in southwest France, flying in to Heathrow for Lords debates. “London’s success owes nothing whatever to being in the European Union,” Lawson says, as if it should be obvious, but rather to “this huge collection of expertise” in finance and related industries that he argues will never pick up and go. The picture he paints of post-Brexit Britain is of a nation shorn of unhelpful multilateral entanglements, with “complete autonomy over our tax system,” which “should be, en principe, a low-tax system.” He speaks optimistically of restructuring immigration to remove the current distinction whereby bricklayers from Slovenia face no visa restrictions, yet American Ph.D.s must fill out miles of forms and cross their fingers—treating “citizens from anywhere in the world on an equal basis.” And proving the notion that to scratch a Brexiteer is to quickly uncover fond memories of the last time there was such a thing as Global Britain, Lawson says that as Europe’s economy stagnates, “it’s the emerging world which is really going places. And a large part of the emerging world is the former empire”—India, Nigeria, Malaysia, and so on, with which Britain still enjoys close cultural and political ties. Indeed, there’s an argument to be made that the emerging economies need London as a stable venue for making deals and protecting assets. For its part, TheCityUK has suggested reimagining trade deals to focus on the sale of services, which the U.K. exports in spades, rather than just goods, which are less important to its economy. Another possibility being floated in the City: scrapping or loosening the EU-imposed cap on bonuses for bankers. Limiting windfalls to twice a person’s fixed pay, the gap is understandably unpopular there. The tech industry has also been active. In December a collection of local players, including Skype co-founder Niklas Zennstrom and Sonali De Rycker of venture capital company Accel, wrote an open letter to May calling on her to preserve maximum access to the EU’s “single market” and to provide automatic visas for tech graduates as part of a post-Brexit immigration strategy. The group had other, more unusual suggestions. The most eye-catching was that the U.K. should engage in “regulatory arbitrage” for technologies such as drones and blockchain. In the words of Mattias Ljungman of venture firm Atomico, which he co-founded with Zennstrom, the country could use its nimble system of government to become a “neutral zone” for testing ideas that other places restrict. There are some indications this is already happening. The U.K.’s main financial watchdog has created a “regulatory sandbox” that allows fintech firms to do real-world tests of products that normal rules might not allow. And Amazon is conducting trials of its delivery-by-drone program near Cambridge after complaining the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration wasn’t moving fast enough to change American flight rules. The task of marshaling these forces has fallen to Mayor Khan. The 46-year-old’s biography couldn’t be further from the usual Eton-and-Oxbridge CV of British politics. His parents were immigrants from Pakistan who raised Khan and his seven siblings in public housing. After university he became a lawyer, working on racial discrimination and police brutality cases, before entering Parliament in 2005. Last year he became the first Muslim mayor of a major Western capital. Khan is often discussed as a future prime minister, and his political standing is in direct contrast to his physical presence. He’s quite short, and the navy blue suits he wears—always without a tie—as an unvarying uniform can look at least half a size too big. At one recent event, a photo op with high school students who towered over him, Khan’s dark-brown leather belt was cinched to the sixth notch. The mayor’s first year at City Hall, a riverside orb that Johnson dubbed “the glass gonad,” has been consumed by the fallout of the referendum. Like a lawyer making arguments before an all-powerful judge, he’s relentlessly made the case to business leaders not to give up on London and sought to counter the Britain-first message of Brexit with a nonstop calendar of speeches, international trade missions, and slickly produced ads showing off the city’s diversity. There’s substance behind the marketing blitz. To protect London’s appeal, Khan is pursuing even more heavy-duty infrastructure, including Crossrail 2, another massive rail line through the heart of the city. He’s also suggested the creation of a “London visa,” whereby a foreigner with a job offer from a local company could be given permission to live and work in the capital and not elsewhere. That’s not as crazy as it sounds. Canada and Australia have regional visa policies for some migrants. And it’s hard to argue with the idea’s inherent logic. Unlike much of the rest of the country, diverse London has no problem with newcomers. What these prescriptions for a vibrant metropolis all share is a focus on talent, a conviction that London can’t hope to succeed without brainy immigrants. Politically, that happens to be the most difficult item on the wish list to deliver. The Brexit vote was widely interpreted by politicians as a backlash against immigration, and May has said repeatedly that gaining control of the borders—i.e., ending freedom of movement for European citizens—is a nonnegotiable red line for her government in talks with its European counterparts. What will replace the open-door policy is anyone’s guess. So, too, is the evolution of the current, less permissive system for non-EU workers. While May in January said that “openness to international talent must remain one of this country’s most distinctive assets,” she’s not a likely candidate to champion a relaxed approach. In her previous role as home secretary, she was the public face of a pledge, never fulfilled but recently reiterated as Conservative policy, to reduce annual inflows to the “tens of thousands.” Despite pleas from business groups and members of her own party, she’s also refused to formally guarantee that EU citizens already in the U.K., who number in the millions, will be able to stay—even though no one realistically expects any other outcome. “If you really want to understand what’s behind the success of London, it’s that the city is a powerful magnet for international talent. It’s all based on people,” says Gregor Irwin, the chief economist at political consultant Global Counsel. Politicians who want to preserve that will have to contend, he says, “with a prime minister who’s still hellbent on bringing down the overall numbers.” Free trade and a permissive attitude to technological disruption weren’t what, say, underemployed pipe fitters in Stoke-on-Trent had in mind when they voted for Brexit. Telling them the country must continue to prioritize the interests of footloose international capital to prosper is a lot to ask of May, who leans more populist than many Conservatives. Perhaps more daunting, a swashbuckling, neo-Elizabethan vision of a Britain dedicated to conquering new markets ignores that U.K. companies have prioritized the giant bloc on their doorstep for decades. As an alternative, reorienting the economy toward emerging markets would mean “a quantum shift in terms of our trade strategy,” says Martin Sorrell, CEO of London-based advertising giant WPP Plc. If the U.K. loses its links to the EU and fails to develop ones with other regions, the risk is that “we become an isolated island instead of a connected one,” he says. As London’s business elites weigh how to sell politicians on their vision, what they view as sensible economic policy can feel hard to reconcile with the demands of an angry populace. On a chilly early March evening, a crowd of bankers, corporate executives, and diplomats filed past a military string ensemble in formal red uniforms as a crier in an elaborate sash shouted entering guests’ names. The occasion was the annual Business and Investment Dinner at Mansion House, the City’s ceremonial heart—a Palladian pile that since the 1700s has been where deals are struck, successes are celebrated, and postprandial port is passed to the diner on one’s left. “The pound is down,” began the grace as guests sat down to smoked-and-peppered mackerel terrine. But “stocks are up, so let us be thankful as we sup.” As dinner moved on past the roast rib-eye served with mushroom panna cotta and a full-bodied 2001 Pessac-Léognan, Lord Mayor Andrew Parmley, the City’s official leader, rose to address the subject on everyone’s mind. Next to him was Business Secretary Greg Clark, a member of May’s cabinet responsible for economic policy, representing the national government. “Free trade, ambition, openness to new ideas, techniques, and talent,” Parmley recited, glancing occasionally at his neighbor. “They can power the future success of what is, what has always been, and indeed in my opinion always will be, the world’s greatest city.” It was meant as a confident affirmation of the obvious. Instead, it sounded a little like a plea. Canary Wharf. Photographer: Incamerastock/Alamy Stock Photo At Canary Wharf, Iacobescu talks up London’s advantages with the zeal of a convert, which he is—before he arrived, he lived in Toronto and then New York, helping build the World Financial Center. “Why are all the institutions here?” he asks. “Because of the language, because of the regulatory regime, because of the time zone, because of the infrastructure, because of the know-how. All these things haven’t disappeared.” Banks and companies that depend on them, he says, have no intention of abandoning a city that helped make them rich. Yet even the optimism of a man whose job it is to sell London to the world has its limits. As Iacobescu circumnavigates his largest architectural model of the district, reciting from memory the addresses of companies such as Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse, and American Express, one tower makes him wince slightly: the European Medicines Agency, the EU equivalent of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, a major Canary Wharf tenant. Like every other EU institution with a U.K. presence, it will almost surely soon depart, perhaps for Milan, perhaps Copenhagen. It’s a small example of an important reality: If London is no longer the “gateway to Europe,” he says, losing growth to Frankfurt, Paris, or New York is inevitable. While Iacobescu believes in London as much as anyone, he concedes that without enlightened leadership, its strengths may not be enough to overcome harsh political reality. “London is a great city,” he says. “But the effort should be to keep it the capital of the world.” —With Stephen Morris   Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Thu, Jun 01 2017. 10 31 AM IST JPMorgan, Bank of America trading revenue on pace to drop at least 10% JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Bank of America said June quarter trading revenue may drop at least 10% because tranquil markets are curbing demand Subscribe to our newsletter. Hugh SonDakin Campbell Markets revenue at JPMorgan was down about 15% in April and May from a year earlier, driven by a slump in fixed income. Photo: Bloomberg New York: JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Bank of America, the two biggest US banks, said June-quarter trading revenue is on pace to drop at least 10% because tranquil markets are curbing demand. Bank shares slid after the revenue updates and led the Dow Jones Industrial Average lower. Markets revenue at JPMorgan was down about 15% in April and May from a year earlier, driven by a slump in fixed income, chief financial officer Marianne Lake said Wednesday at an investor conference in New York. At Bank of America, revenue from the business will be 10% to 12% lower, though first-half results should be stronger, chief executive officer Brian Moynihan said at a separate event. A top Goldman Sachs Group Inc. executive agreed that clients’ trading remains “subdued,” while, on Thursday in Beijing, Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman indicated his firm is seeing a similar trend. Analysts at JPMorgan warned this month that revenue at the world’s biggest investment banks is likely to drop in the second quarter because of the decline in fixed income. The UK’s exit from the European Union and Donald Trump’s surprise election win had been fuelling wagers on corporate bonds and the direction of interest rates over the past year, boosting Wall Street trading results. Those types of stimulants have been more scarce in recent months. “There haven’t been that many idiosyncratic events, and we need a few more of them,” Lake said. “As a sweeping generalization, low rates, a more cautious outlook on rates, and low volatility have led to low client flows and a generally quiet, subdued and challenging trading environment.” In rates trading, clients are cautious because of conflicting signs from unemployment and inflation data, Lake said. In corporate bonds, “people have cash but no conviction” as spreads are tight, she said. Equities, corporate derivatives and the prime brokerage were sources of strength in the quarter, she said. “Client activities, which were more subdued in the first (March) quarter, have in these first two months, continued in a comparable fashion in the second (June) quarter,” David Solomon, Goldman Sachs’s co-president, said at the same conference, declining to project the impact on the firm’s revenue. Shares of Goldman Sachs fell 3.3% to a six-month low of $211.26 in New York on Wednesday, while JPMorgan slid 2.1% to $82.15. The pair were the day’s worst performers in the Dow. Bank of America, which isn’t in the index, dropped 2.2% to $22.41. At JPMorgan, the last three quarters of 2016 generated record trading revenue, so the comparisons this year are harder for traders to live up to, Lake said. “If I look to June, I don’t see any particular reason for that to change,” Lake said. “But anything can happen in a month.” Speaking to Bloomberg Television in Beijing on Thursday, Morgan Stanley’s Gorman said the estimates from JPMorgan and Bank of America reflect the reality in the present trading environment. “I don’t think we’re very different,” he said. “We all have similar clients, if not the same clients.” “There is enormous uncertainty which typically would breed tremendous volatility and it’s not,” Gorman said. “It’s this very passive perspective that investors have and I think the downside risk at this point is outweighing the upside risk.” When it comes to mergers and acquisitions, uncertainties over European elections and US tax reform have led corporate executives to be cautious, Solomon said. That’s despite steady growth and a competitive environment that encourages CEOs to act. As a result, he expects a “reasonable pace” for deals, and said the environment has felt a little better in the past month or two than it did earlier in the year. Separately, analysts also asked about expense discipline. Goldman Sachs chief financial officer Marty Chavez, speaking at the same event as Solomon, told investors that when the firm’s revenue does climb, compensation will rise at a slower rate. Bank of America will take a charge of about $300 million to speed up data-center consolidation, and will report $125 million in severance, about double what’s typical, Moynihan said. The expenses are part of the firm’s goal of cutting total annual costs to $53 billion by the end of 2018. “We’re trying to accelerate opportunities, and so this quarter we’ll do a couple things to push some stuff through and really position us to make that $53 billion without a problem,” he said. Bloomberg Hugh SonDakin Campbell Topics: JP Morgan Bank of America Marianne Lake trading revenue Morgan Stanley More From Livemint READ MORE Internet Trends Report highlights India’s mobile obsession, Reliance Jio disruption Sanjiv Singh replaces B. Ashok as IOC chairman Maruti sales rise 11% in May at 136,962 units First Published: Thu, Jun 01 2017. 10 31 AM IST Editor's Picks The Indian economy finally bares its demonetisation scars Jammu and Kashmir: Indian Army kills five Pakistani soldiers in LoC strike Start-ups @ 10: A decade of disruption Latest News Sanjiv Singh replaces B. Ashok as IOC chairman Maruti sales rise 11% in May at 136,962 units India’s factory growth slows to three-month low in May as new orders soften Narendra Modi to meet Vladimir Putin today, nuclear power deal in focus How Rana Daggubati helped take ‘Baahubali 2’ across India Mint On Sunday When Krishna danced to the Beatles in Vegas If the world’s fate rested on a cricket match, who would make the team? The myth that is the Indian liberal Letter from... a place where people don't tweet World records: Separating true achievement from mere novelties Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper JPMorgan, BofA trading revenue on pace to drop at least 10% Bank of America said revenue from the business will be 10 per cent to 12 per cent lower, though first-half results should be stronger.PHOTO: AFP Published4 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4LN8 Copy NEW YORK (BLOOMBERG) - JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America, the two biggest United States banks, said second-quarter trading revenue is on pace to drop at least 10 per cent because tranquil markets are curbing demand. Bank shares slid after the revenue updates and led the Dow Jones Industrial Average lower. Markets revenue at JPMorgan was down about 15 per cent in April and May from a year earlier, driven by a slump in fixed income, chief financial officer Marianne Lake said Wednesday at an investor conference in New York. At Bank of America, revenue from the business will be 10 per cent to 12 per cent lower, though first-half results should be stronger, CEO Brian Moynihan said at a separate event. A top Goldman Sachs Group executive agreed that clients' trading remains "subdued", while, on Thursday in Beijing, Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman indicated his firm is seeing a similar trend. Analysts at JPMorgan warned this month that revenue at the world's biggest investment banks is likely to drop in the second quarter because of the decline in fixed income. The United Kingdom's exit from the European Union and Donald Trump's surprise election win had been fueling wagers on corporate bonds and the direction of interest rates over the past year, boosting Wall Street trading results. Those types of stimulants have been more scarce in recent months. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up "There haven't been that many idiosyncratic events, and we need a few more of them," Ms Lake said. "As a sweeping generalization, low rates, a more cautious outlook on rates, and low volatility have led to low client flows and a generally quiet, subdued and challenging trading environment." In rates trading, clients are cautious because of conflicting signs from unemployment and inflation data, Ms Lake said. In corporate bonds, "people have cash but no conviction" as spreads are tight, she said. Equities, corporate derivatives and the prime brokerage were sources of strength in the quarter, she said. "Client activities, which were more subdued in the first quarter, have in these first two months, continued in a comparable fashion in the second quarter," David Solomon, Goldman Sachs's co-president, said at the same conference, declining to project the impact on the firm's revenue. Shares of Goldman Sachs fell 3.3 per cent to a six-month low of US$211.26 in New York on Wednesday, while JPMorgan slid 2.1 per cent to US$82.15. The pair were the day's worst performers in the Dow. Bank of America, which isn't in the index, dropped 2.2 per cent to US$22.41. Topics:  BANKS AND FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS STOCKS AND SHARES More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4LN8 Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content lg_a125972_2017may29_strosnative.jpg LG OLED TV vs. Conventional TVs: What’s the difference? starhub-french-open_st-native_300x200.jpg 7 tennis stars you’ll need to know when you watch the French Open ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Cricket World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessMarkets Jun 01, 2017 07:21 AM IST | Source: Moneycontrol.com What changed for the market while you were sleeping? 10 things to know A look at top cues from the domestic and international markets that could have a bearing on D-Street on Thursday. Kshitij Anand Moneycontrol News The Nifty is likely to open flat on Thursday, tracking muted handover from Wall Street. The index closed flat, but with a negative bias at 9,621 on Wednesday. But during the session, it hit a fresh record high of 9,649.60. The index failed to sustain at a higher level and pared most of its intraday gains to close in negative which made a small bearish candle on the daily candlestick charts, after rallying for four straight sessions. If the index manages to defend 9,600 this week, bullish momentum remains intact, but a close below this level could fuel further profit booking decline. Traders are advised to lighten up long positions if Nifty slips below 9,580-9,600, suggest experts. Stay tuned with Moneycontrol to find out what happens in currency and equity markets today. We have collated a list of important headlines from across news agencies. GDP expands at 7.1% in FY17 The Indian economy grew at 7.1 percent in 2016-17, the government said in new estimates on Wednesday, identical to the expansion projected in February, but slower than the previous year’s 8 percent growth. A 6.1 percent growth in January-March quarter, however, indicated that the economy is still smarting under the demonetisation shock that the sudden flush out of high-value notes and restricted cash access had caused on household spending and corporate investment. SGX Nifty The Nifty futures on the Singapore Stock Exchange were trading 8 points lower at 9,629 indicating a flat opening for the domestic market. Wall Street ends flat US stocks closed flat as financials dropped after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness. JPMorgan blamed lower volatility for a 15 percent decline in trading revenue in the current quarter compared with last year, while Bank of America said trading revenue in the second quarter was on track to be 10 to 12 percent lower than last year, said a Reuters report. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 20.82 points, or 0.1 percent, to 21,008.65, the S&P 500 lost 1.1 points, or 0.05 percent, to 2,411.81 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 4.67 points, or 0.08 percent, to 6,198.52. Petrol price hiked by Rs 1.23/litre, diesel by 89 paise Petrol price was today hiked by Rs 1.23 per litre and diesel by 89 paise a litre in sync with rising international fuel rates. Petrol price in Delhi will cost Rs 66.91 per litre as against Rs 65.32 a litre. Similarly, a litre of diesel will be priced at Rs 5.94, as compared to Rs 54.90 at present. Delhi Assembly passes state GST bill The Delhi Assembly today passed the state Goods and Services Tax (GST) Bill even as Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal pitched for capping the tax rate at a maximum of 10 percent, said a report. A special session of the Assembly, which saw clashes between a few AAP MLAs and sacked minister Kapil Mishra, cleared the bill following an extensive discussion while also adopting a resolution on lowering tax slabs. Government meets 3.5% fiscal deficit target in 2016-17 The government on Wednesday said it has achieved the fiscal deficit target of 3.5 percent of GDP in 2016-17. For 2017-18, the government aims to further bring down the fiscal deficit gap between expenditure and revenue up to 3.2 percent, said a report. "Fiscal deficit is 3.51 percent of GDP or Rs 5.35 lakh crore in 2016-17," the Controller General of Accounts (CGA) said while releasing the provisional accounts for the last financial year. Dollar wobbles on U.S. political tension The dollar slid to two-week lows against the yen and a more than one-week trough versus the euro amid growing political tension in Washington said a report. Against a basket of major currencies, the dollar ended the month with its largest monthly percentage loss since January. The dollar was down 0.1 percent at 110.67 yen after earlier falling to two-week lows. The euro was up 0.5 percent at $1.1236, while the dollar index fell 0.3 percent to 96.99. India, Spain sign 7 agreements India and Spain on Wednesday decided to widen defence partnership, conclude a civil nuclear deal and share best practices to jointly fight terror, said a report. PM Modi and his Spanish counterpart Mariano Rajoy held talks to strengthen strategic partnership amid signing of seven agreements, including on cyber security and transfer of sentenced persons. Rupee logs 1st gain in 3 days The rupee endured a sharp reversal in fortunes against a resurgent US dollar after a two-day fall and recovered by 15 paise to end at 64.51 on fresh selling of the American currency by banks and exporters. 3 stocks under ban period on NSE Security in ban period for the next trade date under the F&O segment include companies in which the security has crossed 95% of the market-wide position limit.Securities which are banned for trading today include names like JP Associates, Reliance Communications, and Reliance Capital. tags #Market Cues #Nifty #Sensex Related news Business Reliance Communications' shares soar over 5% on buzz of debt rejig plan Jun 01, 2017 10:58 AM Business Short-term correction in the market likely; select pharma cos positioned to rally: Quantum Jun 01, 2017 10:22 AM Business See Nifty shed 6 points at opening: Maximus Securities Jun 01, 2017 09:07 AM Business Nifty to open flat on back of mixed global cues: ICICIdirect Jun 01, 2017 08:55 AM Business Nifty to open gap up at 9630: Dynamic Levels Jun 01, 2017 08:46 AM Business Support for Nifty at 9580-9540: Prakash Gaba Jun 01, 2017 08:45 AM Business Ganeshaspeaks: Nifty prediction for June 1 Jun 01, 2017 08:39 AM Business Buy, Sell, Hold: Here are 6 stocks that are being tracked by analysts today Jun 01, 2017 08:39 AM Business Resistance for Nifty at 9660-9713; buy Avenue Supermarts: Prakash Gaba Jun 01, 2017 08:10 AM News Most Popular Top News Early rains to shower hope for Sensex; top 10 stocks to chase this monsoon Tata Motors cuts up to 1,500 managerial jobs Mid & smallcap stocks crack; 10 stocks which can give up to 50% return This smallcap could pump more profits as it now starts to leverage its assets To find hidden gems, track PE ratio! 15 stocks which more than doubled in last 1 year After GDP growth pangs, India Inc calls on RBI to cut rates Market Live: Sensex, Nifty touch day’s lows; European markets open mixed Facing job cuts, IT needs capitalism in mind, socialism in heart: Narayana Murthy see more Video of the day Short-term correction in the market likely; select pharma cos positioned to rally: Quantum Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Uttaresh Venkateshwaran
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Morgan Stanley CEO Sees Trading Drop Similar to JPMorgan, Bank of America by Darren Boey @darrenboey More stories by Darren Boey May 31, 2017, 8:51 PM EDT May 31, 2017, 9:20 PM EDT JPMorgan, Bank of America estimates reflect reality: Gorman Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman speaks in Beijing interview Morgan Stanley's Gorman Says Bank Is on Track Morgan Stanley Chief Executive Officer James Gorman indicated his firm is seeing similar trading declines as competitors JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Bank of America Corp., which said second-quarter trading revenue is on pace to drop at least 10 percent.   The estimates from JPMorgan and Bank of America “are reflecting reality and I don’t think we’re very different,” Gorman said in an interview with Bloomberg Television’s Tom Mackenzie in Beijing. “We all have similar clients, if not the same clients.” Gorman on opportunities in Asia, the company’s turnaround plan, return on equity, and the outlook for U.S. growth (Source: Bloomberg) Markets revenue at JPMorgan was down about 15 percent in April and May from a year earlier, driven by a slump in fixed income, Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said Wednesday at an investor conference in New York. At Bank of America, revenue from the business will be 10 percent to 12 percent lower, though first-half results should be stronger, Chief Executive Officer Brian Moynihan said at a separate event. Read more about Lake and Moynihan’s comments. Analysts at JPMorgan warned this month that revenue at the world’s biggest investment banks is likely to drop in the second quarter because of the decline in fixed income. The U.K.’s exit from the European Union and U.S. President Donald Trump’s surprise election win had been fueling wagers on corporate bonds and the direction of interest rates over the past year, boosting Wall Street trading results. Those types of stimulants have been more scarce in recent months. Morgan Stanley's Gorman Says Growth in India Is Exciting Passive Investors Gorman said markets are facing a “conundrum,” with economic growth generally strong but the world facing an uncertain political environment. Trump’s administration has faced resistance in pushing an ambitious agenda of tax overhaul and repealing Obamacare, he said. “There is enormous uncertainty which typically would breed tremendous volatility and it’s not,” Gorman said. “It’s this very passive perspective that investors have and I think the downside risk at this point is outweighing the upside risk.” The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up In April, Morgan Stanley reported $1.71 billion in first-quarter revenue from trading bonds, currencies and commodities, allowing it to beat bigger rival  Goldman Sachs Group Inc. for the first time since 2011. After concluding that new rules had permanently impaired the outlook for fixed-income markets, Morgan Stanley moved last year to slash a quarter of its sales and trading staff and sold large chunks of its commodities business. Read more: Morgan Stanley earnings beat estimates Gorman Says Trump Came Out With Bold Agenda The results marked the fourth straight quarter Morgan Stanley posted bond-trading revenue exceeding $1 billion after Gorman said the business could produce at least $4 billion annually. The fixed-income division -- crucial to the CEO’s plan to improve companywide returns -- was overhauled after revenue plunged to $550 million in the final quarter of 2015. Trading chief Ted Pick cut about 25 percent of the division’s staff and assigned equities executive Sam Kellie-Smith to turn around the business. Asked if he saw further scope for headcount reduction at the bank, Gorman said: “I don’t think so.” “The basic reshaping of the firm that has taken place over five to eight years is essentially done and we feel good about it,” he said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Rich People Don’t Want Ivanka Trump’s Fashion Morgan Stanley CEO Sees Trading Drop Similar to JPMorgan, Bank of America Now There's Another Source of Oil That's Starting to Get Cheap Bitcoin Is at Risk of No Longer Being the Biggest Digital Currency Musk Considers Ending His Tortured Dance With Trump Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 1 June 2017 | MYT 8:27 AM Breakfast briefing: Thursday, June 1 (Update) MarketWrap: US stocks were little changed on Wednesday as financials dropped after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness, offsetting gains in defensive plays. The DJIA fell 20.82 points, or 0.1%, to 21,008.65, the S&P 500 lost 1.1 points, or 0.05%, to 2,411.81 and the Nasdaq dropped 4.67 points, or 0.08%, to 6,198.52. - Reuters Energy Oil prices sank 3% to a three-week low on Wednesday as an increase in Libyan output helped boost monthly Opec crude production for the first time this year. Brent crude futures for July LCOc1 fell US$1.53, or 3.0%, to settle at US$50.31 a barrel on their last day as the front-month. It was Brent's lowest close since May 10.- Reuters Forex summary *The ringgit lost 0.20% to 4.289 versus the US$ *It lost 0.81% to 4.8226 versus euro *Down 0.96% to 5.5235 per pound sterling *Down 0.20% to 3.0988 per Singapore dollar *Up 0.53% to 3.1709 per Aussie *Down 0.04% to 3.8663 per 100 yen Top foreign stories Exxon vote shows Wall St diverging from Trump on climate change: Major investors put US industry on notice on Wednesday that climate change matters. A number of large institutional fund firms including BlackRock Inc, the world's largest asset manager, supported a shareholder resolution calling on Exxon Mobil Corp to share more information about how new technologies and climate change regulations could impact the business of the world's largest publicly traded oil company. The proposal won the support of 62.3% of votes cast. - Reuters US companies sign billions in deals with Vietnam: US industrial companies General Electric Co and Caterpillar Inc made deals with Vietnam worth billions of dollars as Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc continued his three-day trip to the United States. The deals with US companies for high-tech goods and services are worth US$15 billion to US$17 billion. - Reuters Bank of America CEO talks down second-quarter expectations: Bank of America Corp second-quarter earnings will be hurt by a drop in trading revenue, lower-than-expected interest rates and the sale or shuttering of certain assets, according to comments from chief executive Brian Moynihan on Wednesday. Trading revenues are on track to be some 10% to 12% lower than the second quarter of 2016 because last year's quarter was especially strong, he said, adding first-half trading revenues will still be up by roughly 3% to 4% versus a year ago. - Reuters EU clears GE's Baker Hughes purchase without conditions: The European Commission cleared General Electric Co's purchase of oilfield services firm Baker Hughes without conditions on Wednesday. It concluded that the merger of the two US companies would not harm competition in European markets for various products where both were active, including electrical submersible pumps, refining chemicals and drilling sensors. - Reuters Uber posts US$708m loss, finance head leaves: Uber Technologies Inc posted first-quarter loss, excluding employee stock compensation and other items, of US$708 million, narrower than the US$991 million reported three months earlier, the Wall Street Journal reported. The ride-hailing company's revenue was US$3.4 billion, up 18%. Uber's head of finance, Gautam Gupta, is leaving the company in July to join another startup in San Francisco, adding to an exodus of top officials, the report said. - Reuters Top local stories RHB-AMMB to begin merger talks: RHB Bank Bhd and AMMB Holdings Bhd are expected to announce on Thursday that they have received the nod from Bank Negara to initiate merger talks. The lenders requested for a suspension in the trading of their shares Wednesday evening, “pending a material announcement”. Banking sources say RHB is likely to be the acquiring bank, making a cash and share offer AMMB shareholders. A successful deal will make the merged entity the country’s fourth-largest bank by assets. - StarBiz MRCB-EPF JV in RM21b Bukit Jalil project: Malaysian Resources Corp Bhd (MRCB) says a subsidiary has entered into a joint-venture agreement with the Employees Provident Fund (EPF) to kick-start a RM21bil property project in Bukit Jalil, Kuala Lumpur. The project will be developed on three plots of land measuring 76 acres which the MRCB subsidiary had obtained from the government under a privatisation programme. The land is valued at RM1.43bil, MRCB said. - StarBiz Mah Sing plans to buy more land in Klang Valley: Mah Sing Group Bhd, which reported a net profit of RM90.42mil in the first quarter ended March 31, says it plans to buy more land in the Klang Valley area. The property developer is targeting to increase its land bank’s gross development value in the Klang Valley area to 75% within the next three years, up from 65% currently. - StarBiz Higher CPO prices boost Sime Darby Q3 profit: Sime Darby Bhd recorded a 5.4% higher net profit of RM699mil for its third quarter, while revenue jumped 21.6% to RM12.4bil, mainly on the back of higher crude palm oil (CPO) prices. CPO prices averaged at RM3,088 per tonne during the quarter, a 40% jump from RM2,200 per tonne during the same period last year. - StarBiz FGV turns around with RM2.46m profit: Felda Global Ventures Holdings Bhd (FGV) returned to profitability in its first quarter, posting a net profit of RM2.46mil on lower costs and higher revenue from the plantation, logistics and others, and sugar sectors. Its revenue grew to RM4.32bil from RM3.76bil a year ago on better performance of its upstream operations. - StarBiz New development may derail Prasarana-SEB settlement plan: A new disagreement between Prasarana Malaysia Bhd and Scomi Engineering Bhd (SEB) is threatening to derail their plan to settle the RM494mil monorail contract dispute out of court. SEB said Prasarana claimed that the third supplemental contract had automatically lapsed and had become null and void. - StarBiz IJM may spin off infrastructure unit, pare plantations stake: IJM Corp Bhd may spin off its infrastructure unit and sell some non-core assets as part of a plan to focus on growing its main revenue-generating businesses. The company may also consider paring its 56% stake in IJM Plantations Bhd through local or foreign partnerships that could contribute to a larger land bank for the unit, CEO Datuk Soam Heng Choon said on Thursday. IJM’s non-core assets have a book value of more than RM600mil, Soam said. - Bloomberg Hap Seng expects revenue boost from Malaysian Mosaics: Hap Seng Consolidated Bhd expects its tile manufacturing unit Malaysian Mosaics to significantly boost revenue of its building materials division this year. The division contributed about a quarter of the group’s total sales. - StarBiz Bumi Armada’s Q1 net profit more than doubles: Bumi Armada Bhd’s net profit increased to RM48.1mil in the first quarter, from RM23.4mil a year earlier, while revenue came in 6.2% lower year-on-year to RM404.2mil. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation declined slightly to RM248.4mil compared with RM251.5mil a year ago, mainly due to lower contribution from the offshore marine services segment. LBS Bina sticks to RM1.5b sales target: LBS Bina Group Bhd is maintaining its RM1.5bil sales target as the company will launch new projects worth almost RM1.9bil this year. MD Tan Sri Lim Hock San said as long as the country’s economic growth remained steadyl, the property market should perform well going forward. - StarBiz Tech-furbished homes on offer: The three-day StarProperty. my Fair (i-City Edition) later this month aims to offer potential buyers and participants an up close and personal experience to some of I-Bhd’s tech-furbished homes. The fair, organised by Star Media Group Bhd and I-Bhd from June 10 to 12, will showcase developments such as Hill10 Residence, 8Kia Peng, Parisien Tower, Hyde, Liberty Tower and i-Suite. - StarBiz Tags / Keywords: Breakfast Briefing Related Stories You May Be Interested Mah Sing results in line with expectations Social media companies step up removals of online hate speech: EU AmInvestment Research retains Hold for Bumi Armada, FV 79 sen KLCI loses ground at midday 5 ways to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Racing for a better tomorrow Others Also Read CEO: Cycling brings people together Bangladesh navy searches for 81 fishermen still missing after Mora cyclone Police video shows unsteady, slurring Woods Property Related advertisement Latest News Board member: BoJ will not face big long-term losses when it unwinds stimulus Australia's biggest state hikes taxes for foreign property buyers 'Axis of love': Saudi-Russia detente heralds new oil order Production falls for first time in four months Macau casinos post 10-month winning streak Most Viewed in Business MH128 returns to Melbourne after passenger tied up with seat belts Malaysia slowly winning battle against forex speculators RHB-AMMB to begin merger talks Public Mutual declares RM502m distributions for 11 funds RHB Bank, AMMB suspended as merger talks begin Why Singapore casinos can’t collect from China’s high rollers Ringgit dips early Thursday versus US dollar Uber posts US$708 mln loss, finance head leaves Macau casinos post 10-month winning streak KLCI loses ground at midday advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Federated Investors Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Federated Investors Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Federated Investors (FII) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about Federated Investors (NYSE:FII) has been trending positive recently, Alpha One Sentiment Analysis reports. Alpha One, a service of Accern, identifies positive and negative news coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Federated Investors earned a news impact score of 0.28 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned headlines about the asset manager an impact score of 25 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is very unlikely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the next several days. Here are some of the headlines that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s analysis: 5 Reasons to Add Federated Investors (FII) to Your Portfolio (finance.yahoo.com) Federated Investors Inc (FII) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages (americanbankingnews.com) Federated Investors, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : FII-US : May 26, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) Federated Investors, Inc.’s CEO to Present at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Conference (finance.yahoo.com) Federated Investors Inc (FII) Raised to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. (americanbankingnews.com) A number of brokerages recently weighed in on FII. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Federated Investors from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $24.00 price target for the company in a research note on Thursday, May 25th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reiterated an “underperform” rating on shares of Federated Investors in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Federated Investors from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $31.00 price target for the company in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC upgraded shares of Federated Investors from an “underperform” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $11.00 price target for the company in a research note on Friday, March 24th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $25.17. Shares of Federated Investors (NYSE FII) traded up 0.99% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $26.56. 1,570,380 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average is $26.36 and its 200 day moving average is $26.94. The stock has a market capitalization of $2.60 billion, a PE ratio of 12.76 and a beta of 1.54. Federated Investors has a 52 week low of $24.52 and a 52 week high of $33.13. Federated Investors (NYSE:FII) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The asset manager reported $0.49 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.47 by $0.02. Federated Investors had a net margin of 18.26% and a return on equity of 32.01%. The company had revenue of $273.50 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $290.19 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.44 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts forecast that Federated Investors will post $2.00 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 8th were issued a dividend of $0.25 per share. This represents a $1.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.77%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, May 4th. Federated Investors’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 49.26%. In other news, insider Gordon J. Ceresino sold 4,378 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.49, for a total transaction of $115,973.22. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 177,011 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,689,021.39. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Gordon J. Ceresino sold 2,349 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $25.56, for a total transaction of $60,040.44. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 185,736 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,747,412.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 15,918 shares of company stock valued at $419,391. Corporate insiders own 10.50% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/federated-investors-fii-receiving-positive-press-coverage-study-finds.html. About Federated Investors Federated Investors, Inc (Federated) is a provider of investment management products and related financial services. Federated operates through investment management business segment. It is engaged in sponsoring, marketing and providing investment-related services to various investment products, including mutual funds and Separate Accounts, which include separately managed accounts, institutional accounts, sub-advised funds and other managed products. Receive News & Ratings for Federated Investors Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Federated Investors Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dow Jones Industrial Average Falls Amid Financial Sector Sell-Off Shutterstock photo The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA)  once again traded lower, as weakness in bank stocks and oil prices weighed for a second straight day. Most notably, Dow components JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs experienced sharp losses, with both stocks posting their lowest closes of 2017. As for the energy sector , oil prices extended their recent slide, hitting three-week lows, with traders digesting a notable rise in production out of Libya. Meanwhile, the Fed’s Beige Book likely strengthened the case for a June rate hike, though some traders are questioning whether a September hike is in the cards. Still, the Dow closed lower for a third straight session, though the blue-chip index — as well as the  S&P 500 Index ( SPX )  and  Nasdaq Composite (COMP)  — finished the month in positive territory.  Continue reading for more on today’s market, including: The rare  Nasdaq signal that rang in 2009 just sounded again.  2 underloved electronics stocks with room to run.  While Michael Kors stock sank after earnings, this sector peer had its best day since its IPO .    Plus, the Amazon story going unnoticed; how options traders are playing Lululemon earnings; and a medical technology stock with room to run. The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA – 21,008.65)  shed 20.8 points, or 0.1%, despite a positive open. Of the Dow’s 30 components, 18 closed in positive territory, with Pfizer leading the way with a 1.6% gain. JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs led the losers with respective losses of 2.1% and 3.3%. The blue-chip index added 0.3% for the month.  The  S&P 500 Index (SPX – 2,411.80)  declined 1.1 point, or 0.05%. The  Nasdaq Composite (COMP – 6,198.52) touched a record high of 6,221.99 in intraday trading, but still closed down 4.7 points, or 0.1%. The SPX added 1.1% for the month, and the Nasdaq picked up 2.5% — a seventh straight monthly win.  The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX – 10.41)  closed up 0.03 point, or 0.3%, but lost 3.8% for the month.  5 Items on Our Radar Today: Elon Musk, CEO of Tesla, threatened to leave the White House advisory council should President Trump withdraw from the Paris Climate accords . Musk, who is on Trump’s manufacturing jobs council, joins Apple CEO Tim Cook and Dow Chemical CEO Andrew Liveris, both of whom have also opposed the U.S. leaving the accord. (Bloomberg) A June rate increase appears more and more likely, according to the Federal Reserve’s Beige Book . The report of regional conditions labeled the U.S. economy growth as „modest to moderate” through late May. (MarketWatch) The Amazon stock story no one’s talking about. Lululemon options  were active ahead of tomorrow’s first-quarter earnings report. Medtronic stock could rally amid low expectations .  .  Data courtesy of  Trade-Alert Commodities Crude fell sharply amid reports that Libya upped its production to a three-year high of 827,000 barrels a day. By the close, July-dated futures fell $1.34, or 2.7%, to end at $48.32 per barrel. For the month, black gold dropped 2%. August-dated gold went up $9.70, or 0.8%, to settle at $1,275.40 an ounce, thanks to a weaker dollar. However, gold futures pared those gains in electronic trading, after the Fed Beige Book. For the month, gold rose 0.6%. The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Three South Florida Greenberg Traurig Attorneys Graduate from ACTEC Florida Fellows Institute Next PostNext ASML Discloses Results of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Search Recent Posts Cavalier projects $2M loss for FY17 NZ property values rise at the slowest pace in two years Entries open for the 2017 NZ Event Awards Data gaps hamper understanding of Asian investment ‘Sedate’ pay rises of sub-three per cent ahead for most Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman CIT Announces Final Results of Cash Tender Offer for its Common Stock NEW YORK, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — CIT Group Inc. (NYSE: CIT) today announced the final results of its „modified Dutch auction” tender offer, which expired at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on May 24, 2017. Based on the final count by Computershare Trust Company, N.A., the depositary for the tender offer, CIT accepted for payment 57,291,666 shares of CIT’s common stock at a purchase price of $48.00 per share, for a cost of approximately $2,750,000,000, excluding fees and expenses related to the tender offer.  The repurchased shares represent approximately 28.3% of CIT’s common shares issued and outstanding as of May 23, 2017. Because the aggregate purchase price for all shares properly tendered at or below the purchase price and not properly withdrawn before the expiration date would have exceeded $2,750,000,000, such shares were accepted for purchase on a pro rata basis, except for „odd lots,” which were accepted in full.  CIT has been informed by the depositary that the proration factor for the tender offer, after giving effect to the priority for „odd lots,” is approximately 88.6%.  The depositary will promptly pay for all shares accepted for payment and will return all other shares tendered. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC acted as the Lead Dealer Manager and Barclays Capital Inc. and Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. acted as the Co-Dealer Managers for the offer. Georgeson LLC acted as the information agent and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. acted as the depositary for the offer. Evercore acted as advisor to CIT’s Board of Directors on the transaction. Any questions regarding the tender offer may be directed to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at (877) 371-5947 (toll-free) or (212) 622-4401 (direct) or to Georgeson LLC at (877) 278-4774. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable federal securities laws that are based upon our current expectations and assumptions concerning future events, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. The words „expect,” „anticipate,” „estimate,” „forecast,” „initiative,” „objective,” „plan,” „goal,” „project,” „outlook,” „priorities,” „target,” „intend,” „evaluate,” „pursue,” „commence,” „seek,” „may,” „would,” „could,” „should,” „believe,” „potential,” „continue,” or the negative of any of those words or similar expressions is intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements contained in this press release, other than statements of historical fact, including without limitation, statements about our plans, strategies, prospects and expectations regarding future events and our financial performance, are forward-looking statements that involve certain risks and uncertainties. While these statements represent our current judgment on what the future may hold, and we believe these judgments are reasonable, these statements are not guarantees of any events or financial results, and our actual results may differ materially. We describe risks that could affect our results in Item 1A, „Risk Factors,” of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the statements were made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, except where expressly required by law. About CIT Founded in 1908, CIT (NYSE: CIT) is a financial holding company with $63 billion in assets as of March 31, 2017. Its principal bank subsidiary, CIT Bank, N.A. (Member FDIC, Equal Housing Lender), has more than $30 billion of deposits and more than $40 billion of assets. CIT provides financing, leasing, and advisory services principally to middle-market companies and small businesses across a wide variety of industries. It also offers products and services to consumers through its Internet bank franchise and a network of retail branches in Southern California, operating as OneWest Bank, a division of CIT Bank, N.A. For more information visit cit.com.  Contacts CIT MEDIA RELATIONS: Gina Proia (212) 771-6008 Gina.Proia@cit.com CIT INVESTOR RELATIONS: Barbara Callahan (973) 740-5058 Barbara.Callahan@cit.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cit-announces-final-results-of-cash-tender-offer-for-its-common-stock-300466507.html SOURCE CIT Group Inc. Related Links http://www.cit.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAcquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Generic Drugs Market Report 2017; New Report Launched Next PostNext Pizza Pizza Royalty Corp. Announces Election of Directors Search Recent Posts 9-year-old sent to hospital after drinking ‘Unicorn Milk’ e-cigarette fluid 9-year-old sent to hospital after drinking ‘Unicorn Milk’ e-cigarette fluid FHLBank San Francisco Releases April 2017 Cost of Funds Index IBS Software Joins the Elite ‘Top 100 Logistics IT Provider’ Club IBS Software Joins the Elite ‘Top 100 Logistics IT Provider’ Club Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
News Sports Living Obits Item Banner Cars Jobs E-Edition Subscriber Services log in Site Site Archive Stocks slide as banks, energy companies sink Wednesday May 31, 2017 at 11:12 AM May 31, 2017 at 4:34 PM The Associated Press NEW YORK — U.S. stocks are slipping for the second day in a row Wednesday, led by a slump in banks as investors worry how their trading businesses are doing this quarter. Energy companies are falling with the price of oil. Big technology companies and small-company stocks are also down. Those declines are canceling out gains for drug companies and household products makers. KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 4 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,408 as of 2:45 p.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 34 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,995. The Nasdaq composite fell 19 points, or 0.3 percent, to 6,184. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks again did worse than the other major indexes. It retreated 5 points, or 0.4 percent, to 1,365. The S&P 500 is on track to finish May with a 1 percent gain. After a three-month losing streak last summer it has risen six out of the last seven months. BANKS: Banks fell as investors worried that their revenue from trading stocks, bonds and currencies is going to weaken in the second quarter. Executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America both spoke about that issue at industry events on Wednesday. Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan said trading revenue will fall 10 percent compared to a year ago. The banking industry had an outstanding first quarter, and trading was a key reason for that. JPMorgan Chase fell $1.87, or 2.2 percent, to $82.03 and Capital One slumped $1.63, or 2.1 percent, to $76.65. Goldman Sachs, which had an unusually bad quarter as its trading business struggled, gave up $7.28, or 3.3 percent, to $211.14. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.20 percent from 2.21 percent. That also hurt banks, as lower bond yields force interest rates lower on loans, reducing banks' profits from lending. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude lost $1.34, or 2.7 percent, to $48.32 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the standard for international oil prices, fell $1.53, or 3 percent, to $50.31 a barrel in London. Energy stocks continued to decline. Chevron sank 61 cents to $103.45 and Hess declined $1.04, or 2.2 percent, to $45.63. FEELING BETTER: Pfizer rose 58 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $32.71 and Irish drugmaker Perrigo climbed $3.71, or 5.5 percent, to $71.63 after its first-quarter report was better than expected. Health care products maker Johnson & Johnson advanced $1.45, or 1.1 percent, to $128.56. Household products companies also rose. Clorox gained $1.31, or 1 percent, to $136.24 and Kimberly-Clark, which makes Huggies diapers and Kleenex tissue, picked up $1.98, or 1.5 percent, to $130.95. Procter & Gamble, which makes Tide detergent and Charmin toilet paper, advanced 77 cents to $88.17. KORS GETS CORED: Michael Kors Holdings hit a five-year low after it said it will close up to 125 stores as its sales have remained weak. The luxury retailer said sales at older stores dropped in its latest quarter and investors were disappointed with its projections for the current quarter. The stock tumbled $3.51, or 9.7 percent, to $32.76. CLOUDY DAY FOR SOLAR: Solar power companies took losses as investors expected President Donald Trump to pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate change agreement. Officials from the European Union said the EU and China will maintain their commitments to the pact. Shares of First Solar, the largest U.S. solar company, declined 92 cents, or 2.3 percent, to $38.58. SunPower fell 23 cents, or 2.8 percent, to $7.92 while solar wafer maker Canadian Solar retreated 73 cents, or 5.4 percent, to $12.81. HITTING RESET: Technology companies turned lower. The tech sector has reached its highest levels since the dot-com boom and companies like Apple, Google parent Alphabet and Facebook have done far better than the rest of the market in 2017. Apple and Facebook are up 32 percent this year, and Alphabet is up 24 percent. All three slid Wednesday. CURRENCIES: The dollar slipped to 110.68 yen from 110.78 yen. The euro rose to $1.1239 from $1.1188. The British pound rose to $1.2882 from $1.2813. The currency was volatile after polls and surveys showed the general election on June 8 might be closer than expected. Early on, observers expected the Conservative Party of Prime Minister Theresa May to win in a landslide. May supports Britain's exit from the European Union, and if she wins a smaller majority, it could hurt her side as Britain negotiates its departure from the union. OTHER ENERGY TRADING: Wholesale gasoline lost 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Heating oil gave up 3 cents to $1.52 a gallon. Natural gas dropped 7 cents to $3.07 per 1,000 cubic feet. METALS: Gold rose $9.70 to $1,265.40 an ounce. Silver fell 2 cents to $17.41 an ounce. Copper gained 2 cents to $2.58 a pound. OVERSEAS: European stocks gave up an early gain. The DAX in Germany remained up 0.1 percent, but France's CAC 40 lost 0.4 percent and the British FTSE 100 fell 0.1 percent. Japan's Nikkei 225 index dipped 0.1 percent and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.2 percent. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong inched down 0.1 percent. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Register/Subscribe Subscriber Services T&G E-Edition Worcester Living E-Edition NIE Business Matters Coupon Values FAQ Photo reprints (non-commercial use) Commercial photo licenses Advertising Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing - Digital Marketplace Media Kit Place an Ad Jobs Real Estate Pets Legal Notices News Contact Us Letters to the Editor Submit a Press Release Events Copyright/Terms of Use Marketing About Us Visions Contact Us The Item The Banner Reprints & Licensing Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. telegram.com ~ 100 Front St., Floor 5, Worcester MA 01608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Worcester Police & Fire Courts Government Education New England Nation & World Shareable Databases Region North South/West East/Valley Columnists Local Photos Local Video Sports Hometeam Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Columnists Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists As I See It Letters Cartoons Blogs Living Things to do Movie showtimes Entertainment Food Lifestyle Columnists Calendar Business Local Business Business Matters Business People Markets Columnists Obituaries Submit Obituary Obituary FAQ More Photos Videos TV Listings Movies Then & Now Worcester Worcester Living Hometeam Traffic Lottery The Item The Banner Services Merchants Dining Contests Branded Content Celebrations Classifieds Propel T&G Santa Woo Challenge Virtual Job Fair Best of Hometeam Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Subscriber Services Register/Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Pay Your Ad Bill Propel Marketing Services Careers at the T&G Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi CIT Announces Final Results of Cash Tender Offer for its Common Stock News provided by CIT Group Inc. 31 May, 2017, 16:45 ET Share this article NEW YORK, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- CIT Group Inc. (NYSE: CIT) today announced the final results of its "modified Dutch auction" tender offer, which expired at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on May 24, 2017. Based on the final count by Computershare Trust Company, N.A., the depositary for the tender offer, CIT accepted for payment 57,291,666 shares of CIT's common stock at a purchase price of $48.00 per share, for a cost of approximately $2,750,000,000, excluding fees and expenses related to the tender offer.  The repurchased shares represent approximately 28.3% of CIT's common shares issued and outstanding as of May 23, 2017. Because the aggregate purchase price for all shares properly tendered at or below the purchase price and not properly withdrawn before the expiration date would have exceeded $2,750,000,000, such shares were accepted for purchase on a pro rata basis, except for "odd lots," which were accepted in full.  CIT has been informed by the depositary that the proration factor for the tender offer, after giving effect to the priority for "odd lots," is approximately 88.6%.  The depositary will promptly pay for all shares accepted for payment and will return all other shares tendered. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC acted as the Lead Dealer Manager and Barclays Capital Inc. and Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. acted as the Co-Dealer Managers for the offer. Georgeson LLC acted as the information agent and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. acted as the depositary for the offer. Evercore acted as advisor to CIT's Board of Directors on the transaction. Any questions regarding the tender offer may be directed to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at (877) 371-5947 (toll-free) or (212) 622-4401 (direct) or to Georgeson LLC at (877) 278-4774. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable federal securities laws that are based upon our current expectations and assumptions concerning future events, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. The words "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "forecast," "initiative," "objective," "plan," "goal," "project," "outlook," "priorities," "target," "intend," "evaluate," "pursue," "commence," "seek," "may," "would," "could," "should," "believe," "potential," "continue," or the negative of any of those words or similar expressions is intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements contained in this press release, other than statements of historical fact, including without limitation, statements about our plans, strategies, prospects and expectations regarding future events and our financial performance, are forward-looking statements that involve certain risks and uncertainties. While these statements represent our current judgment on what the future may hold, and we believe these judgments are reasonable, these statements are not guarantees of any events or financial results, and our actual results may differ materially. We describe risks that could affect our results in Item 1A, "Risk Factors," of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the statements were made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, except where expressly required by law. About CIT Founded in 1908, CIT (NYSE: CIT) is a financial holding company with $63 billion in assets as of March 31, 2017. Its principal bank subsidiary, CIT Bank, N.A. (Member FDIC, Equal Housing Lender), has more than $30 billion of deposits and more than $40 billion of assets. CIT provides financing, leasing, and advisory services principally to middle-market companies and small businesses across a wide variety of industries. It also offers products and services to consumers through its Internet bank franchise and a network of retail branches in Southern California, operating as OneWest Bank, a division of CIT Bank, N.A. For more information visit cit.com.  Contacts CIT MEDIA RELATIONS: Gina Proia (212) 771-6008 Gina.Proia@cit.com CIT INVESTOR RELATIONS: Barbara Callahan (973) 740-5058 Barbara.Callahan@cit.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cit-announces-final-results-of-cash-tender-offer-for-its-common-stock-300466507.html SOURCE CIT Group Inc. Related Links http://www.cit.com 31 May, 2017, 16:30 ET Preview: CIT Announces Pricing of $325 Million of Preferred Stock My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 25 May, 2017, 08:30 ET CIT Announces Pricing of $325 Million of Preferred Stock 25 May, 2017, 08:30 ET CIT Announces Preliminary Results of Cash Tender Offer for Up To... Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers You just read: CIT Announces Final Results of Cash Tender Offer for its Common Stock News provided by CIT Group Inc. 31 May, 2017, 16:45 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HDFC Bank Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HDFC Bank Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Comerica Securities Inc. Invests $281,000 in HDFC Bank Limited (HDB) May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Comerica Securities Inc. purchased a new stake in HDFC Bank Limited (NYSE:HDB) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund purchased 3,741 shares of the bank’s stock, valued at approximately $281,000. A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. CAM Group Holding A S raised its position in HDFC Bank Limited by 16.7% in the third quarter. CAM Group Holding A S now owns 2,611,955 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $187,774,000 after buying an additional 374,500 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in HDFC Bank Limited by 2.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,660,481 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $982,052,000 after buying an additional 286,407 shares in the last quarter. First Personal Financial Services raised its position in HDFC Bank Limited by 23.0% in the third quarter. First Personal Financial Services now owns 76,087 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $5,470,000 after buying an additional 14,227 shares in the last quarter. Tahithromos L.L.C. raised its position in HDFC Bank Limited by 42.9% in the third quarter. Tahithromos L.L.C. now owns 225,000 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $16,175,000 after buying an additional 67,500 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Charles Lim Capital Ltd raised its position in HDFC Bank Limited by 31.4% in the third quarter. Charles Lim Capital Ltd now owns 661,810 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $47,578,000 after buying an additional 158,204 shares in the last quarter. 18.16% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. HDFC Bank Limited (NYSE HDB) traded up 1.09% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $87.80. 690,292 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $81.87 and a 200-day moving average price of $71.40. HDFC Bank Limited has a 12-month low of $59.00 and a 12-month high of $87.85. The company has a market cap of $447.72 billion, a PE ratio of 192.54 and a beta of 1.14. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/comerica-securities-inc-invests-281000-in-hdfc-bank-limited-hdb.html. HDB has been the topic of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of HDFC Bank Limited from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $81.00 price target on the stock in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Morgan Stanley lowered shares of HDFC Bank Limited from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. About HDFC Bank Limited HDFC Bank Limited (the Bank) is a holding company. The Bank offers a range of banking services covering commercial and investment banking on the wholesale side and transactional/branch banking on the retail side. It also offers financial services. The Bank’s segments include Treasury, Retail banking, Wholesale banking and Other banking business. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HDB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for HDFC Bank Limited (NYSE:HDB). Receive News & Ratings for HDFC Bank Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HDFC Bank Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Facebook Twitter Email Print Share The Daily Prophet: Oil Is Complicating Lots of Popular Trades Connecting the dots in global markets. by Robert Burgess @burgessansm More stories by Robert Burgess May 31, 2017, 4:30 PM EDT The roller coaster that is otherwise known as the oil market is heading lower -- again -- and dragging down almost everything associated with the energy complex. Wednesday’s weakness was based on a familiar theme: doubts that prolonged cuts by OPEC and its allies will succeed in clearing a surplus while U.S. output remains so resilient. Even though Saudi Arabia’s Energy Minister Khalid Al-Falih said the cuts are working and predicted global inventories will fall to the five-year average in early 2018, American drillers continue to add rigs to shale fields, according to Bloomberg News’ Meenal Vamburkar. “There doesn’t seem to be an end to supply out there,” said Bob Yawger, director of the futures division at Mizuho Securities USA. “And demand is not exactly rip-roaring.” American drillers last week boosted the number of active rigs to 722, the most since April 2015, according to data from Baker Hughes.  To the strategists at JPMorgan, the gyrations in the price have wide implications. The broad range of $40 to $60 a barrel that the market is stuck in is depressed enough in terms of average prices and wide enough “to complicate” a number of key trades that investors have piled into that are dependent on faster inflation. Those include shorting bonds, owning debt securities that protect against rising consumer prices, and betting on the currencies of some commodity-dependent economies over the next year. Energy stocks are the worst-performing sector in the MSCI All-Country World Index this year, falling 8.39 percent on average. HOW THE MIGHTY HAVE FALLEN Despite a seventh straight month of gains for the global stock market, May ended with a bit of a whimper. Equities fell as financial stocks faltered on news from JPMorgan and Bank of America, the two biggest U.S. banks, that second-quarter trading revenue is on pace to drop at least 10 percent because tranquil markets are curbing demand, according to Bloomberg News’ Hugh Son and Dakin Campbell. Even before the latest revelations, financial shares were under pressure as a rally in longer-term bonds caused the difference between short- and long-term borrowing cost to shrink, raising concern about the health of banks’ net interest margins. One proxy of financial shares, the PowerShares KBW Bank Portfolio exchange-traded fund, dropped 2.80 in May, bringing its loss since the end of February to 7.40 percent. Financial shares had soared in the prior four months, leading markets higher on the prospect that the Trump administration would loosen restrictive bank regulations. The PowerShares KBW Bank Portfolio ETF soared 29 percent between the end of October and the end of February. PIMCO IS DOING LOTS OF HAND-WRINGING In fact, most of the Trump administration’s pro-growth policies are in doubt, from tax reform to infrastructure spending -- at least for this year. Pacific Investment Management Co. was out with a report Wednesday saying that investors have become too complacent and that monetary, fiscal, trade and geopolitical risks abound. As they see it, there’s a 70 percent chance of a recession in the next five years, according to Bloomberg News’ John Gittelsohn. “We believe that many market participants today are too relaxed, that medium-term risks are building and that investors should consider using cyclical rallies to build cash to deploy when markets eventually correct -- and possibly overshoot -- as risks are repriced,” the firm said in its annual “Secular Outlook” for the next three to five years. Of concern to Pimco is that policy makers are “driving without a spare tire” because of limited tools -- caused by big balance sheets and low or negative interest rates -- to deal with a recession. GOLD BUGS ABOUND Given the worrying over at Pimco, perhaps it’s not surprising that hedge funds are jumping back into gold at the fastest pace since 2007. Money managers boosted their long positions in U.S. futures by the most in almost a decade in the week ended May 23, Commodity Futures Trading Commission data show. Bullion futures have posted three straight weekly gains, helped by U.S. and European political angst that has boosted demand for the metal as a haven, according to Bloomberg News’ Joe Richter. Those bets have paid off with gold advancing Wednesday to its highest since April 25, or $1,276.80 per ounce. According to strategists at BMO Capital Markets, the Federal Reserve’s monthly Beige Book economic report struck a dovish tone on the economy, offered a divergence from the “all is well" mantra as optimism waned in some districts, namely Boston, Chicago and New York. Is it too late to buy some gold? CHINA TAKES ON CURRENCY SPECULATORS Foreign-exchange traders and strategists alike are (re)learning a tough lesson: Don’t bet against the yuan. The currency has jumped to its highest level in seven months offshore, soaring as much as 1.1 percent on Wednesday alone, despite analyst forecasts for declines this quarter. Surging interbank rates are squeezing bears by driving up the cost of short positions, according to Bloomberg News’ Helen Sun, Molly Wei and Emma Dai. The rally, which broke months of calm against the dollar, came on the heels of an unwelcome credit-rating downgrade from Moody’s. China made its displeasure clear, calling the move “absolutely groundless.” The central bank had already been battling pessimistic traders by repeatedly strengthening the daily fixing. “The Moody’s downgrade and a weaker spot rate compared to the fixing could have spurred the authorities to change the fixing mechanism and potentially intervene in the market,” said Jason Daw, Singapore-based head of emerging-market currency strategy at Societe Generale. EMERGING-MARKET STOCKS FACE NEW ERA The stock markets of the world’s developing economies are about to undergo a bit of a revolution. As the index provider MSCI prepares to carry out its annual review in June, some of the world’s biggest markets -- with assets totaling almost $9 trillion -- are poised for reclassification, according to Bloomberg News’ Srinivasan Sivabalan. Perhaps the most notable are China and Saudi Arabia. China’s domestic equities were denied entry into MSCI’s benchmark indexes for a third year last June despite measures to address such concerns as repatriation limits and excessive trading suspensions. Only 169 mainland-listed companies will be considered for inclusion, down from 448 under a previous proposal, and all will be large-cap shares currently accessible to foreign investors through exchange links with Hong Kong. Two years after Saudi Arabia opened its stock market to global investors, foreign ownership has languished at about 5 percent and the equity index has lost about 30 percent. The market’s size fell by about $140 billion as the changes coincided with the government’s austerity measures. The country says its bourse has met all the criteria laid out by MSCI for inclusion. TEA LEAVES After Wednesday’s rather downbeat Beige Book, the monthly manufacturing report from the Institute for Supply Management will surely get extra attention. The median estimate of economists surveyed by Bloomberg News is for a reading of 54.6 for May, little changed from 54.8 in April. Recall that the weaker-than-expected result in April left the index essentially back at December’s levels that, according to the economists at Bloomberg Intelligence, may have been due to less optimism among manufacturers in the Trump administration’s capacity to deliver on a pro-manufacturing policy agenda. The BI economists say they will be paying attention to export orders, with any signs of resilience signaling a firming in external demand, which could provide a modest tailwind to growth. If you’d like to get The Daily Prophet in e-mail form, right in your inbox, please subscribe to this link. Thanks! DON’T MISS In This Market, Best to Heed Bonds, Not Stocks: Komal Sri-Kumar Bitcoin and Stocks Are Both Powered by Psychology: Ben Carlson The Pain Trade Is Alive and Well in These Markets: Mark Grant Turns Out Wage Growth Isn’t So Sluggish After All: Conor Sen The U.S. Has Forgotten How to Do Infrastructure: Noah Smith This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Robert Burgess at bburgess@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Max Berley at mberley@bloomberg.net Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Comments Robert Burgess is editor of Bloomberg Prophets. Read more Follow @burgessansm on Twitter Most Read Rich People Don’t Want Ivanka Trump’s Fashion Morgan Stanley CEO Sees Trading Drop Similar to JPMorgan, Bank of America Now There's Another Source of Oil That's Starting to Get Cheap Bitcoin Is at Risk of No Longer Being the Biggest Digital Currency Musk Considers Ending His Tortured Dance With Trump Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets June 1 2017 - 9:59AM Save Print JPMorgan, BofA forecast drop in second-quarter trading revenue Hugh Son and Dakin Campbell facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More JPMorgan Chase & Co and Bank of America, the two biggest US banks, say second-quarter trading revenue is on pace to drop at least 10 per cent because tranquil markets are curbing demand. Bank shares slid after the revenue updates and led the Dow Jones Industrial Average lower. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Markets revenue at JPMorgan was down about 15 per cent in April and May from a year earlier, driven by a slump in fixed income, chief financial officer Marianne Lake said. Photo: Bloomberg Markets revenue at JPMorgan was down about 15 per cent in April and May from a year earlier, driven by a slump in fixed income, chief financial officer Marianne Lake said overnight at an investor conference in New York. At Bank of America, revenue from the business will be 10 per cent to 12 per cent lower, though first-half results should be stronger, chief executive officer Brian Moynihan said at a separate event. And a top Goldman Sachs executive agreed that clients' trading remains "subdued". Analysts at JPMorgan warned this month that revenue at the world's biggest investment banks was likely to drop in the second quarter because of the decline in fixed income. The UK's exit from the European Union and Donald Trump's surprise election win had been fuelling wagers on corporate bonds and the direction of interest rates over the past year, boosting Wall Street trading results. Those types of stimulants have been more scarce in recent months. Advertisement "There haven't been that many idiosyncratic events, and we need a few more of them," Ms Lake said. "As a sweeping generalisation, low rates, a more cautious outlook on rates, and low volatility have led to low client flows and a generally quiet, subdued and challenging trading environment." 'Cash but no conviction' In rates trading, clients are cautious because of conflicting signs from unemployment and inflation data, she said. In corporate bonds, "people have cash but no conviction" as spreads are tight. Equities, corporate derivatives and the prime brokerage were sources of strength in the quarter. "Client activities, which were more subdued in the first quarter, have in these first two months continued in a comparable fashion in the second quarter," David Solomon, Goldman Sachs's co-president, said at the same conference, declining to project the impact on the firm's revenue. At JPMorgan, the last three quarters of 2016 generated record trading revenue, so the comparisons this year are harder for traders to live up to, Lake said. "If I look to June, I don't see any particular reason for that to change," Ms Lake said. "But anything can happen in a month." Cost controls When it comes to mergers and acquisitions, uncertainties over European elections and US tax reform have led corporate executives to be cautious, Mr Solomon said. That's despite steady growth and a competitive environment that encourages CEOs to act. As a result, he expects a "reasonable pace" for deals, and said the environment has felt a little better in the past month or two than it did earlier in the year. Separately, analysts also asked about expense discipline. Goldman Sachs chief financial officer Marty Chavez, speaking at the same event as Mr Solomon, told investors that when the firm's revenue does climb, compensation will rise at a slower rate. Bank of America will take a charge of about $US300 million ($400,000) to speed up data-centre consolidation, and will report $US125 million in severance, about double what's typical, Mr Moynihan said. The expenses are part of the firm's goal of cutting total annual costs to $US53 billion by the end of 2018. "We're trying to accelerate opportunities, and so this quarter we'll do a couple things to push some stuff through and really position us to make that $US53 billion without a problem," he said. Originally published on AFR as JPMorgan, BofA forecast drop in second-quarter trading revenue. Advertisement HuffPost Australia The HR Industry Is At Risk Of ... Contains: External link Drug Testing Of Welfare Clients Found ... Contains: External link Most Popular How the new NBN pricing plan for retailers affects you Flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tried to enter cockpit 'Perfect storm': House prices fall for first time in 18 months Ex-maths teacher sued over $95m concert ticket fraud 'High 60s': Aussie dollar bears stir Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tried to enter cockpit How the new NBN pricing plan for retailers affects you Australia must fix its 'spectacular housing bubble', Citi warns John McGrath bursts property bubble 'myth' 'I am absolutely certain we are in a bubble in this property market' WA Today How the boom changed Perth: our new identity revealed 'It's Colin from Cottesloe': Former Premier breaks silence after calling radio station Surgeon in critical condition after 'terrible' hospital assault WA schools crackdown on unhealthy food A father's fight: Perth boy's life saving surgery delayed The Sydney Morning Herald Flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tried to enter cockpit An open letter from Martina Navratilova: Time to rename Margaret Court Arena Premier unveils housing affordability fixes 'The devil's after our kids': Court's second serve Bus passengers travel for free as drivers declare 'fare-free day' The Age Surgeon in critical condition after 'terrible' hospital assault Flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tried to enter cockpit 'The devil's after our kids': Court's second serve An open letter from Martina Navratilova: Time to rename Margaret Court Arena Furious finance lecturer charges $1000 for eaten card Brisbane Times With 555 rooms but no resident car park, why did council approve it? Priest allegedly wrestled altar boy naked Someone is about to find out they've won $40m on Oz Lotto 'He's homeless and that's his fault': Woman fined for throwing food and punching rough sleeper With champions missing, Queensland exposed as mortals Canberra Times ACT school suspends student for having 'dangerous' opinion Public servants should be forced to move or face sack: LNP senator Snow expected over Canberra next week as winter hits Flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tried to enter cockpit DFAT chops cable TV, outfit subsidies for diplomats WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman JPMorgan China Region Fund, Inc. Liquidation Progress BOSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Following the announcement on May 15, 2017, the assets of JPMorgan China Region Fund, Inc. (‘JFC’ or the ‘Fund’) now comprise 99.4% cash having undertaken the liquidation of the majority of the investment portfolio and the repayment of any outstanding loans, all pursuant to the Plan of Liquidation and Dissolution described in and attached to the proxy statement. Of the cash holding, the breakdown as at May 30, 2017 was as follows:             Amount USD Equivalent   CNY 205,182,913 29,905,686 EUR 3,996 4,467 GBP 2,888 3,714 HKD 3,185,270 408,716 USD 98,944,698 98,944,698 Total 129,267,281   Any material changes to the JFC’s cash position will be announced as soon as practicable. As described in the proxy statement, JFC assets held through the Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (‘QFII’) program may only be repatriated once approved by Chinese regulators, the timing of which is not known. These assets will be held in Renminbi until such time that approval is granted. As a result, stockholders will not receive the net asset value, less liquidation costs, for these assets in the liquidating distribution, and instead will receive an interest in a liquidating trust that is anticipated to make additional distributions to stockholders upon repatriation of amounts under the QFII program. It is our intention that proceeds paid in the liquidating distribution by the Fund will be treated as liquidation proceeds for non-US holders. This release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy, nor shall there be any sale of Fund securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the laws of such state or jurisdiction. The Fund is a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company whose shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange. The Fund trades under the symbol “JFC.” The Fund seeks to achieve long-term capital appreciation through investments primarily in equity securities of companies with substantial assets in, or revenues derived from, the People’s Republic of China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau–collectively, the China Region. JPMorgan Fund Services, in Boston, MA is the Fund’s accounting and administrative agent. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mcduffie County Church Fire Ruled Undetermined Next PostNext Global Aerostat Systems Market is expected to grow at the CAGR of 9.4% during the forecast period 2017 – 2025: Brisk Insights Search Recent Posts FWC encourages safe boating during Billy Bowlegs Pirate Festival Victory! Oregon Governor Kate Brown Signs Transgender Equality Bill Putty for Mac 8.0 Has Been Released Cavalier projects $2M loss for FY17 NZ property values rise at the slowest pace in two years Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. bank shares decline on trading revenue concerns By Reuters Published: 15:49 EDT, 31 May 2017 | Updated: 15:49 EDT, 31 May 2017 e-mail By Sinead Carew May 31 (Reuters) - Shares in U.S. banks fell on Wednesday, with the S&amp;P 500 bank index hitting its lowest level since late 2016, after JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America Corp warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter. The bank index fell as much as 2.34 percent. Bank of America and JPMorgan each fell more than 2 percent and were the biggest drags on the S&amp;P 500. Goldman Sachs , which is in the S&amp;P financial sector index, fell 3.7 percent after it gave a trading update. JPMorgan's trading revenue has fallen 15 percent so far in the second quarter, its chief financial officer, Marianne Lake, told investors at a conference. She would not provide a prediction for June. Bank of America Chief Executive Officer Brian Moynihan, meanwhile, told investors the bank's second-quarter trading revenue would be lower than a year ago. "It's especially difficult because of the year-over-year comparison. The first and second quarter in 2016 were fairly busy on the trading front," said R.J. Grant, head of trading at Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods in New York. Investors were disappointed that JPMorgan's CFO did not predict a turnaround for June, Grant said. "People are digging in for a bit of a slower summer here," he said. "If the big banks don't see anything on the horizon, then it potentially does not bode well for others. Volatility is non-existent. It's difficult to generate trading volumes or commissions or when the VIX is at historically low levels." The U.S. stock market's main gauge of investor anxiety closed at its lowest level in over two decades on May 8. The CBOE Volatility Index was up 4.8 percent at 10.88 on Wednesday. Goldman Sachs President David Solomon declined to give specifics about the bank´s trading business at an investor conference, but said subdued volatility - which depressed client activity in the first quarter - continued into April and May. JPMorgan shares were last down 2.5 percent at $81.84 after hitting their lowest level since Dec. 2, with trading volume 1.3 times the 10-day moving average. Bank of America shares were down 2.9 percent at $22.17 after earlier hitting a low of $22.09, also in heavy trading. Citigroup Corp was down 2 percent at $60.38 while Huntington Bancshares Inc was the second biggest percentage loser in the bank subsector with a 2.6 percent drop. Goldman Sachs shares hit their lowest point since late November and were last down 3.7 at $210.43 after hitting a low of $209.62. Trading volume in the stock was 1.8 times its 10-day moving average. (Reporting by Sinead Carew, David Henry, Dan Freed and Olivia Oran; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Paul Simao) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS What a handful! Cheeky Travis Scott gets a firm grip on Kylie Jenner's derriere during PDA-heavy outing in Los Angeles She can be a handful Geri Horner sizzles in red figure-hugging cocktail dress as she puts on an affectionate display with husband Christian at End The Silence charity bash All of me! Topless Chrissy Teigen guards her modesty as she shows off her fresh spray tan on Snapchat Shared a naked picture on social media Braless Amanda Holden nearly bares all in dress with high split for BGT semi-finals... after vowing to spark 'Ofcom complaints' with her racy ensembles  'I used to have full-scale meltdowns in bathing suit shops': Ariel Winter reveals breast augmentation gave her confidence to sizzle in swimwear 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  So nice she wore them twice! Pippa Middleton dons the same $200 espadrilles she wore to lunch on Wednesday - as she exits Sydney with a smile  Hello boys! Love Island beauties Jess Shears, Camilla Thurlow and Chloe Crowhurst flaunt their figures in skimpy bikinis for sizzling shoot ahead of show's return 'That's insane!' Kendall Jenner bangs on table as family reacts to Caitlyn's memoir... and Kim Kardashian admits to reading the whole thing Emily Ratajkowski poses NUDE as her friend shares cheeky throwback snap of the actress flaunting her peachy derriere Stripped off  'Are you sure that's a bruise?': Jesy Nelson is accused of photoshopping her pics as fans question mysterious black mark on her stomach  'He taught me how to be a dad': Peter Andre praises former stepson Harvey Price... after ex-wife Katie claimed he 'no longer sees' the teenager Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her taut midriff as she takes daughter Penelope to paint class... while ex Scott Disick is spotted with EIGHTH woman No more beef! Bella Thorne grabs a greasy biteto eat...after shrugging off humiliating trip with sex addict Scott Disick She's moving on Simon Cowell rolls his eyes as Ned Woodman, 9, makes the BGT final... after child comic dubbed judges 'desperate losers' and called Amanda Holden a DOG 'You sexist pig!' Simon Cowell is deemed 'anti-feminist' by BGT viewers as he tells female magician Josephine he likes her LEGS but not her act Sushi date! Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid enjoy a relaxed dinner together at their favorite restaurant Nobu in NYC Best friends reunited in the city Too much Cigarettes and Alcohol? Comeback kid Liam Gallagher sidesteps VERY excited female fan... as he rules out Oasis reunion at Manchester benefit gig New direction? Kesha steps out for lunch as it's revealed Eagles Of Death Metal cut two tracks with her for her third album Casual 'She didn't want any spoilers': Justin Theroux says wife Jennifer Aniston won't 'run lines with me' for The Leftovers because she's a fan 'She will beat this': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi says star, 68, will use cannabis oil following second breast cancer diagnosis 'Some of my fave people!' Kim Kardashian shares heartwarming photo of baby Saint and grandma Mary Jo on Instagram Happy families David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their bid to overturn a £700million tax bill after investing in controversial film schemes Ellie Goulding dazzles in a striking sequinned black gown before changing into glittering gold frock at London charity bash Glittering Smitten Richard Gere, 67, can't keep his hands off girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 34, at premiere of his new film Norman in Madrid... after tactile display with blonde Amanda Holden has been wearing 'nipple covers' for Britain's Got Talent live shows as her assets continue to steal the limelight Focal point  Bell bottom beauty! Amanda Peet goes casual in white sweater and VERY wide black flares at Brockmire event in LA Stepped out to lobby  Smooth sailing! Lindsey Vonn sizzles in red bikini as she enjoys yacht time with boyfriend Kenan Smith during yacht time in Monaco Shocking video of Tiger Woods during his DUI arrest shows the beleaguered barefoot golfer swaying, rolling his eyes and slurring his words in sobriety tests  Revenge is a dish best served in lingerie! Ashley Graham flaunts her incredible figure for racy selfie... after revealing she was bullied at school Upstaged by his own beard! Scruffy Jim Carrey is wild and bushy at LA premiere of his Showtime comedy I'm Dying Up Here Scruffy appearance 'I was resigned to dying': Fern Britton was left 'fighting for her life' after contracting sepsis following routine hysterectomy Health scare 'What's wrong with your leg?' Ant McPartlin sparks concern after fans spot presenter sporting brace... after he appeared to have difficulty walking on BGT X-rated fun! Kendall Jenner films Cara Delevingne jumping around on inflatable breasts at the Museum of Sex in New York City Freeing the nipple 'I thought he was joking!' Katie Derham reveals her husband John proposed on the first night they met... but she mistook him for a BOUNCER Jim Carrey set to face trial over the fatal overdose of his ex-girlfriend after wrongful death lawsuit alleged he supplied the drugs that killed her 'They're just milking that cow for money!' Kirsten Dunst slams new Spider Man reboot... as she reveals 'it's time to have babies and chill' in candid interview Oopsy Daisy! Former Strictly contestant Lowe appears to have two left feet as she takes an embarrassing tumble after attending pal Alexa Chung's fashion party Taylor Swift scores early legal victory over DJ she claims grabbed her rear... but must face jury trial over allegation she had him fired Sweet charity! Jerry and Jessica Seinfeld take the kids to a philanthropic party in New York's Central Park Jerry stepped out for a good cause Not Di-sick of partying yet? Scott cosies up to woman number EIGHT as he boards a private jet after raucous week in Cannes with a bevy of beauties Fighting to survive: Idris Elba and Kate Winslet are lost in the wilderness in new trailer for The Mountain Between Us Oscar-winner Winslet Phwoar-saw! Joanna Krupa flashes serious underboob as she attends fashion show in native Poland Special appearance Johnny Depp was kept in the dark about his finances and his sister used his money, claims whistleblower who worked for his former business managers Michelle Williams to star alongside Amy Schumer in upcoming comedy I Feel Pretty Michelle is best known for her serious acting work Keeping under wraps! Erin McNaught covers up after stripping off and stunning fans with her incredibly toned pregnancy figure at 24 weeks Rapper and former Justin Bieber sidekick Lil Twist is ordered to pay $1.5million to former child star Chris Massey following assault Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst DENIES dumping Jon Clark to appear on the dating show... after TOWIE star branded her an 'evil b***h' Hedging your bets? The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell has yet to return her fiance Ben Higgins' ring after calling off engagement  The ring should go back Lunch to go! Lisa Rinna steps out makeup-free in grey sweater as she picks up food from Hollywood eatery Trendy slippers Tough session! Shirtless Justin Bieber steps out of boxing gym... and into the dentist after chipping a tooth Not what he expected Chloe Grace Moretz cuddles up to her pet pooch Pearl... as she stands up against 'fat-shaming' trailer for her new animated film Keeping good company EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Potty-mouth chef Gordon Ramsay claims the Queen uses the same fruity language that he favours The Moore the merrier! Mandy shows off assets in clinging white top as she mingles with fans at TV show taping Former princess of pop turned actress The Clooneys' countdown to TWINMAGEDDON: How George and Amal are preparing for double trouble (as they babies' arrival gets ever closer) New parents Storm and Ronan Keating enjoy a night off nappy duties as they pucker up on the red carpet at End The Silence charity bash Joint appearance 'I am just as appalled and angry as everyone else': Chloe Moretz apologizes for body shaming ad for her new animated film Upcoming animated film 'Someone bring us cake!' Pregnant Ferne McCann opens up about food cravings... after asking mind reader to predict baby's sex on Britain's Got Talent 'Together again!'  Bionic Woman Lindsay Wagner and Six Million Dollar Man Lee Majors reunite on set of family-friendly movie Reunited Back to his Becks! David Beckham smoulders in new watch campaign as he makes return to modelling following maligned King Arthur film cameo 'We love living together': Ariel Winter, 19, hits back at critics who say her boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, is too old for her Love has no age Bumping along! Orange Is The New Black actor Jason Biggs and pregnant wife Jenny Mollen enjoy sunny stroll in Manhattan Shopping spree Iron hug! Arnold Schwarzenegger gives his handsome son Patrick an affectionate squeeze in Beverly Hills Still honoring the veterans days  'I'm ruthless': Gwyneth Paltrow says she's 'milked the f*** out of every opportunity' as she talks divorce, aging and movie burn out Determined Make-up free Lily Collins flashes a glimpse of her gym-honed physique in tight leggings with sheer panels as she hits the gym  That was close! Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman suffer awkward 'near miss' when they're both booked to appear James Corden's late night talk show Winter wonderland? Mila Kunis shoots snow filled scene for A Bad Mom's Christmas... during sweltering Atlanta weather On set Vogue Williams flashes her tanned curves in bright neon bikini on the beach in Marbella... as she admits she's pining for beau Spencer Matthews Jenna Dewan celebrates hit ratings for World of Dance premiere over breakfast with hunky husband Channing Tatum Date  Leggy Lucy Watson is towered over by Ianthe Rose at Wonder Woman screening in London... after premiere was cancelled following Manchester attack Red hot! Gigi Hadid keeps it casual cool in crimson top and matching shades while out in New York Laid-back supermodel style Rude Boy! Rihanna steps out at celebrity hot spot Nobu after being fat-shamed by sports writer  Star kept a low profile following incident 'I hope it's not weird': Love Island newbie Camilla Thurlow reveals she's 'excited' to meet host Caroline Flack as they've BOTH been linked to Prince Harry FIRST LOOK: Jessica Biel is covered in blood after 'an inexplicable fit of rage' while at the beach with her family in stills from upcoming series The Sinner Red hot mama! Brazilian bombshell Alessandra Ambrosio looks like a 10 in her flattering red swimsuit as she struts her stuff in Malibu Supercalifragilistic showman! James Corden dons drag as he recreates classic scenes from Mary Poppins on the streets of London  FIRST LOOK: Big Brother 2017's VERY chintzy house is unveiled as fans count down to 'extremely revealing' new series  Sneak peek Andrew Garfield dons a curly wig and performs a BACKFLIP as he lip syncs to Whitney Houston in hilarious clip  Centre stage Gabourey gone wild! Sidibe has the time of her life while zooming around on jet ski on luxury yacht vacation in Barbados Living it up Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez flaunts her leggy figure in perilously short hot pants and heels as they enjoy a shopping trip in Madrid 'Dungeon and torture chamber': Bethenny Frankel bursts into tears twice on RHONY under stress from ex Reality star lost it on two occasions 'Life on the ocean waves': Corrie's Samia Longchambon flaunts her slim figure in a swimsuit as she holidays with skating pro husband Sylvain 'I want her to be named after me': Pregnant Serena Williams shows off her baby bump as sister Venus confirms she is expecting a girl at the French Open Bumping along in a bikini! The Hills veteran Lauren Conrad shows off heavily pregnant tummy while promoting swimwear line Baby joy Coronation Street's Ben Price says emotional goodbye to on-screen arch nemesis Peter Barlow after filming his final scenes as Nick Tilsley Newlyweds Pippa and James continue second leg of their honeymoon with a romantic date night - hours after they scaled the Sydney Harbour Bridge  Stella Maxwell and girlfriend Kristen Stewart dangerously hang out of a car window as they go to extreme lengths to get the perfect photo  'She was so shaken up': Former Fifth Harmony singer Camila Cabello 'had no words' when she spoke to Ariana Grande following Manchester attack Donna Air looks the picture of elegance as she stuns in a ruffled silk halterneck gown at star-studded Golden Gala in London Leading the glamour Chris Martin enjoys boys' time with son Moses, 11, in Disneyland ahead of Coldplay's set at Manchester attack benefit concert Tangerine dream! Zilda Williams strips down to a tiny string bikini after revealing her DDs have BALLOONED in size to an E-cup and are now 'too big' Jennifer Garner disowns People magazine cover she didn't agree to as she denies reports she's scared to date after Ben Affleck divorce filing Their secret weapon! New Game Of Thrones shots with Stark family might have accidentally revealed massive season seven spoiler Spoiler EXCLUSIVE: If looks could kill! Tori Spelling shows up nearly an hour late to stepson's high school graduation and gets the stink eye by Dean McDermott's ex She wore an itsy bitsy teeny tiny bikini! Shanina Shaik sizzles as she shows off her cleavage in sexy swimwear for NEXT Pin-up Ewan McGregor's Fargo accent is part Abba, part Deputy Dawg: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV Channel 4's Fargo  Children of Hollywood: Chanel muse Lily-Rose Depp, Sistine Stallone and Willow Smith lead the glamour at 2017 Métiers D'art runway show in Tokyo 'My dad tracks my phone once a day': Sofia Richie reveals Lionel keeps tabs on her as she's seen without 'homie' Scott Disick after romance rumours Sweet Harmony! Former girl group member Camila Cabello puts on a busty display in sexy photo shoot for Guess Centre stage 'All I felt was rage': Comedy Central's Trevor Noah recalls horror of hearing his mother was shot by stepfather The Daily Show host EXCLUSIVE: She's a knockout - and has brains too! Daughter of Rocky star Sylvester Stallone graduates cum laude from $15,000-a-year high school  Cream of the crop! Former TOWIE star Jasmin Walia puts on a leggy display in shimmering nude mini dress and perspex heels in Ibiza Megan McKenna dons a strapless bra in sultry behind-the-scenes snap at photoshoot... as it's claimed her ex Jordan Davies is set 'explosive' appearance on CBB 'Where are the women of colour?' Alexa Chung fans blast an Instagram snap of her debut fashion show for lack of diversity Debut fashion show  Blac Chyna steps out in shirt bearing her own portrait... amid claims ex Rob Kardashian is now dating lookalike Meghan James Self promotion 'My cat could have written it in 10 minutes!': Noel Gallagher blasts Harry Styles' solo single as he claims Simon Cowell has 'ruined' the pop industry Grey's Anatomy favourite Ellen Pompeo shows off stylish 'modern barn' Hamptons retreat for Architectural Digest Beautiful home  Sean Connery takes a stroll around NYC with his wife Micheline Roquebrune... as he steps out for first time since ex co-star Molly Peters passed away 'They were shaken': Jonas Brothers patriarch reveals colon cancer battle and details the reaction of his famous sons Health woes  'What a time to reunite!' Fans go wild with speculation feuding Liam and Noel Gallagher will reform Oasis for Manchester benefit concert this weekend Producer Harvey Weinstein rushed by Cannes cops after he walks right past security checkpoints at AmFAR Sidestepped security checkpoints Trying to start a trend? Drew Barrymore again steps out in bizarre orange sunglasses that look borrowed from Star Wars wardrobe department Move over, Dakota! Johnson's little sister Stella Banderas shows off her bikini body during trip to Italy to take in the Gucci fashion show Stealing the show 'So sorry to people behind!' Ashley James sizzles in racy pink swimsuit during Marbella break... but apologises for racy THONG cut Swanky outfit! Hilary wears look from her new Mission Statement brand as she talks up the range for women-on-the-go Leggy look Fearne Cotton nails colour blocking chic in vibrant purple sweater and mismatched red flares as she arrives at BBC Radio studios Bright 'She still says Ben was the love of her life': Jennifer Garner is 'NOT dating yet'... even though Affleck moved out of their mansion a month ago New squeeze? Ex On The Beach's Charlotte Dawson passionately kisses mystery man in Manchester... three months after Matt Sarsfield split  Sports writer slammed for calling Rihanna 'FAT' and claiming her 'tough to stomach' look will set a 'dangerous precedent' - years after joking about her being beaten She's high on endorphins! Reese Witherspoon can't wipe the smile off her face after a tough yoga session Beaming In full bloom! Pregnant Princess Sofia of Sweden displays her baby bump for the first time in a vivid pink dress Glowing Keeping up with Kanye! Kendall Jenner signs on as the face of sportswear giant Adidas Originals Fronting the brand's new campaign Shame-less of her to go around! Tina Malone flaunts slender physique in barely-there bikini as she preens and pouts poolside in Cyprus  Showing weight loss The dapper Duke! Prince Philip looks smart in a straw boater as he throws a reception to celebrate London Youth's 130th anniversary Debbie Douglas reveals she is quitting TOWIE along with daughter Lydia Bright... but insists her decision has 'no link at all' to James Argent's return 'We're old school': Nicole Kidman reveals Keith Urban and her never text... as she shows off her lithe legs for InStyle cover shoot Old fashioned romance Throwing shade! Bikini-clad Bella Hadid parties on Lewis Hamilton's yacht with fashionista Sophie Hermann and Winnie Harlow in Monte Carlo Pretty in sparkly pink! Elle Fanning wears a cardigan embellished with blingy rhinestones for shopping trip in Los Angeles  Fresh from Cannes Keeping him young at heart! Bruce Willis, 62, enjoys picnic with wife Emma, 38, and little daughters in Central Park Doting dad Bachelorette contestant Michael Nance 'died of overdose at sober living home,' claims former reality TV co-star On show in 2012 Ring-Ring a ding dong! Joanna Krupa shows off her lithe limbs as she poses with kitschy telephones and colourful ice-creams in Candyland pin-up shoot Rebel Wilson's sister is so convinced she's related to Walt Disney she almost named her daughter after him - as the actress wheels her family out in court  Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her beautiful bump in a nude lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys relaxing baby-moon in Thailand In Koh Samui That's a quick change! Ellie Goulding displays her hourglass curves in TWO waist-cinching ensembles as she steps out in style for radio appearance 'I didn't believe I would have healthy, positive relationships': Jamie Foxx's daughter Corrine details her struggle with anxiety that started when she was  14 'We changed it to Mysterious Girl': Peter Andre recalls how hit pop song was once called Mysterious Man  90s classic could have been very different 'I see definition and muscles': Confident Vicky Pattison is pleased as punch as she poses in a very skimpy bikini after three day juicing detox 'If anyone wants me...' Former Emmerdale and Hollyoaks actress Sheree Murphy pleads for a job on another soap during live TV interview Heidi Klum catches the eye in breezy kaftan summer dress as she tucks into an ice-cream during picturesque Greek getaway Sunshine break Style in black and white! Karlie Kloss wears a simply chic look as she embraces a post-Memorial Day sanctioned shade  Understated ensemble Jessie Wallace dresses down in her gym gear as she takes her dog for a walk... after ratings for her EastEnders spin-off Redwater 'drop by 2m' Texting an apology? Solo Ruby Rose checks her phone in Beverly Hills days after admitting she REGRETS mocking Katy Perry's 'Taylor Swift diss track' 'I can't believe how responsible I am!': Pink says she loves her family life with husband of 11 years Carey Hart... after they survived TWO splits Glamorous Kelly Rohrbach displays her svelte model figure in striking one-shouldered jumpsuit as she steps out for dinner in Berlin  Striking beauty Enjoying that, Mr Scoff-ield? TV host Phillip chows down on a burger during family holiday in LA with wife Stephanie and daughters Molly and Ruby 'Every tantalising thread was snipped': The Americans season finale receives solid yet underwhelming reviews... as FX series gears up for last chapter Hardly under cover! Bianca Gascoigne almost spills out of her skimpy camouflage print bikini as she splashes around in the pool in Ibiza 'I used to watch him do tricks': BGT finalist Issy Simpson, 8, hits back at fix claims as she reveals magician grandfather and Harry Potter inspired routine Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning figure in barely-there yellow bikini as she hits the shores with husband Wayne and their sons during Barbados break  If I Was Your (Cow)boyfriend! Justin Bieber looks delighted with his bizarre choice of outfit as he struts around NYC in stetson and bold gold jacket BGT makes way for Manchester: ITV's Britain's Got Talent final MOVED from Sunday to Saturday night to ensure Ariana Grande's benefit gig is not overshadowed Orlando Bloom's proud mother 'sends copies of her actor son's CV' to newspapers detailing his 'meteoric rise to fame' and stellar reviews Chloe Madeley flaunts pert posterior and taut abs as she slips into bra and knickers for raunchy Instagram snaps She's worked hard EXCLUSIVE: Kardashians score another victory in battle over scrapped beauty line - as appeal from company using their likeness is tossed out 'He was just such an inspiring performer': Dev Patel's girlfriend Tilda Cobham-Hervey, 22, gushes over late actor Heath Ledger  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The cheek of it! Jamie Laing cops a feel of his bikini-clad girlfriend Frankie Gaff's derriere as they join their co-stars on a lavish yacht  Size 22 Tess Holliday bashes a Snow White poster that labels a short, curvy version of the princess 'less beautiful' than the VERY svelte original  He's Scott the dollars! An unusually shy Kylie Jenner flaunts her slim waist in sexy low-slung jeans as boyfriend Travis carries huge wad of cash on date Princess Mary has a Princess Diana moment as her white trousers turn see-through in the sunlight as she steps out in Stockholm Oops moment The beaming Queen! Monarch is all smiles as she dons turquoise outfit and displays a chic new hairstyle at a luncheon in London  Fresh new crop 'I was a disaster of a boyfriend!' Keri Russell and Scott Speedman dish on their past relationship and reveal whether there will be a Felicity reunion Making a splash Down Under! Pippa and new hubby James Matthews climb into a water taxi in Sydney as they take honeymoon to Australia after private island trip Mini magician Issy Simpson, 8, soars through to BGT final amid 'fix' claims as she receives the most votes... after Alesha nearly RUINED her trick Top family! Richard Hammond enjoys a night out with wife Amanda and daughters Isabella and Willow during a break from The Grand Tour 'I'm greedy and fat...but I'm not insane': Dame Judi Dench appears as stubborn Queen Victoria in the trailer for upcoming biographical drama Victoria & Abdul 'Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry sports perilously short mini during filming... after viewers BLAST her 'vile drunken sex antics' in alarming new scenes 'I wish it was you that was dead and not mum': Jeff Brazier reveals 'worst thing' his sons have said to him as they deal with their mother Jade Goody's death TOWIE's Amber Turner shows off sensationally slender figure in glitzy peach bikini as she hits the beach in Marbella  Hit the sun-soaked beach with a pal Michael Jackson's ex-wife Debbie Rowe accidentally BURNS DOWN her friend's cottage in Vermont after helping her with some DIY What a blooming delight! 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford carries bouquet of flowers and gifts as she hugs fans at Sydney airport We'll take a paw-dicure: Paris Hilton takes her very well-dressed pooch to the salon as she steps out wearing colourful maxi dress  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson looks worse for wear in thigh-grazing dress for filming in Newcastle... hours after she flashed her bare breasts on TV 'There was no competition': Zac Efron says there was no rivalry with The Rock when it came to working out for Baywatch... after the movie FLOPS Smoking hot! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray flaunts her busty cleavage in sheer bikini bra as she poses with a morning cigarette  Busty display Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence dresses down as she steps out in Beverly Hills... after defending herself over THAT pole dancing routine 'She's irrelevant to everyone's lives': Love Island's Olivia Buckland and fiancé Alex Bowen cruelly take aim at Malin Andersson... as she brands couple 'bullies' Mel B ends rift with her mother Andrea as they pose for family photo... after the duo make amends after Spice Girl's split from husband Stephen Belafonte Beaming beauty! Delta Goodrem flashes taut torso in daring cut-out dress as she attends The Voice Australia live shows launch party in Sydney 'I guess we're good actors': Wonder Woman stars Gal Gadot and Chris Pine discuss their on-screen chemistry and THAT nude scene They play love interests  Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde slips into a skimpy bikini for Cape Verde beach day after revealing she's been body shamed for her 'too small' baby bump Going for breakfast at Tiffany's? Myleene Klass channels Audrey Hepburn in monochrome shift dress and yellow heels as she heads to work Nicola Peltz flashes her bra in sheer sweater as she enjoys cosy date night with model boyfriend Anwar Hadid Transformers actress put on a racy display  Feeling nippy? Supermodel Shanina Shaik goes BRALESS as she flaunts cleavage in low-cut black leotard Former Victoria's Secret model  'I was treated like a freak': Former Strictly judge Arlene Phillips was told she wouldn't be able to bond with her daughter after giving birth aged 47 Rochelle Humes is left red-faced AGAIN and has to apologise for a second day running as Jordana Brewster swears live on breakfast TV Summer starts here! Bikini-clad Abbey Clancy flashes her pert bottom as she takes a well earned break after completing work on Britain's Next Top Model Look away Dolph! Muscleman's model daughter Ida Lundgren goes TOPLESS in nothing but bikini briefs for sultry snap on the beach Censoring herself! Kylie Jenner places emojis over her sheer bra as she promotes lip kit on Snapchat Maintained her modesty with stars 'I get to press the scary buzzer!' Simon Cowell's mini-me son Eric, 3, steals the show on America's Got Talent as he takes his father's place on judging panel How does she do it? Pregnant Erin McNaught STRIPS DOWN to her underwear as she shows off bare baby bump and enviably toned frame at 24 weeks 'It's my dream come true': Alanis Morissette's Jagged Little Pill album is set to be turned into a musical It's more than 20 years old Coleen Rooney highlights her svelte frame in a plunging cream beach dress as she joins husband Wayne and their sons for Barbados beach day 'If I could take back decisions I made': Geordie Shore's Zahida Allen pens heartfelt apology to beau Sean Pratt in lengthy open letter on social media SPOILER ALERT: Violence between Beth and Nathan, Daniel threatens to kill himself and Nick gets caught in QUICKSAND as Corrie's late nights take a turn Olivia Newton-John, 68, reveals breast cancer has returned and spread to her back 25 years after she was first diagnosed  Cancelled tour 'People will sell their mum to get on Love Island!' Reality stars throw support behind TOWIE's Jon Clark after Chloe Crowhurst RUNS AWAY for the show That holiday glow! Lara Bingle looks radiant in all black ensemble as she returns from luxury vacation in Turks and Caicos Sydney airport  Kate goes gaga for Superga! The Duchess of Cambridge can't get enough of her £50 trainers (and sales of the shoes have DOUBLED) Kaya Scodelario sparks controversy after revealing a monkey would 'projectile vomit all the time' on set of Pirates Of Caribbean 'Hello, young lady!' Lionel Richie FaceTimes daughter Sofia while she cavorts around France with 'sex addict' pal Scott Disick  New companion EXCLUSIVE: Things are looking up for Chelsea Manning as she gets her eyes tested in NYC after trading military prison for the high life in the Big Apple Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/oops-jpmorgan-just-broke-the-financial-sector-1496246311 Stocks to Watch Oops. JPMorgan Just Broke the Financial Sector. JPMorgan Chase's revelation that trading volume is down from a year ago has caused bank stocks to drop today. By Ben Levisohn May 31, 2017 11:58 a.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large As JPMorgan Chase (JPM) goes, so goes the financial sector. Illustration: Agence France-Presse/Getty Images What do I mean? JPMorgan is so big, and operates across so many businesses, that it is often considered a bellwether for other banks stocks. That's true on the upside--remember when JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon made a big purchase of his company stock back in February 2016, signaling the market low?--but also true on the downside. And the revelation that JPMorgan's trading revenue is down 15% from a year ago, made at an industry conference today, has done just that--caused financial stocks to tumble. The Wall Street Journal's Emily Glazer reports: J.P. Morgan Chase JPM -2.06% & Co. finance chief Marianne Lake said the bank’s trading so far is down about 15% year-over-year though she won’t forecast for the coming quarter. Ms. Lake, speaking at an industry investor presentation Wednesday, said that is a “normal seasonal decline” for the markets business from the first quarter to the second quarter. That comment caused bank stocks that rely on trading for big chunk of their business--Goldman Sachs (GS), Bank of America (BAC), Citigroup (C), and Morgan Stanley (MS), among them--to tumble. How bad are the drops? JPMorgan Chase has fallen 2% to $82.21 at 11:38 a.m. today, while Bank of America has dropped 2.5% to $22.26, Citigroup has slumped 2.5% to $60.11, and Morgan Stanley is off 2.2% at $41.33. The Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLF) has fallen 1.2% to $23.18, making financials the worst market sector today. And then there's Goldman Sachs. Its shares have tumbled 3.3% to $211.20, and its stock has broken its 200-day moving average: Illustration: FactSet That can't be good. Text Size Regular Medium Large Stocks Ben Levisohn ben.levisohn@barrons.com • @Ben_levisohn PREVIOUS General Electric: Is the Dividend Safe? NEXT U.S. Steel: A Bull in the Steel Shop? Most Popular Oops. JPMorgan Just Broke the Financial Sector. Battle Lines: Dow Ends May Higher. What Will June Bring? General Electric: Is the Dividend Safe? Berkshire Buys Even More Sirius Tracking Stock You Won’t Have to Wait for That iPhone 8 Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Obituaries Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 54° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today A mainly sunny sky. High 82F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Partly cloudy in the evening followed by scattered thunderstorms after midnight. Low 58F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 40%. Updated: June 1, 2017 @ 1:55 am Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close Mark Lennihan FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, May 31, 2017, as energy companies tumble with the price of oil. Banks also slipped following a drop in bond yields and interest rates the day before. Technology companies continued to surge. Chipmaker Analog Devices is up after its quarterly results were better than Wall Street had expected. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) AP Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss By JOE McDONALD AP Business Writer May 31, 2017 Updated 2 hrs ago 0 Mark Lennihan FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, May 31, 2017, as energy companies tumble with the price of oil. Banks also slipped following a drop in bond yields and interest rates the day before. Technology companies continued to surge. Chipmaker Analog Devices is up after its quarterly results were better than Wall Street had expected. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) BEIJING (AP) — Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,102.21 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1 percent to 19,854.27. Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.4 percent to 25,752.44 and Seoul's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 2,344.29. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.2 percent to 5,733.90 and benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Southeast Asia also advanced. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. "Yesterday's official PMI reading had hinted at growth having remained broadly stable last month," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. "But today's downbeat unofficial PMI suggests conditions may not have held up as well as previously thought." Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce a decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 38 cents to $48.70 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 40 cents to $51.16 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.92 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1244 from $1.1247. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business General News Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Financial Markets Banking And Credit Financial Services Pound Sterling Currency Markets Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy Japanese Yen Technology Electronic Parts Manufacturing Industrial Products And Services × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Trending now Morgan ready to take on 'dream job' as Muscatine athletic director Muscatine family celebrates Lacina's 'Survivor' win Highway 61 traffic cam turned off while Muscatine appeals court ruling Muscatine police looking for information in assault investigation Longtime waitress spreads her wings to open Birdsley's Diner Business Directory Latest Local Offers Beckey Insurance & Financial Services Ask me today about our Employee Benefits (Group Health, Group Life, Group Disability) • Succession Plans • Call today for more information - 563-263-9700 May 5, 2017 Non-Emergency Transport Do you need a prompt, safe and comfortable ride to the airport? Non-Emergency Transport offers rides to the The Eastern Iowa Airport and Quad City International Airport! May 5, 2017 Latest e-Edition The Muscatine Journal 2 hours ago Related Related Page A1 Page A2 Page A3 Page A4 Page A5 Page A6 Page B1 Page B2 (0) More on this topic New Jersey Powerball winners use jackpot to help others Subway delays lead one college graduate to celebrate commencement on train States, cities pledge action on climate even without Trump A tool to protect police dogs in drug raids from overdosing Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Currents +4 Election 2016 Live A closer look at Jared Kushner and the back story of back channels Home and Garden Where are the most expensive places to live? Entertainment Slideshow: Best-selling books Today’s top pics: French Open tournament action and more Your daily 6: Kathy Griffin goes too far, Trump mocks his own typo Today's Birthdays, May 31: Clint Eastwood Today In History, May 31: "Deep Throat" Eric Young Jr.'s first homer lead Angels to 2-1 win Scherzer Ks 11 in 5-hitter as Nationals sweep Giants, 3-1 From Hockey 101, Preds bring Stanley Cup Final to Music City Stephen Curry ready to take back championship that got away TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Student 'graduates' on the subway Graham rips Comey for misleading Congress New police bodycam footage of Pulse shooting New video shows Tiger Woods' sobriety test Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania.com Topics & Features Obituaries e-Edition Weather Contact us River levels Online features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   News updated: 5/31/2017 9:43 PM Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, May 31, 2017, as energy companies tumble with the price of oil. Banks also slipped following a drop in bond yields and interest rates the day before. Technology companies continued to surge. Chipmaker Analog Devices is up after its quarterly results were better than Wall Street had expected. Associated Press   By JOE McDONALD     BEIJING -- Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,102.21 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1 percent to 19,854.27. Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.4 percent to 25,752.44 and Seoul's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 2,344.29. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.2 percent to 5,733.90 and benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Southeast Asia also advanced. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. "Yesterday's official PMI reading had hinted at growth having remained broadly stable last month," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. "But today's downbeat unofficial PMI suggests conditions may not have held up as well as previously thought." TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce a decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 38 cents to $48.70 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 40 cents to $51.16 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.92 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1244 from $1.1247. Tweet This article filed under: News Nation/World Associated Press Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2017 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Get Your Summer On Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox AM Big Banks Can Grow EPS 11% a Year Bank of America, JPMorgan, Citigroup and Goldman may reach total returns of up to 15%. May 31, 2017 12:33 p.m. ET Credit Suisse Herein we update and review the fundamentals underpinning bank earnings. To summarize the data points: 1) loan growth is slower; commercial and industrial (C&I) loan growth has turned positive quarter-over-quarter; 2) deposit growth continues to marginally outpace loan growth, supporting low retail deposit betas, and with that, low single digit quarter-over-quarter net income interest (NII) growth; 3)... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Oops. JPMorgan Just Broke the Financial Sector. Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Battle Lines: Dow Ends May Higher. What Will June Bring? Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. General Electric: Is the Dividend Safe? Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Berkshire Buys Even More Sirius Tracking Stock Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. You Won’t Have to Wait for That iPhone 8 Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Should You Buy Bitcoin? 2 Barron's Bounce: Ford, International Paper, Foot Locker 3 Barron's Buzz: New Man at the Wheel at Ford Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss     By Joe McDonald, The Associated Press June 1, 2017 12:26 AM     BEIJING — Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while most other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 per cent to 3,101.37 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1.1 per cent to 19,867.93. Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.3 per cent to 25,749.34 and Seoul's Kospi shed 0.1 per cent to 2,344.14. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 was little-changed at 5,730.90 and India's Sensex also was unchanged at 31,164.38. Benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Southeast Asia advanced. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost less than 0.1 per cent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 per cent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. "Yesterday's official PMI reading had hinted at growth having remained broadly stable last month," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. "But today's downbeat unofficial PMI suggests conditions may not have held up as well as previously thought." TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce whether he will pull the United States out of the 150-nation Paris climate accord. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump said he still was listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 48 cents to $48.80 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 45 cents to $51.21 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.95 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1246 from $1.1247.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *     Related Topics   business The Canadian Press 2017         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   GSMA Reveals Shortlist for 2017 Asia Mobile Awards NTT DATA Announces Strategic Investment and Expands Business Alliance with MarkLogic Gensource Announces First Closing of up to $6,000,000 Private Placement           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Search Tips Sign in New York Post latest in business Uber’s head of finance leaves as quarterly losses hit $708M May’s jobs report poised to be a success — but the truth is... Federal Reserves near agreement that the economy is terrible Cable giant Charter snubbed a buyout bid from Verizon JPMorgan, BofA warn trading this quarter is looking weak City to cut ties with Wells Fargo after fake-account scandal Kathy Griffin loses endorsement deal over ‘beheaded’ Trump pic Funds looking to oust Mylan directors over Epipen uproar Green funds rebound as ‘Trump can’t bring back coal’ Michael Kors is closing more stores as handbag sales tank Hillary Clinton is a winner when it comes to publishing world Battle between furnishing chains gets even weirder Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy JPMorgan, BofA warn trading this quarter is looking weak By Kevin Dugan View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) May 31, 2017 | 1:24pm Modal Trigger Getty Images More On: jpmorgan chase City stiffs its employees heading into holiday weekend Brexit will cost London thousands of banking jobs BJ’s Wholesale Club enlists JPMorgan to help find buyer Judge lets JPMorgan off the hook in crooked health aid suit Prepare for a banking bummer. Wall Street is gripping for a double-digit drop in second-quarter trading revenue as one of its biggest businesses, bond trading, suffers from tranquil markets and the Federal Reserve’s easy-money policies. JPMorgan Chase, the biggest bank in the US, is bracing for a 15-percent slide in bond trading — in part because optimism on Wall Street about President Trump’s tax-cutting agenda has kept markets so stable. “There’s not a lot to trade around right now,” Maryanne Lake, the Chief Financial Officer at JPMorgan Chase, said at an industry conference on Wednesday as she revealed the glum forecast. JPMorgan isn’t the only bank preparing for a dip. Bank of America will likely see a 10- to 12-percent dip in trading revenues, hurt in part by lower interest rates, Brian Moynihan, CEO of Bank of America, said at the conference. The news sent bank stocks down for the day. JPMorgan was off 2 percent by early afternoon, to $82.24. BofA shares fell 2.5 percent, to $22.25. Shares of Goldman Sachs, which suffered a disastrous quarter in the beginning of the year because of its weak bond trading, fell 3 percent, to $211.84. Market shocks are good for the trading business, since that gives traders a reason to buy bonds off spooked investors, then turn around and sell them to bullish ones. But with corporate profits rising, a strong labor market, and economic confidence near all-time highs, the bond market has been dry as dust. “There haven’t been that many idiosyncratic events, and we need a few more of them,” Lake added. Last year, banks saw a boost in trading late in the quarter thanks to the surprise results from the UK vote to leave the European Union. Last year, Lake said that there had been a “spike” in trading thanks to the “Brexit.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under bank of america ,  goldman sachs ,  jpmorgan chase ,  trading ,  wall street Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next City to cut ties with Wells Fargo after fake-account scand... Read Next City to cut ties with Wells Fargo after fake-account scand... Share Selection Columnists John Crudele May's jobs report poised to be a success — but the truth is in the details Keith J. Kelly Hillary Clinton is a winner when it comes to publishing world Steve Cuozzo Financial District becoming a mecca for movie theaters SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Trending Now on NYPost.com 85,930 Your meanest friend just wants the best for you, scientists say 70,413 In her bubble, Kathy Griffin thought nothing was out of bounds in mocking Trump 34,876 The government is spying on journalists to find leakers Now On The Tonys are right around the corner Maria Shriver and Arnold Schwarzenegger house hunt for their kids Rare Beatles display for sale in time for ‘Sgt. Pepper’ anniversary SEE ALL Video 0:34 Bear bump-and-grinds this tree like Magic Mike More Stories page six Maria Shriver and Arnold Schwarzenegger house hunt for their kids Now On Decider 10 Shocking Stories Behind Famous Sex Scenes nypost Your meanest friend just wants the best for you, scientists say New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC JPMorgan in trading drop Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now                                                                               JPMorgan Chase said revenue from its trading businesses has dropped 15% so far in the second quarter from the same period a year ago because of low market volatility. Bloomberg News reports that fixed-income trading is down for the first two months of the period and equities are up “slightly,” Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said Wednesday at an investor conference in New York. Lake said she doesn’t see any particular reason those trends would change in June. Revenue from the world’s biggest investment banks is likely to drop in the second quarter, ending a rebound in fixed income, analysts at New York-based JPMorgan said this month. The U.K.’s exit from the European Union and Donald Trump’s surprise election win fueled more wagers on corporate bonds and the direction of interest rates over the past year, boosting Wall Street trading revenue. Hit the link below to access the complete Bloomberg News article: JPMorgan Trading Revenue on Pace to Drop 15% This Quarter Bankers Warned Against ‘Letterbox’ Offices in EU After Brexit Show Comments And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2017 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ COMMENTS Show Comments Register for Financial Markets News Alerts About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Antero Midstream Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Antero Midstream Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research BB&T Securities LLC Invests $1.11 Million in Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BB&T Securities LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Antero Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:AM) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund acquired 33,515 shares of the pipeline company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,111,000. A number of other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of AM. Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors LP boosted its stake in Antero Midstream Partners by 30.7% in the first quarter. Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors LP now owns 2,969,700 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $98,460,000 after buying an additional 697,000 shares during the last quarter. Atlantic Trust Group LLC boosted its stake in Antero Midstream Partners by 33.9% in the first quarter. Atlantic Trust Group LLC now owns 1,581,678 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $52,448,000 after buying an additional 400,139 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Antero Midstream Partners by 26.8% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,526,482 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $50,618,000 after buying an additional 322,457 shares during the last quarter. Eagle Global Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Antero Midstream Partners during the first quarter valued at $10,628,000. Finally, Jennison Associates LLC boosted its stake in Antero Midstream Partners by 41.4% in the first quarter. Jennison Associates LLC now owns 502,616 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $16,667,000 after buying an additional 147,082 shares during the last quarter. 72.96% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) traded down 1.16% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $34.14. 89,147 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a market cap of $6.34 billion, a PE ratio of 25.14 and a beta of 2.02. Antero Midstream Partners LP has a 12 month low of $24.07 and a 12 month high of $35.74. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $33.71 and a 200 day moving average price of $32.77. Antero Midstream Partners (NYSE:AM) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 8th. The pipeline company reported $0.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.35. Antero Midstream Partners had a net margin of 37.41% and a return on equity of 18.72%. The firm had revenue of $174.77 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $184.45 million. On average, equities analysts forecast that Antero Midstream Partners LP will post $1.61 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, May 10th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, May 3rd were paid a dividend of $0.30 per share. The ex-dividend date was Monday, May 1st. This is an increase from Antero Midstream Partners’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.28. This represents a $1.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.47%. Antero Midstream Partners’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 98.25%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “BB&T Securities LLC Invests $1.11 Million in Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/bbt-securities-llc-invests-1-11-million-in-antero-midstream-partners-lp-am.html. AM has been the topic of several research reports. Capital One Financial Corp. initiated coverage on Antero Midstream Partners in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. They set an “overweight” rating on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc initiated coverage on Antero Midstream Partners in a research report on Monday. They set a “buy” rating and a $45.00 price objective on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG initiated coverage on Antero Midstream Partners in a research report on Tuesday. They set an “outperform” rating and a $44.00 price objective on the stock. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed an “overweight” rating on shares of Antero Midstream Partners in a research report on Tuesday. Finally, Scotiabank set a $44.00 price objective on Antero Midstream Partners and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, May 22nd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $38.18. About Antero Midstream Partners Antero Midstream Partners LP is a limited partnership formed by Antero Resources Corporation (Antero Resources) to own, operate and develop midstream energy assets to service Antero Resources’ production. The Company’s segments include gathering and compression, and water handling and treatment. The gathering and compression segment includes a network of gathering pipelines, compressor stations, and processing and fractionation plants that collect and process natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs) and oil from Antero Resources’ wells in West Virginia and Ohio. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Antero Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:AM). Receive News & Ratings for Antero Midstream Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Antero Midstream Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Bank Stocks Clobbered By JP Morgan Execs Disclosure Of 15% Decline In Trading ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Bank Stocks Clobbered By JP Morgan Execs Disclosure Of 15% Decline In Trading By Ciara Linnane Published May 31, 2017 Markets MarketWatch Pulse Facebook Twitter Print Bank stocks fell across the board Wednesday, after J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.'s Chief Financial Officer said trading is down about 15% in the second quarter. Marianne Lake told investors at an industry conference that the decline is a "normal seasonal" one that is typical moving from the first to the second quarters, The Wall Street Journal reported. She said fixed income was down, while equities were up slightly. "We're doing decently in a reasonably challenging environment," Ms. Lake said Wednesday. "Performance is quite good but there's not a lot to trade around right now....there haven't been that many exciting events and we need a few more of them," she said. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. led the decline, trading down 3.1%. Bank of America Corp. fell 2.7%, Citigroup Inc. was down 2.5%, Morgan Stanley fell 2.3% and J.P. Morgan was down 2.2%. The Financial Select Sector SPDR exchange-traded fund fell 1.2%, and is down 0.3% in 2017, while the S&P 500 has gained about 8%. Continue Reading Below Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc. Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Latest News Dow 21,009 -20.82 -0.10% Nasdaq 6,199 -4.67 -0.08% S&P 500 2,412 -1.11 -0.05% 3:01 A.M. ET French CAC 40 index opens up 0.1% to 5,289.26 3:01 A.M. ET German DAX 30 index opens flat at 12,625.35 3:01 A.M. ET FTSE 100 index opens up 0.3% to 7,541.19 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 index opens flat a 389.82 2:56 A.M. ET Updated Ohio sues 5 drug companies over opioid epidemic 2:36 A.M. ET Updated Here are the ways low-income Americans are treated like second-class citizens 2:35 A.M. ET Updated An Amazon engineer is letting people trade stocks with $50,000 of his own money 2:35 A.M. ET Updated Why HPE investors are wondering if they bet on the wrong horse in split 2:33 A.M. ET Updated Opioids are ravaging the U.S., but they’re still the best pain drug we’ve got 2:32 A.M. ET Updated Facebook, Snap are sitting on a $16 billion opportunity 2:32 A.M. ET Updated We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 2:31 A.M. ET Updated Marc Faber—aka Dr. Doom—warns that in financial markets ‘there is a bubble in everything’ 2:30 A.M. ET Updated These commodities clocked the biggest moves in May 2:30 A.M. ET Updated Marc Andreessen says the idea that robots will steal our jobs is a ‘total fallacy’ 2:28 A.M. ET Updated The dirty secret Wall Street tries to hide as it keeps raising stock-price targets 2:27 A.M. ET Updated These stocks are down at least 20% in 2017 but Wall Street loves them anyway 2:26 A.M. ET Updated Is Apple stock a buy? 7 reasons why it is — and 7 why not 1:55 A.M. ET Updated Japan stocks change tack, gain as other Asian markets hit doldrums 1:02 A.M. ET Oil rebounds after API report, but analysts have little faith in gains 12:48 A.M. ET Australian retail sales rebound sharply in April Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Banking Bank stocks clobbered by JP Morgan execs disclosure of 15% decline in trading By Ciara Linnane Published: May 31, 2017 10:42 a.m. ET Share By CiaraLinnane Corporate news editor Bank stocks fell across the board Wednesday, after J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.'s JPM, -2.09% Chief Financial Officer said trading is down about 15% in the second quarter. Marianne Lake told investors at an industry conference that the decline is a "normal seasonal" one that is typical moving from the first to the second quarters, The Wall Street Journal reported. She said fixed income was down, while equities were up slightly. "We're doing decently in a reasonably challenging environment," Ms. Lake said Wednesday. "Performance is quite good but there's not a lot to trade around right now....there haven't been that many exciting events and we need a few more of them," she said. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, -3.28% led the decline, trading down 3.1%. Bank of America Corp. BAC, -1.86% fell 2.7%, Citigroup Inc. C, -1.78% was down 2.5%, Morgan Stanley MS, -1.28% fell 2.3% and J.P. Morgan was down 2.2%. The Financial Select Sector SPDR exchange-traded fund fell 1.2%, and is down 0.3% in 2017, while the S&P 500 SPX, -0.05% has gained about 8%. Read the full story: Low-volatility, low-yield stock market is crushing Goldman, J.P. Morgan and the banking sector Quote References JPM -1.75 -2.09% GS -7.16 -3.28% BAC -0.42 -1.86% C -1.10 -1.78% MS -0.54 -1.28% SPX -1.11 -0.05% Show all references Most Popular Elon Musk says he’ll leave White House councils if Trump quits Paris climate deal When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen This chart spells out in black and white just how many jobs will be lost to robots Rich people don’t make these 5 money mistakes Seven Years Without Google in China MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $82.15 -1.75 (-2.09%) Volume 26.9M Open $83.73 High $83.82 Low $81.64 P/E Ratio 12.66 Div Yield 2.43 Market Cap 298.1B Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $211.26 -7.16 (-3.28%) Volume 8.2M Open $218.24 High $218.30 Low $209.62 P/E Ratio 11.22 Div Yield 1.42 Market Cap 86.0B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $22.41 -0.42 (-1.86%) Volume 134.1M Open $22.78 High $22.80 Low $22.09 P/E Ratio 14.18 Div Yield 1.34 Market Cap 228.0B Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $60.54 -1.10 (-1.78%) Volume 21.9M Open $61.59 High $61.60 Low $59.87 P/E Ratio 12.18 Div Yield 1.06 Market Cap 169.7B Morgan Stanley U.S.: NYSE: MS $41.74 -0.54 (-1.28%) Volume 13.2M Open $42.19 High $42.19 Low $41.07 P/E Ratio 12.39 Div Yield 1.92 Market Cap 78.2B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,411.80 -1.11 (-0.05%) Volume 2.6B Open 2,416 High 2,416 Low 2,404 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Uniqure NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Uniqure NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research P.A.W. Capital Corp Buys New Stake in Uniqure NV (QURE) May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet P.A.W. Capital Corp acquired a new stake in shares of Uniqure NV (NASDAQ:QURE) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund acquired 150,000 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock, valued at approximately $867,000. A number of other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. FMR LLC boosted its stake in Uniqure NV by 27.5% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 1,498,463 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $8,661,000 after buying an additional 323,345 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Uniqure NV by 50.5% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 43,822 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $253,000 after buying an additional 14,702 shares during the period. Oxford Asset Management bought a new stake in Uniqure NV during the first quarter valued at about $100,000. Perceptive Advisors LLC bought a new stake in Uniqure NV during the fourth quarter valued at about $7,089,000. Finally, City Financial Investment Co Ltd bought a new stake in Uniqure NV during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,492,000. 29.84% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Uniqure NV (NASDAQ:QURE) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The biotechnology company reported ($0.80) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.64) by $0.16. Uniqure NV had a negative net margin of 370.57% and a negative return on equity of 70.75%. The business had revenue of $3.32 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.20 million. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “P.A.W. Capital Corp Buys New Stake in Uniqure NV (QURE)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/p-a-w-capital-corp-buys-new-stake-in-uniqure-nv-qure.html. Several equities research analysts have recently commented on the stock. Cowen and Company restated a “buy” rating on shares of Uniqure NV in a report on Wednesday, May 24th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. set a $17.00 price target on shares of Uniqure NV and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 16th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Uniqure NV from a “buy” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 17th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and issued a $8.00 price target on shares of Uniqure NV in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Uniqure NV has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $15.28. About Uniqure NV uniQure N.V. (uniQure) is a gene therapy company. The Company is engaged in developing single treatments with curative results for patients suffering from genetic and other severe diseases. The Company is advancing a focused pipeline of gene therapies that have been developed both internally and through partnerships. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding QURE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Uniqure NV (NASDAQ:QURE). Receive News & Ratings for Uniqure NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Uniqure NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hannover Rueck SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hannover Rueck SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Hannover Rueck SE (HNR1) a €108.00 Price Target May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €108.00 ($121.35) price objective on Hannover Rueck SE (FRA:HNR1) in a research report released on Friday morning. The firm currently has a sell rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. Nord/LB set a €110.00 ($123.60) price target on shares of Hannover Rueck SE and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Saturday, May 20th. Bank of America Corp set a €105.00 ($117.98) price target on shares of Hannover Rueck SE and gave the stock a sell rating in a research note on Saturday, May 20th. Morgan Stanley set a €98.00 ($110.11) price target on shares of Hannover Rueck SE and gave the stock a sell rating in a research note on Saturday, May 20th. Citigroup Inc set a €110.00 ($123.60) price target on shares of Hannover Rueck SE and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Saturday, May 20th. Finally, Baader Bank set a €84.00 ($94.38) price objective on shares of Hannover Rueck SE and gave the stock a sell rating in a report on Saturday, May 20th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Hannover Rueck SE presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of €103.29 ($116.05). Shares of Hannover Rueck SE (FRA HNR1) opened at 105.35 on Friday. Hannover Rueck SE has a 12-month low of €83.40 and a 12-month high of €116.37. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €108.90 and its 200 day moving average price is €105.48. The firm has a market cap of €12.68 billion and a PE ratio of 10.91. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Hannover Rueck SE (HNR1) a €108.00 Price Target” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/jpmorgan-chase-108-00-price-target.html. Receive News & Ratings for Hannover Rueck SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hannover Rueck SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Vanity Fair hive Sign In/Up business technology politics the players hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Magazine Search Business Politics Technology The Players Sign In/Up From the Magazine How Wells Fargo’s Cutthroat Corporate Culture Allegedly Drove Bankers… Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER From the Magazine How Wells Fargo’s Cutthroat Corporate Culture Allegedly Drove Bankers to Fraud Most Americans have assumed their bank accounts are sacrosanct. But with the major scandal unfolding at Wells Fargo, angry former employees illuminate the alarming pressure that allegedly led local bankers to defraud perhaps more than a million customers. by Bethany McLeanSummer 2017 Email Facebook Twitter BREAKING THE BANK Former Wells Fargo executives, from top: Carrie Tolstedt, head of Community Banking; C.E.O. Dick Kovacevich; and his successor, John Stumpf. Photo Illustration by Cristiana Couceiro. Once upon a time, in 1970, long before America’s banking system was dominated by six giant institutions—JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, and Morgan Stanley—Dennis Hambek started working as a messenger at the National Bank of Washington in Ellensburg, Washington. Over the years, as his career advanced from messenger to loan officer to branch manager, he had a front-row seat at the transformation of America’s banking system. That first year, the National Bank of Washington was swallowed up by Pacific National Bank of Seattle, which in 1981 was bought by Los Angeles-based First Interstate Bancorp, which in 1996 was bought by San Francisco-based Wells Fargo, which in 1999—as the consolidation frenzy was reaching its peak—merged with Norwest, a Minneapolis-based bank, in a $34 billion deal. Wells Fargo, which was founded in 1852 as a stagecoach express to carry valuable goods to and from the gold mines in the West, had a storied brand, so the new, combined company kept that name. But if Norwest’s name didn’t survive, its corporate culture did. Spearheaded by the company’s then C.E.O., Dick Kovacevich, it involved a novel way of thinking about banking. As Kovacevich told me in a 1998 profile of him I wrote for Fortune magazine, the key question facing banks was “How do you sell money?” His answer was that financial instruments—A.T.M. cards, checking accounts, credit cards, loans—were consumer products, no different from, say, screwdrivers sold by Home Depot. In Kovacevich’s lingo, bank branches were “stores,” and bankers were “salespeople” whose job was to “cross-sell,” which meant getting “customers”—not “clients,” but “customers”—to buy as many products as possible. “It was his business model,” says a former Norwest executive. “It was a religion. It very much was the culture.” It was underpinned by the financial reality that customers who had, say, lines of credit and savings accounts with the bank were far more profitable than those who just had checking accounts. In 1997, prior to Norwest’s merger with Wells Fargo, Kovacevich launched an initiative called “Going for Gr-Eight,” which meant getting the customer to buy eight products from the bank. The reason for eight? “It rhymes with GREAT!” he said. This slogan, however, as experienced by bankers on the ground such as Hambek, was more hard-core than hokey. “We had a lot of longtime customers and a good staff, but the sales pressure kept mounting, mounting, mounting,” Hambek says. “Every morning, we had a conference call with all the managers. You were supposed to tell them how you were going to make your sales goal for the day, and if you didn’t, you’d have to call in the afternoon to explain why you didn’t make it and how you were going to fix it. It was really tense.” Achieving sales goals wasn’t easy. Ellensburg is a small town, and there were seven other banks. VIDEO: Preet Bharara on Policing Wall Street, the Mob, and More That’s when Hambek began to see things that shouldn’t have been happening: bankers persuading customers to take out large loans and then immediately repay part of them so that the banker could get credit for the bigger loan, for instance. In the summer of 2005, a customer named Bill Moore complained to Hambek about a checking account and a savings account—that he had been given but hadn’t asked for and didn’t want. Hambek investigated and discovered that the banker who opened them had entered Moore’s driver’s-license number as “MOOREWF00000” and the date of issuance as January 1, 2000, a holiday when the Washington State Department of Licensing would have been closed, as shown by documents first obtained by Vice News. “Gaming,” which was defined in the Wells Fargo Code of Ethics as “the manipulation and/or misrepresentation of sales or referrals . . . in an attempt to receive compensation or to meet sales goals,” was supposed to be a big no-no, so Hambek called the Wells Fargo EthicsLine, and he told his supervisor what he’d found. “I said, ‘This is blatant gaming,’ ” he recalls, but nobody seemed to care. Later that summer, after 35 years of service, he retired in order to avoid being fired for lack of productivity. INSIDE WELLS, THE ATTITUDE WAS “DO WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO, BUT DON’T GET CAUGHT.” Twitter On December 27, 2005, Hambek sent a letter via certified mail to Carrie Tolstedt, who had become the head of regional banking at Wells Fargo in 2002. In the letter, which would have been passed on to the bank’s legal department, he described the gaming he’d witnessed, and told her that employees were leaving. “It would behoove someone to survey these employees as to the true reason they left the company.” He added, “Upper management is also aware of this, as is the ethics line, yet no action has been taken.” Hambek never got a response to his letter. (Wells Fargo had no comment on this matter.) In the ensuing decade, the big banks got even bigger. Wells Fargo swallowed up Wachovia during the financial crisis, to become the country’s third-largest bank by assets, and its soaring stock made it worth almost $300 billion. John Stumpf, a native Minnesotan who could have played a modern George Bailey, took over as C.E.O. when Kovacevich retired, at the end of 2007. He, like Kovacevich, repeatedly cited Wells Fargo’s success at cross-selling as a reason investors should value the bank’s stock—and they believed. “In the eyes of Wall Street, Wells has always been a cut above,” says one longtime bank investor. Unlike the other big banks, it positioned itself as “the bank of the real economy,” i.e., its major business was retail banking for everyday folks, not trading or investment banking for sophisticated investors. It helped that Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway has long been the bank’s biggest shareholder. Don’t Bank on It But the pretty picture masked a dark reality. On September 8, 2016, Wells Fargo agreed to pay a combined $185 million penalty to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (C.F.P.B.), the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the City and County of Los Angeles to settle charges from all three that, as the C.F.P.B. put it, there had been “fraudulent conduct . . . on a massive scale.” (As part of the agreement Wells Fargo admitted no wrongdoing.) Wells Fargo’s own analysis found that between 2011 and 2015 its employees had opened more than 1.5 million deposit accounts and more than 565,000 credit-card accounts that may not have been authorized. Some customers were charged fees on accounts they didn’t know they had, and some customers had collection agencies calling them due to unpaid fees on accounts they didn’t know existed. Gaming was so widespread that it had even spawned related terms, such as “pinning,” which meant assigning customers personal-identification numbers, or PINs, without their knowledge in order to impersonate them on Wells Fargo computers and enroll them in various products without their knowledge. The fraud was not only big, but blatant, with 193,000 non-employee accounts opened between 2011 and 2015 for which the only e-mail domain name listed was @wellsfargo.com, according to the Los Angeles city attorney’s office. In light of all this, the $185 million fine was a pittance—less than Tolstedt and Stumpf had made in the previous five years and a mere 3 percent of second-quarter profits. And Wells, which also announced that it had fired some 1,000 mainly junior employees for gaming, clearly thought it had disposed of a nuisance issue. But that was hardly the end of it. Suddenly Wells Fargo employees, such as Hambek, came forward in droves, and America got mad in a way that we hadn’t over other financial scandals. “I think the public expects international financial banks to lose billions in nefarious ways,” says Isaac Boltansky, the director of policy research at Compass Point, a prominent boutique investment bank. “But learning that the American checking account has been co-opted has insidious wrinkles. This is supposed to be one of the most trusted things in the world.” At congressional hearings in which John Stumpf’s appealing midwestern diffidence suddenly seemed like appalling arrogance, representatives from both sides of the aisle let loose. “Fraud is fraud. Theft is theft,” thundered Texas Republican congressman Jeb Hensarling, “and what happened at Wells Fargo over the course of many years cannot be described any other way.” “You haven’t returned a single nickel of your personal earnings,” Hensarling’s ideological opposite number, Democratic senator Elizabeth Warren, of Massachusetts, told Stumpf. “You haven’t fired a single senior executive. Instead evidently your definition of accountable is to push the blame to your low-level employees.” Now Wells Fargo is facing a plethora of ongoing investigations by various authorities, including criminal probes by the Justice Department and the California attorney general. The latter has requested not just the identity of the Wells Fargo employees who might have “used the unlawfully obtained [PINs] to commit false impersonation and identity theft,” according to a search warrant first made public by the Los Angeles Times, but also “the managers of the identified employees . . . [including] branch managers, area managers, and regional managers.” “People want to trust their banks, and Wells has brought mistrust to the table,” says one longtime investor. So how is it that Dick Kovacevich’s beautiful strategy went so horribly wrong? VIDEO: Bernie Madoff’s Victims Speak Out Almost 15 years before the scandal became front-page news, in 2002, Wells Fargo’s internal investigations unit had noticed an uptick in what they called “sales integrity” cases. “Whether real or perceived, team members . . . feel they cannot make sales goals without gaming the system,” an investigator wrote in a report dated August 2004. “The incentive to cheat is based on the fear of losing their jobs.” The report recommended that Wells consider reducing or eliminating sales goals, as several peer banks had done, and warned that the issue could lead to “loss of business and . . . diminished reputation in the community.” There was no follow-up. The list of employees who complained is long and reaches back well over a decade. In March of 2008, just around the time the financial crisis was getting into full swing, Yesenia Guitron was hired as a personal banker at Wells Fargo’s St. Helena branch, in California’s Napa Valley. The sole provider for her two children, she had heard negative things about the environment at Wells, but she didn’t have many options. “The economy had shut down,” she recalls. “I needed the job.” Guitron soon discovered there was no shortage of internal publications that advised Wells employees on how to conduct themselves, including the Wells Fargo Code of Ethics and the Wells Fargo Team Member Handbook, which warned if an employee engaged in “manipulating or misrepresenting sales [gaming] in an attempt to meet sales goals or receive compensation” immediate termination could result. But soon after she was hired, Guitron saw a different reality. “I realized why all the other bankers had left,” she says. The pressure was intense. There were “morning huddle” meetings to discuss “Daily Solutions,” or sales goals for the day, and a manager would do hourly check-ins to see if each banker was making progress toward his or her quota, which in 2008 was eight products per day. (The number was increased in 2010 to 8.5.) “Call nights” were scheduled after the branch closed to “help” bankers who were having trouble meeting their sales goals, which were challenging in St. Helena. According to an analysis that was done for a lawsuit Guitron later filed, there were only about 11,500 potential customers in the area, and 11 other financial institutions. The quotas for the bankers at Guitron’s branch totaled 12,000 Daily Solutions each year, including almost 3,000 new checking accounts. Without fraud, the math didn’t work. “ALL THE TELLERS KNEW [OF THE FRAUDS], BUT . . . PEOPLE NEEDED THE JOB.” Twitter Guitron says that customers began coming to her, complaining about getting mail from Wells Fargo on accounts or services that they had never authorized. “People knew me and knew I could fix the problems,” she says. A common denominator, according to Guitron, was that most of the customers were Spanish-speaking, like her, so they didn’t feel comfortable going to management in English. “All the tellers and staff knew it, but no one else would complain,” Guitron says. “People needed the job. So did I, but I knew right from wrong.” On September 19, 2008, she sent an e-mail to her branch manager. “I have come across instances where I’ve opened accounts and shortly after they are closed and new sets of accounts are opened,” she wrote. “I find NO banker notes to explain why this is happening. I am very concerned as I know this to be GAMING!!!” She collected approximately 300 printouts of accounts that were problematic in various ways, she says, such as a minor having more than a dozen accounts. But, according to Guitron in legal documents, her manager would say only, “It’s a misunderstanding.” Or “You need to mind your own business.” Nothing changed, so Guitron requested meetings with more senior executives. Overall, she claimed that during her tenure at Wells Fargo she raised concerns on more than 100 occasions, including about a dozen calls to the Wells Fargo EthicsLine, and on no fewer than 37 occasions she provided records that supported her complaints. Guitron alleges that her managers began to retaliate, making it harder for her to meet her sales goals. She was fired in January 2010. In 2011, Guitron, along with another employee, Judi Klosek, who had made similar complaints, filed a whistle-blower lawsuit. The account printouts Guitron had collected were filed with the court, as were depositions from many other Wells Fargo employees. To cite but two: Irene Perez, who was the lead teller at the St. Helena branch from 2008 to 2011, claimed, “Everyone at the branch . . . was aware of the unethical conduct of bankers.” “It was normal business practices to use false identification on accounts and to change customers’ names and open new accounts,” said Dreydy Metelin, another personal banker at the branch, in her deposition. “Management made it clear that no employee was allowed to complain about the unethical practices that were going on within the branch.” Morally Bankrupt In 2012, the court ruled in Wells Fargo’s favor, mainly because Wells presented “clear and convincing evidence” that Guitron had, in fact, failed to meet her sales goals, so she would have been fired anyway. She appealed and lost again on the same basis. Her legal bills were more than $42,000, but the court reduced them to $18,675.70 based in part on the “significant difference between Wells Fargo’s resources and Guitron’s ability to pay.” (Wells Fargo would not comment on this matter.) Julie Tishkoff, an administrative assistant to a Wells Fargo regional president, said, according to her discrimination complaint, that around the same time, in 2005, she observed “fraudulent banking practices,” including bank employees’ “forging customer signatures and fraudulent[ly] opening accounts for customers without their knowledge or consent” and soliciting elderly or otherwise vulnerable customers to take out lines of credit even though they didn’t understand the product. Inevitably, customers began to sue, too. In the fall of 2013, David Douglas filed a lawsuit against Wells Fargo and three local employees, alleging that Wells bankers had opened eight accounts he didn’t want or know about, funding them with money from his legitimate accounts. Douglas contacted a Wells Fargo fraud investigator, who assured him they would look into it—but no one ever got back to him. His lawyer, Michael Kade, is currently also representing nine former Wells Fargo employees in a suit against the bank due to go to trial in the fall. The lawsuits continued to pile up, and a journalist finally noticed. In December 2013, E. Scott Reckard, then a reporter at the Los Angeles Times, wrote an article titled “Wells Fargo’s Pressure-Cooker Sales Culture Comes at a Cost.” He made the point that the “relentless pressure to sell has battered employee morale and led to ethical breaches, customer complaints and labor lawsuits.” The article caught the eye of Mike Feuer, a Harvard-trained lawyer and politician who had become the Los Angeles city attorney. He was shocked by the revelations in the piece, but he didn’t have subpoena power. So he asked his staff to investigate by doing what he calls “good old-fashioned detective work”—conducting dozens of interviews with current and former Wells Fargo employees and customers, going through court documents, and searching the C.F.P.B. and Federal Trade Commission consumer-complaint databases. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (O.C.C.), which is Wells Fargo’s regulator, also started to get complaints from customers and employees. One of the plaintiffs, Yasmeen Fasheh, began working at a Wells branch in Los Angeles in the spring of 2000. She alleged in a recently filed lawsuit that the pressure to cross-sell resulted in employees’ “impersonating customers” on Wells Fargo computers in order to enroll them in services without their consent, and selling to older customers on the belief that they wouldn’t review their bank statements. She alleged that she finally contacted Lefky Mansi, Wells’s longtime area president for Los Angeles. “You’re just a little ant in the company,” Fasheh alleges he responded. “If I’m going down, you’re going down, as well.” She called human resources too, which, she claims, told her “they were aware that these practices were occurring throughout the company, but there was nothing they could do.” (Wells Fargo declined to comment.) The Names of the Games Ken Mac, who worked at Wells Fargo’s Arcadia, California, branch over the summer of 2013, calls his brief stint at Wells “the lowest point of my life.” Mac, a fluent Chinese speaker, says that he got an elderly Chinese woman to sign up for a credit card she didn’t want by telling her “it was confirmation that she stopped by to update her address. I felt sick in my stomach,” he says, “but it was a tough economy, and I was worried, if I lost this job, I would be in a tough financial situation.” Ivan Rodriguez worked at three Wells Fargo branches in California, starting in 2007, and was quickly promoted to be a banker. There was pressure right away, but he knew he was in a sales job, and he thought, It is what it is. But he saw things: bankers changing customers’ phone numbers in the system so, if they complained, no one could get in touch with them; online banking accounts for elderly customers who didn’t know how to use computers. But the worst, he says, was the shredding. In order to get a signature on an account a customer didn’t want, bankers would cut a signature out of an existing account, scan that through, and then shred the evidence. They never got caught, because, in the branches he worked at, the manager would get 24 hours’ notice before Wells Fargo’s auditors came through. Indeed, according to a Wall Street Journal story, the advance notice that auditors were coming was common among Wells’s roughly 6,000 branches; more than a dozen employees told the Journal they’d either forged or seen colleagues forge signatures or shred the papers. (Wells Fargo has said it would eliminate the 24-hour notice of auditor visits.) On May 4, 2015, after his investigators had worked the case for 16 months, Feuer, the L.A. city attorney, filed a civil enforcement case against Wells. In the days following, his office got calls and e-mails from more than a thousand Wells Fargo customers and current and former employees describing a “veritable litany of horrific experiences,” as Jim Clark, Feuer’s chief deputy, put it to Congress. “Anecdotally, the feeling is that everyone knew,” says Jonathan Delshad, a lawyer who has filed a case on behalf of former Wells Fargo employees, and who says that more than 800 people have called his firm. “The better they did at sales, the more they advanced, so it got spread across the company. An entire generation of managers thrived in the culture, got rewarded for it, and are now in positions of power.” “AN ENTIRE GENERATION OF MANAGERS THRIVED IN THE CULTURE . . . AND ARE NOW IN POSITIONS OF POWER.” Twitter Delshad’s conclusion is echoed in a report done by Wells Fargo’s independent board members, which was released on April 10. “To many employees, the route to success was selling more than your peers,” the report stated. Even after the L.A. Times story, there were no dramatic changes. “What has mystified everybody and anybody, what other bank managements have asked me, is why, when the L.A. Times story hit, did you not rip the place apart and find out who was pushing these practices?” asks Nancy Bush, a bank analyst who has covered Wells Fargo for over three decades. The potential for problems was inherent in the strategy Dick Kovacevich created. Or, as Dennis Hambek says, “I think what Dick Kovacevich implemented was John Stumpf’s downfall.” Kovacevich was a larger-than-life C.E.O. As a Stanford baseball player, he sustained a shoulder injury that thwarted his plan to play in the major leagues. Instead, he earned an M.B.A. and started his career selling consumer products such as toys for General Mills. In the mid-1970s, he was recruited by Walter Wriston, of Citicorp, where he helped change the face of banking by rolling out Citi’s then revolutionary A.T.M.’s. But he was passed over for the top consumer job and was lured to Norwest in 1986. Looking back, a longtime Wells analyst says he is struck by the “enigma” that was Kovacevich. He exuded midwestern values, and in 1993, the year he became C.E.O., he began publishing the Wells Fargo Vision & Values, which featured such homilies as “In hiring, we really don’t care how much a person knows until we know how much they care.” But he also called financial services “the ultimate team sport,” and was extraordinarily intense and aggressive—even arrogant to some. “He was one of the most competitive people I have ever known,” says an executive who used to play tennis with him. “We were evenly matched, but he would win because winning was more important to him than it was to me—and I am competitive!” Although Kovacevich stressed ethics, he also said the most important metric of success was revenue growth. But calling a client a customer and a branch a store had a dark side, as the former executive points out, because it implicitly downgrades the bank’s level of responsibility toward its clients. Yet Kovacevich argued that “when customers vote with their pocket books, we know we’re doing something right.” Stumpf was a different character, more affable than arrogant. “If you were writing a movie script, this is not the guy you would want to play the villain,” says longtime banking analyst Mike Mayo. Stumpf was Minnesotan, through and through. He grew up on a farm, one of 11 children, and after college he worked as a repo man. “What got John most excited was talking about his days as a repo man,” says an investor who knows him well. “He has these vivid stories of repossessing cars while another guy would be the lookout guy.” Unlike Kovacevich, who would tell his executives, “The only thing I want to hear is bad news,” Stumpf seemed to be proud that the culture was one of “Minnesota nice.” He “was not perceived within Wells Fargo as someone who wanted to hear bad news or deal with conflict,” noted the board report. H.R. KNEW “THESE PRACTICES WERE OCCURRING . . . BUT [SAID] THERE WAS NOTHING THEY COULD DO.” Twitter Nor was he the kind of C.E.O. to question Dick Kovacevich’s script. Indeed, he appropriated much of it. When asked why Wells Fargo had a cross-selling goal of eight, he’d say, “The answer is: it rhymed with ‘great!’ ” He was liked by investors—what wasn’t to like?—but for better and worse, he didn’t have the presence that Kovacevich had had. He was less self-aggrandizing, but he also seemed to some to be more of a big-picture C.E.O. than one who was enmeshed in the dirty minutiae of operations. “I never felt he had a detailed grip on the intricacies of the business,” says an investor. “There was nothing remarkable about the guy,” says another investor. “I always thought [until the scandal] that he was dealt a really good hand.” Paradoxically the hard-core sales culture seemed to intensify once Stumpf took over. In 2010, both the compensation and performance ratings systems were rejiggered so that they were associated with sales goals. Bankers, branch managers, and district managers risked pay cuts and poor performance reviews if they didn’t hit the goals, noted the board report, and employees were ranked against one another. The pressure was greatest in California, Arizona, and Florida. Pam Conboy, who ran Wells’s Arizona regional banking from 2007 to 2017 and who had taken Arizona from last place to first in sales rankings, gave a presentation at a 2010 leadership conference in which she encouraged the use of “morning huddles” to discuss the previous day’s sales reports, and told district managers they should call to check on branches multiple times a day. Another executive, named Shelley Freeman, who ran the Los Angeles region until 2009, and then Florida, would have district managers “run the gauntlet”: each would have to dress up in a themed costume and run down the line to a whiteboard to report the number of sales they had achieved. According to the board report, on a per-employee basis, the reports of sales-practice misconduct tripled from the second quarter of 2007 through the fourth quarter of 2013. Kovacevich told someone who knows him that he would never have tolerated this treatment of employees, which he has described as “harassment.” He has called the issues during his tenure “infinitesimal.” Job Wells Done Stumpf had risen through the ranks, and so did Carrie Tolstedt, the daughter of a baker who had started her career at Norwest in Nebraska, in 1986. She and Stumpf were a symbiotic pair. Tolstedt wasn’t flashy either, and impressed investors as a detail-oriented, hardworking operator; a former Wells executive says she “worked 16 hours a day, 7 days a week.” Stumpf’s support for her was extraordinary. He thought “she was the ‘most brilliant’ Community Banker he had ever met,” the board report noted. In return she delivered the numbers he wanted to see. Tolstedt told investors that customers who had five products with Wells Fargo were three times as profitable as those with three products, while those with eight products were five times as profitable. Additionally, the more accounts a customer had, the less likely it was that he or she would switch to another bank paying higher rates of interest. One investor argues that was a key reason that Wells, for years, had a lower cost of funds than its peers. This was a critical advantage because it allowed Wells to price loans lower than other big banks could and still make the same profit. Said Warren Buffett in a 2009 interview, “The key to the future of Wells is continuing to get the money in at very low costs.” Wells’s stock price soared, and Tolstedt, whose salary was $1.75 million, received more than $20 million in annual bonuses from 2010 to 2015, which was justified in part by the “record cross-sell results” in her division, said Wells in its financial filings. But Stumpf and the rest of the executive team, and soon the board, knew there were issues. It wasn’t just the press and the Los Angeles city attorney. In 2011, a group of bankers who were terminated for sales violations wrote a letter to Stumpf, arguing that their actions had not only been condoned by management in their branch, but that similar things were happening across the bank. Multiple task forces were convened. Lisa Stevens, who became the head of the West Coast region in 2010 and reported directly to Tolstedt, was complaining by 2012 to the bank’s corporate chief risk officer, Mike Loughlin, about “unrealistic sales goals and her frustration with Community Bank leadership,” according to the board report. Wells did take some small steps, and by at least some measures, the sales problem did begin improving in 2013. But Wells’s response was incremental, not Draconian. One explanation is that executives failed to see the scope of the problem because of the way Wells Fargo was structured. Kovacevich had always run the company in a decentralized way, so much so that he’d refer to himself as a “C.E.O. of C.E.O.’s.” Functions such as risk management, legal, and human resources were not run at the corporate level, and employees reported to, say, the head of Community Banking, or the head of Wells’s much smaller business bank. This meant that Tolstedt, in effect, had her own empire, with her own risk-management head, Claudia Russ Anderson, reporting to her, rather than to anyone at the corporate level. For corporate executives, the structural difficulty of seeing inside the retail bank was complicated by Tolstedt herself. “She is widely viewed as building a community bank and making it a business success—and it was,” says one person who is familiar with Wells Fargo. “But by all accounts she was mercurial, very wary of others, and apparently not the type that wanted bad news to surface.” She viewed the sales model as the key to the community bank’s success, and didn’t want to take any steps that might “impede its operation,” noted the board report, which also alleged she was “obsessed with control.” For instance, when Tolstedt found out that Lisa Stevens had been complaining, she told Stevens to “toe the line.” (Tolstedt declined to comment for this article.) It’s convenient now to place the blame on Tolstedt and on Wells’s model, but that’s not the whole truth. Kovacevich, for his part, noted to someone who knows him that the fact that Stevens was complaining was proof that the decentralized model worked. It’s just that no one in leadership wanted to hear it, or as the board report noted, “Many observers expressed their belief that Tolstedt operated the Community Bank in the way she did because she thought Stumpf would approve.” And he did, wholeheartedly. After Feuer filed his suit, Stumpf sent an e-mail to another executive. “I have worked over the weekend with Carrie on the LA issue—I really feel for Carrie and her team,” he wrote. “We do such a good job in this area. I will fight this one to the finish. Do you know only around 1% of our people lose their jobs [for] gaming the system . . . . Did some do things wrong —you bet and that is called life. This is not systemic.” Relying on the statistic that only 1 percent of employees were being fired annually is an easy way to minimize the problem, because it’s a measure of one thing only: the people who got caught. It didn’t represent those who encouraged gaming, or those who were fired for lack of production, or those who just left because they disapproved of the culture, like Rodriguez. The turnover at the lower levels of the community bank ran at 30 percent to 40 percent annually. Inside Wells, says lawyer Jonathan Delshad, the attitude was “Do what you have to do, but don’t get caught.” After the 2013 Los Angeles Times article, the board, at least according to its own report, got involved. Initially, they believed the problem was relatively small and was being addressed. After Feuer’s office filed its lawsuit in 2015, members of the risk committee asked for another presentation on sales-practice issues. It is unclear who was involved in the presentation, but board members left with the impression that only about 200 to 300 people in Southern California had been terminated. Multiple board members later complained to investigators that they felt “misled.” “MANAGEMENT MADE IT CLEAR THAT NO EMPLOYEE WAS ALLOWED TO COMPLAIN.” Twitter By the end of the year, two directors had told Stumpf over dinner that Tolstedt should go. Finally, on July 12, 2016, Wells announced that she would retire at the end of the year. Stumpf called her a “standard-bearer of our culture, a champion for our customers, and a role model for responsible, principled and inclusive leadership.” Because she was retiring, not being fired, her stock in the company, accumulated over her years at Wells Fargo, was expected to be worth up to $124 million. But if Wells could ignore its employees and its customers, and placate its board, its regulators were a different matter. Less than a week after the announcement that Tolstedt would retire, the O.C.C. sent a confidential letter to Stumpf, along with a report on its findings, which concluded that “the Bank’s sales practices were unethical; the Bank’s actions caused harm to consumers; and Bank management had not responded promptly to address these issues.” The O.C.C. had begun coordinating with Feuer’s office, and the C.F.P.B. also joined the fray. In early September they announced the joint $185 million settlement. Newly Minted? There may be no greater testament to the level of delusion inside Wells Fargo than the fact that executives were completely shocked by the outpouring of rage. Finally, Wells announced that it would do what it had long been unwilling to do: eliminate all product sales goals in retail banking. On October 12, as the outcry intensified, Stumpf announced he’d step down as C.E.O., and forfeit $41 million. After its investigation, the board stripped him of another $28 million and clawed back $19 million from Tolstedt. After concluding its report, they stripped her of another $47.3 million. (A lawyer for Tolstedt said, “We strongly disagree with the report and its attempt to lay blame with Ms. Tolstedt. A full and fair examination of the facts will produce a different conclusion.”) A handful of other executives, including Claudia Russ Anderson, Pam Conboy, and Shelley Freeman, were fired. Wells Fargo’s new C.E.O. is Tim Sloan, who spent most of his career not in the retail bank working with consumers but rather catering to big business clients before becoming C.F.O. and then C.O.O. Sloan is clearly not a break with the past, but, as a former Wells Fargo executive says, “he is a very different guy” from Stumpf. “No one has ever seen John Stumpf angry, and I literally can’t remember ever hearing him swear,” this person says. “Tim is much more hard-core.” Already, Sloan has made many changes. Functions such as human resources are being centralized at headquarters, so information can be dissected in multiple ways. Cross-selling, it seems, has become a dirty phrase. Wells now talks about “Mutual Value Exchange,” which seems to boil down to providing products that customers actually want and use. Wall Street isn’t sure what to think. Wells Fargo’s stock has regained the $30 billion it lost, which is as much a sign of optimism about deregulation in the new administration as anything. But “we gave them too much credit for being Superman in the banking industry,” says one major investor. “Now the cape has come off, and Wall Street is realizing they are just like everyone else and no better than anyone else.” Regardless of what happens, the story still tells an uncomfortable tale of how business, not just the business of banking, but all business, all too often works in the modern era. “I’m a notary,” Yesenia Guitron tells me. “I can only charge $10 for my services. But I’m told that, if I failed to take someone’s proper identification when I’m notarizing something for them, I could go to jail for 10 years.” How, she wonders, can you square the large consequences she’d have to face for a small misdeed for which she was paid a small amount with the small consequences for large-scale wrongdoing where the people in charge earned fortunes? The short answer is you can’t. Full ScreenPhotos: 1/12Wall Street’s 12 Most Salacious Scandals MARTHA STEWART The domestic doyenne, known primarily for teaching a whole class of homemakers the virtues of a perfectly-timed soufflé or a perfectly-folded sheet, imperfectly found herself in the Big House for five months in 2004, after she was convicted for conspiracy and obstruction of justice related to selling shares of drugmaker ImClone Systems.Photo: Photo-Illustration by Ben Park; From NBC/Getty Images (Stewart). MARTIN SHKRELI The so-called “pharma-bro” created a national media frenzy when he hiked the price of a lifesaving drug by 5,000 percent overnight in 2015, and continued to fan the flames by buying a $2 million single-copy Wu-Tang Clan album and picking fights with presidential candidates. In the midst of the firestorm, he also got arrested and charged with 8 counts of fraud after prosecutors accusing him of using a public drug company he ran as a personal piggybank to pay back investors whose money he lost at his now-defunct hedge funds.Photo: Photo-Illustration by Ben Park; From Getty Images (Shkreli). BERNIE MADOFF The name Bernie Madoff has become synonymous with reprehensible greed after the Wall Street fraudster was caught stealing his victims’ fortunes to live like a king. Madoff was sentenced to 150 years in prison—the maximum for his crimes—after pleading guilty to 11 counts of myriad financial crimes related to a Ponzi scheme that swallowed up $10 billion of investors’ money.Photo: Photo-Illustration by Ben Park; From Getty Images (Madoff). ALLEN STANFORD In the early 2000s, Allen Stanford was enjoying the spoils of a $7 billion Ponzi scheme—a knighthood awarded by Antigua, a handful of yachts, $2 billion to his name, and a cricket team of his very own. But the international fraud empire he built over the course of two decades, in which he offered phony high-interest certificates of deposit at a bank he started in Antigua, imploded. He was charged with 13 counts of wire and mail fraud, conspiracy, and money laundering and sentenced to 110 years in prison without parole.Photo: Photo-Illustration by Ben Park; From Getty Images (Stanford). MATHEW MARTOMA Over the course of several days in July of 2008, Mathew Martoma sealed his fate. That was when the former S.A.C. Capital portfolio manager allegedly used inside information about a clinical trial for Alzheimer’s drugs to bring in a windfall for his firm. Martoma was one of about 85 individuals who were either convicted of or pleaded guilty in the ensuing investigation that rocked Wall Street, though Martoma’s 9-year sentence was on the harsher side. A judge ruled that he also had to forfeit nearly $9.5 million in bonuses he received while working at S.A.C. in 2008, including the Boca Raton home he bought for $2 million.Photo: Photo-Illustration by Ben Park; From Splash News (Martoma). SAGE KELLY By Wall Street standards, Sage Kelly had it all: a cushy, $7 million-a-year gig running Jefferies’s health-care investment-banking unit, a home in Sag Harbor, a growing family, and a group of buddies to pal around with. But it all came crashing down when his wife filed for divorce, alleging in court papers that they had engaged in a foursome with clients and that he would often take so many drugs that he would pee all over their home. Jefferies denied all of the allegations and Kelly’s wife later recanted the statements, but the banker found himself out of a job for two years.Photo: Photo-Illustration by Ben Park; From Splash News (Kelly). BRUNO IKSIL Bruno Iksil earned himself the moniker the “London Whale” for a $6.2 billion trading loss he made on J.P. Morgan’s ledger in 2012. The Frenchman, who contends that his risky trades were made at the behest of his superiors, avoided any sort of prosecution. But the bank was subject to government probes and $900 million in regulatory fines, and its C.E.O., Jamie Dimon, took a 50 percent pay cut.Photo: Photo-Illustration by Ben Park; From Getty Images (Iksil). PreviousNext MARTHA STEWART The domestic doyenne, known primarily for teaching a whole class of homemakers the virtues of a perfectly-timed soufflé or a perfectly-folded sheet, imperfectly found herself in the Big House for five months in 2004, after she was convicted for conspiracy and obstruction of justice related to selling shares of drugmaker ImClone Systems. Photo-Illustration by Ben Park; From NBC/Getty Images (Stewart). MARTIN SHKRELI The so-called “pharma-bro” created a national media frenzy when he hiked the price of a lifesaving drug by 5,000 percent overnight in 2015, and continued to fan the flames by buying a $2 million single-copy Wu-Tang Clan album and picking fights with presidential candidates. In the midst of the firestorm, he also got arrested and charged with 8 counts of fraud after prosecutors accusing him of using a public drug company he ran as a personal piggybank to pay back investors whose money he lost at his now-defunct hedge funds. Photo-Illustration by Ben Park; From Getty Images (Shkreli). BERNIE MADOFF The name Bernie Madoff has become synonymous with reprehensible greed after the Wall Street fraudster was caught stealing his victims’ fortunes to live like a king. Madoff was sentenced to 150 years in prison—the maximum for his crimes—after pleading guilty to 11 counts of myriad financial crimes related to a Ponzi scheme that swallowed up $10 billion of investors’ money. Photo-Illustration by Ben Park; From Getty Images (Madoff). ALLEN STANFORD In the early 2000s, Allen Stanford was enjoying the spoils of a $7 billion Ponzi scheme—a knighthood awarded by Antigua, a handful of yachts, $2 billion to his name, and a cricket team of his very own. But the international fraud empire he built over the course of two decades, in which he offered phony high-interest certificates of deposit at a bank he started in Antigua, imploded. He was charged with 13 counts of wire and mail fraud, conspiracy, and money laundering and sentenced to 110 years in prison without parole. Photo-Illustration by Ben Park; From Getty Images (Stanford). STEVE COHEN If he is not number one, Steve Cohen is pretty close to being considered the luckiest man on Wall Street. While federal investigators circled Cohen and his firm, S.A.C. Capital, for nearly a decade, only his employees were convicted of wrongdoing, while Cohen was never nailed. His firm pleaded guilty to insider trading and forker over a record $1.8 billion fine, but all Cohen got was a two-year ban on managing outside money—a most gentle slap on the wrist from the S.E.C. while he happily manages his family office and prepares for his next steps in the hedge fund world. Photo-Illustration by Ben Park; From Getty Images (Cohen). RAJ RAJARATNAM Raj Rajaratnam was a frugal billionaire of sorts—opting to fly commercial and flouting the fancy art and high-end collectables that many of his fellow hedge fund managers favored. But he was also keen on skirting the law, a court found. Rajaratnam was charged with trading on inside information in 2009 and convicted on 14 counts of conspiracy and securities fraud in case considered to be one of the biggest prosecutorial wins in white collar criminal history. He is currently serving out his 11 years in the main prison at the Federal Medical Center at Devens in Ayer, Massachusetts. Photo-Illustration by Ben Park; From Getty Images (Rajaratnam). MICHAEL MILKEN That billionaire Michael Milken, the high-flying junk bond king of Beverly Hills, found himself sobbing in front of a courtroom in 1990 as he was sentenced to 10 years in prison, surely felt like a cruel twist of fate. That he ended up there because another convicted fraudster, Ivan Boesky, traded his name as part of his insider trading charges, surely felt even crueler. Milken was originally charged with 98 counts of racketeering, securities fraud, and mail fraud, though he pleaded guilty to just six counts of conspiracy and fraud related to illegal securities trading. He was ordered to pay $600 million in fines. Photo-Illustration by Ben Park; From Getty Images (Milken). JEFFREY SKILLING Jeffrey Skilling was the chief executive of Enron when the energy-trading giant crumbled under the weight of its accounting schemes, which hid the scope of its financial woes and stripped billions of dollars from shareholders and employees. He was initially sentenced to 24 years in prison—a punishment that was later reduced to 14 years and a $42 fine. He reportedly spent his time behind bars tutoring in Spanish and reading the newspaper to a blind inmate each day. Photo-Illustration by Ben Park; From Getty Images (Skilling). R. FOSTER WINANS A scheme that netted less than $1 million in profits and resulted in an 18-month jail sentence is hardly the sexiest on this list, but the transgression is perhaps the most unusual. Former Wall Street Jornal columnist R. Foster Winans admitted that in the early 1980s, he would slip Peter Brand information about a stock he would be featuring in his column, “Heard on the Street”—the contents of which would often move markets. Brant would make trades based on the early information, and Winans would receive a kickback in kind. Photo-Illustration by Ben Park; From Getty Images (Winans). MATHEW MARTOMA Over the course of several days in July of 2008, Mathew Martoma sealed his fate. That was when the former S.A.C. Capital portfolio manager allegedly used inside information about a clinical trial for Alzheimer’s drugs to bring in a windfall for his firm. Martoma was one of about 85 individuals who were either convicted of or pleaded guilty in the ensuing investigation that rocked Wall Street, though Martoma’s 9-year sentence was on the harsher side. A judge ruled that he also had to forfeit nearly $9.5 million in bonuses he received while working at S.A.C. in 2008, including the Boca Raton home he bought for $2 million. Photo-Illustration by Ben Park; From Splash News (Martoma). SAGE KELLY By Wall Street standards, Sage Kelly had it all: a cushy, $7 million-a-year gig running Jefferies’s health-care investment-banking unit, a home in Sag Harbor, a growing family, and a group of buddies to pal around with. But it all came crashing down when his wife filed for divorce, alleging in court papers that they had engaged in a foursome with clients and that he would often take so many drugs that he would pee all over their home. Jefferies denied all of the allegations and Kelly’s wife later recanted the statements, but the banker found himself out of a job for two years. Photo-Illustration by Ben Park; From Splash News (Kelly). BRUNO IKSIL Bruno Iksil earned himself the moniker the “London Whale” for a $6.2 billion trading loss he made on J.P. Morgan’s ledger in 2012. The Frenchman, who contends that his risky trades were made at the behest of his superiors, avoided any sort of prosecution. But the bank was subject to government probes and $900 million in regulatory fines, and its C.E.O., Jamie Dimon, took a 50 percent pay cut. Photo-Illustration by Ben Park; From Getty Images (Iksil). Share Email Facebook Twitter YOU MIGHT LIKE The Valeant Meltdown and Wall Street’s Major Drug ProblemVanity Fair White House Insists “Covfefe” Is Real—and Trump Insiders Know What It MeansVanity Fair Meet the Kennedyesque Democrat Trying to Beat Ted CruzVanity Fair How Right-Wing Media Groups Are Trying to Drive Rachel Maddow Off the AirVanity Fair Inside the Trump Marriage: Melania’s BurdenVanity Fair Al Franken on Jared Kushner, the Health Care Bill’s Fate, and Humor in the Age of TrumpVanity Fair Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATED SEEK The Valeant Meltdown and Wall Street’s Major Drug ProblemBY BETHANY MCLEAN White House Insists “Covfefe” Is Real—and Trump Insiders Know What It MeansBY ABIGAIL TRACY SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) PT Set at €115.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) received a €115.00 ($129.21) price objective from equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report released on Monday. The firm currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. Other research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Warburg Research set a €135.00 ($151.69) price objective on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 11th. S&P Global set a €130.00 ($146.07) price objective on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, May 12th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €106.00 ($119.10) price objective on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. Royal Bank of Canada set a €132.00 ($148.31) price objective on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. Finally, Macquarie set a €114.00 ($128.09) price objective on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of €125.66 ($141.19). Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA HEN3) opened at 126.05 on Monday. Henkel AG & Co KGaA has a 52 week low of €96.00 and a 52 week high of €127.10. The company has a market capitalization of €54.74 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.67. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is €123.91 and its 200-day moving average price is €117.08. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/henkel-ag-115-00-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Receive News & Ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video China's Zhong An aims to raise at least $1 billion in Hong Kong IPO - sour... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Wed May 31, 2017 | 6:40am EDT China's Zhong An aims to raise at least $1 billion in Hong Kong IPO - sources By Julie Zhu | HONG KONG HONG KONG Zhong An Online Property and Casualty Insurance, China's first online-only insurer, has resumed a plan to raise $1 billion or more in a Hong Kong initial public offering (IPO) in the second half of this year, said two people with knowledge of the matter. Zhong An, whose major shareholders include Tencent Holdings Ltd (0700.HK) and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA.N) affiliate Ant Financial, plans to apply for listing in the coming weeks, said one of the people, who declined to be identified as the matter is confidential. The Shanghai-based insurer chose Credit Suisse, JPMorgan and UBS in October to lead the IPO, but later suspended the plan to explore a mainland listing. The following February, Reuters reported that the mainland securities regulator was considering streamlining the IPO approval process for large domestic technology firms, such as Zhong An. But lack of progress on the matter prompted Zhong An to opt for Hong Kong, though it would prefer to list in mainland China, one of the people said. "Zhong An has always wanted to list at home but given an A-share IPO is unlikely in the short-term, the company has to come back to Hong Kong to go public and raise fresh capital to expand its business first," said the person, referring to a class of shares on the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges. "A domestic listing later is certainly under consideration," the person told Reuters. The China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) has also appeared to slow its IPO process, with seven approvals last week versus a weekly average of 10 in recent months. As of Friday, applications to list in Shanghai or Shenzhen numbered about 600. Zhong An and UBS declined to comment. Credit Suisse and JPMorgan did not respond to requests for comment. HK COUP A Zhong An IPO would be a coup for the Hong Kong stock exchange which has struggled to attract technology listings due to strict profitability and voting rights requirements, bourse Chief Executive Charles Li said this month. Hong Kong famously lost out to New York on Alibaba's 2014 record IPO, sparking a broader debate about the bourse's listing rules. Zhong An was founded in November 2013 by Alibaba Executive Chairman Jack Ma, Tencent Chairman Pony Ma and Ping An Insurance Group Co of China Ltd (601318.SS) (2318.HK) Chairman Ma Mingzhe. It offers more than 300 niche products, many of which are low-cost, including policies covering flight delays, cracked mobile phone screens and shipping costs for returning goods bought online. Ant Financial and Ping An declined to comment. Tencent did not respond to requests for comment. (Reporting by Julie Zhu; Additional reporting by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Michelle Price and Christopher Cushing) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Deals Exclusive: SoftBank to let OneWeb-Intelsat merger collapse - sources Japan's SoftBank Group Corp will let the $14 billion merger between its satellite startup OneWeb and peer Intelsat SA fall through, after failing to get enough of Intelsat creditors to back it, people familiar with the matter said on Wednesday. EU clears GE's Baker Hughes purchase without conditions BRUSSELS The European Commission cleared General Electric Co.'s purchase of oilfield services firm Baker Hughes without conditions on Wednesday, the EU competition authority said in a statement. Exclusive: EU warned of wind-down risk for Spain's Banco Popular - source BRUSSELS One of Europe's top bank watchdogs has warned European Union officials that Spain's Banco Popular may need to be wound down if it fails to find a buyer, an EU official told Reuters. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cabot Microelectronics Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cabot Microelectronics Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research ClariVest Asset Management LLC Acquires New Stake in Cabot Microelectronics Co. (CCMP) May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet ClariVest Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in Cabot Microelectronics Co. (NASDAQ:CCMP) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor acquired 58,023 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,444,000. Other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of Cabot Microelectronics during the fourth quarter valued at about $24,657,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Cabot Microelectronics during the fourth quarter valued at about $9,551,000. Acadian Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Cabot Microelectronics during the first quarter valued at about $9,999,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Cabot Microelectronics by 7.9% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,737,525 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $133,111,000 after buying an additional 126,786 shares in the last quarter. Finally, HAP Trading LLC increased its position in shares of Cabot Microelectronics by 98.3% in the third quarter. HAP Trading LLC now owns 207,808 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $10,995,000 after buying an additional 103,021 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 94.80% of the company’s stock. Shares of Cabot Microelectronics Co. (NASDAQ CCMP) opened at 76.20 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $75.75 and a 200-day moving average price of $68.90. Cabot Microelectronics Co. has a 52-week low of $40.38 and a 52-week high of $79.99. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.91 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.82 and a beta of 1.33. Cabot Microelectronics (NASDAQ:CCMP) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The semiconductor company reported $0.76 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.67 by $0.09. Cabot Microelectronics had a net margin of 15.53% and a return on equity of 15.81%. The business had revenue of $119.20 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $114.87 million. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.41 earnings per share. Cabot Microelectronics’s revenue was up 20.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Cabot Microelectronics Co. will post $3.46 EPS for the current year. WARNING: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/clarivest-asset-management-llc-acquires-new-stake-in-cabot-microelectronics-co-ccmp.html. Several equities analysts have recently issued reports on CCMP shares. Citigroup Inc boosted their price objective on Cabot Microelectronics to $75.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Aegis upgraded Cabot Microelectronics from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, March 17th. In other news, insider William S. Johnson sold 18,930 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.08, for a total transaction of $1,478,054.40. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 102,035 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $7,966,892.80. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, VP Bernstein H. Carol Eckstein sold 20,700 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.49, for a total transaction of $1,438,443.00. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 62,414 shares in the company, valued at $4,337,148.86. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 180,557 shares of company stock worth $13,431,469 over the last three months. 5.50% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Cabot Microelectronics Cabot Microelectronics Corporation supplies polishing slurries and pads used in the manufacture of integrated circuit (IC) devices within the semiconductor industry, in a process called chemical mechanical planarization (CMP). The Company is engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of CMP consumables. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CCMP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cabot Microelectronics Co. (NASDAQ:CCMP). Receive News & Ratings for Cabot Microelectronics Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cabot Microelectronics Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance SGL Carbon SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SGL Carbon SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research SGL Carbon SE (SGL) PT Set at €7.85 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet SGL Carbon SE (ETR:SGL) received a €7.85 ($8.82) price target from analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued on Monday. The brokerage currently has a “sell” rating on the stock. Several other research firms have also recently weighed in on SGL. S&P Global set a €8.80 ($9.89) price target on shares of SGL Carbon SE and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Saturday, May 20th. Warburg Research set a €10.00 ($11.24) price target on shares of SGL Carbon SE and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Saturday, May 20th. Baader Bank set a €10.50 ($11.80) price target on shares of SGL Carbon SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, May 20th. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €7.00 ($7.87) price target on shares of SGL Carbon SE and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Monday, May 22nd. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of €8.83 ($9.92). SGL Carbon SE (ETR SGL) opened at 10.53 on Monday. SGL Carbon SE has a 52 week low of €7.80 and a 52 week high of €11.16. The company’s 50-day moving average is €9.73 and its 200 day moving average is €8.86. The company’s market capitalization is €1.29 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “SGL Carbon SE (SGL) PT Set at €7.85 by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/sgl-carbon-se-sgl-pt-set-at-7-85-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. SGL Carbon SE Company Profile SGL Carbon SE, together with its subsidiaries, is a manufacturer of products and solutions based on carbon fibers and specialty graphites. The Company operates through three segments: Composites-Fibers & Materials (CFM), Graphite Materials & Systems (GMS), and T&I and Corporate. The Company serves industries, including chemicals, textile fibers, industrial applications, energy and mobility. Receive News & Ratings for SGL Carbon SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SGL Carbon SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Polymet Mining Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Polymet Mining Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Polymet Mining Corp (PLM) Short Interest Update May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Polymet Mining Corp (NYSE:PLM) (TSE:POM) was the recipient of a large increase in short interest in May. As of May 15th, there was short interest totalling 3,001,658 shares, an increase of 3.6% from the April 28th total of 2,898,382 shares. Currently, 1.4% of the company’s shares are sold short. Based on an average trading volume of 247,161 shares, the short-interest ratio is currently 12.1 days. Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised Polymet Mining Corp from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. A hedge fund recently bought a new stake in Polymet Mining Corp stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. bought a new position in shares of Polymet Mining Corp (NYSE:PLM) (TSE:POM) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor bought 10,997,127 shares of the basic materials company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,227,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned 3.45% of Polymet Mining Corp as of its most recent SEC filing. Polymet Mining Corp (PLM) opened at 0.68 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $0.70 and a 200 day moving average price of $0.79. The company’s market capitalization is $216.61 million. Polymet Mining Corp has a 52-week low of $0.62 and a 52-week high of $1.14. Polymet Mining Corp (NYSE:PLM) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 20th. The basic materials company reported ($0.01) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.01). Equities research analysts forecast that Polymet Mining Corp will post ($0.03) earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “Polymet Mining Corp (PLM) Short Interest Update” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/polymet-mining-corp-plm-short-interest-update.html. About Polymet Mining Corp PolyMet Mining Corp. (PolyMet) is a development-stage company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and development of natural resource properties. The Company’s sole mineral property is the NorthMet Project, which is located in St. Louis County in the Mesabi Iron Range mining district approximately 60 miles north of Duluth, Minnesota, the United States. Receive News & Ratings for Polymet Mining Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Polymet Mining Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox PM Chips Lifted by Autos, Industrial, Data Center The overall demand environment appears seasonal/healthy across geographies and end-markets. May 26, 2017 3:30 p.m. ET JPMorgan This week, we hosted 18 semiconductor/semiconductor capital equipment companies at our 45th annual Technology, Media and Telecommunications (TMT) Conference. The general tone from this year’s conference was broadly constructive as the overall demand environment appears seasonal/healthy across geographies and end-markets, with disciplined inventory levels in the distribution channels and normal lead times. The... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Oops. JPMorgan Just Broke the Financial Sector. Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Battle Lines: Dow Ends May Higher. What Will June Bring? Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. General Electric: Is the Dividend Safe? Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Berkshire Buys Even More Sirius Tracking Stock Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. You Won’t Have to Wait for That iPhone 8 Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Should You Buy Bitcoin? 2 Barron's Bounce: Ford, International Paper, Foot Locker 3 Barron's Buzz: New Man at the Wheel at Ford Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RTL Group S.A. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RTL Group S.A. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research RTL Group S.A. (RTL) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet RTL Group S.A. (EBR:RTL)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reissued by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued to investors on Monday. A number of other equities analysts have also weighed in on RTL. BNP Paribas set a €79.00 ($88.76) target price on RTL Group and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €74.00 ($83.15) target price on RTL Group and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. Morgan Stanley set a €80.00 ($89.89) target price on RTL Group and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €80.00 ($89.89) target price on RTL Group and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a €80.00 ($89.89) target price on RTL Group and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, March 10th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. RTL Group presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of €80.24 ($90.16). Shares of RTL Group (EBR:RTL) opened at 68.80 on Monday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of €71.64 and a 200-day moving average of €70.72. RTL Group has a 12-month low of €63.50 and a 12-month high of €81.87. The firm has a market capitalization of €10.56 billion and a P/E ratio of 14.70. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “RTL Group S.A. (RTL) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/30/rtl-group-s-a-rtl-rating-reiterated-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. RTL Group Company Profile RTL Group SA is a Luxembourg-based media group engaged in the operation of television and radio broadcasting services, television content production and distribution. It is structured into six segments, including Media Group RTL Germany, Groupe MSix, FremantleMedia, RTL Netherlands, RTL Belgium and French Radio. Receive News & Ratings for RTL Group S.A. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RTL Group S.A. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Smith & Nephew plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smith & Nephew plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Smith & Nephew plc (SN) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes May 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Smith & Nephew plc (LON: SN) recently received a number of ratings updates from brokerages and research firms: 5/15/2017 – Smith & Nephew plc had its price target raised by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG from GBX 1,160 ($14.90) to GBX 1,200 ($15.41). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/15/2017 – Smith & Nephew plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a GBX 1,200 ($15.41) price target on the stock. 5/15/2017 – Smith & Nephew plc had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Morgan Stanley. 5/15/2017 – Smith & Nephew plc had its price target lowered by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 1,345 ($17.28) to GBX 1,280 ($16.44). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/8/2017 – Smith & Nephew plc had its price target raised by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG from GBX 1,160 ($14.90) to GBX 1,200 ($15.41). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/8/2017 – Smith & Nephew plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a GBX 1,200 ($15.41) price target on the stock. 5/8/2017 – Smith & Nephew plc had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Morgan Stanley. 5/8/2017 – Smith & Nephew plc had its price target lowered by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 1,345 ($17.28) to GBX 1,280 ($16.44). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/5/2017 – Smith & Nephew plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. They now have a GBX 1,144 ($14.69) price target on the stock. 5/5/2017 – Smith & Nephew plc had its “add” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Numis Securities Ltd. They now have a GBX 1,350 ($17.34) price target on the stock. 5/5/2017 – Smith & Nephew plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a GBX 1,350 ($17.34) price target on the stock. 5/5/2017 – Smith & Nephew plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a GBX 1,270 ($16.31) price target on the stock. 4/26/2017 – Smith & Nephew plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc. They now have a GBX 1,320 ($16.96) price target on the stock. 4/25/2017 – Smith & Nephew plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a GBX 1,200 ($15.41) price target on the stock. 4/4/2017 – Smith & Nephew plc had its “add” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Numis Securities Ltd. They now have a GBX 1,350 ($17.34) price target on the stock. Smith & Nephew plc (LON:SN) opened at 1350.00 on Wednesday. Smith & Nephew plc has a 12-month low of GBX 1,064.91 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,354.22. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 1,292.26 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 1,215.80. The firm’s market cap is GBX 11.80 billion. In other Smith & Nephew plc news, insider Olivier Bohuon sold 8,031 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,222 ($15.70), for a total transaction of £98,138.82 ($126,061.43). Smith & Nephew plc is a medical technology company. The Company is engaged in developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling medical devices and services. Its products and services include Sports Medicine Joint Repair, Arthroscopic Enabling Technologies (AET), Trauma & Extremities, Other Surgical Businesses, Knee Implants, Hip Implants, Advanced Wound Care, Advanced Wound Bioactives and Advanced Wound Devices. Receive News & Ratings for Smith & Nephew plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smith & Nephew plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/no-really-big-bank-stocks-could-be-heading-higher-1496173064 Stocks to Watch No, Really. Big Bank Stocks Could Be Heading Higher. Despite the recent pain, Credit Suisse analysts continue to see double-digit returns universal bank stocks. By Ben Levisohn May 30, 2017 3:37 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Bank stocks like Goldman Sachs (GS), JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Citigroup (C), and Bank of America (BAC) entered 2017 on a rather remarkable run, but since then they have underperformed: The SPDR S&P Bank ETF (KBE) has dropped 4.9% so far this year. Illustration: Getty Images A combination of factors, including a still slow growing U.S. economy, the failure of the Trump administration to pass its growth-boosting measures, and the flattening of the yield curve have caused banks to underperform in 2017. Still, Credit Suisse analyst Susan Roth Katzke and team remain bullish on so-called "universal banks," particularly Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, and Goldman Sachs. They explain why: ~10-15% upside in recommended names; expect volatility. Given the speed and magnitude of the post-election outperformance, it’s fair to anticipate a good bit of volatility in the stocks—typical at this point in the economic cycle, but also reflective of heightened policy uncertainty (tax reform, regulatory reform, fiscal stimulus plans). We will continue to assess valuations cognizant of the economic cycle, but equally as willing to embrace the changed/changing operating environment. All in, our base case estimates translate to 11% year to year EPS growth and a 13% ROTCE, on average in 2017, with substantial variance around the averages. Our blue sky estimates are ~25% above base case, with near equal incremental upside in the stocks. Looking at a weighted average of our blue sky, base case and gray sky scenarios translates to ~10-15% total return in our recommended names—BAC, JPM, C and GS. We strongly favor the universal banking model, with its multiple levers for growth and greater potential for realization of scale economies. Shares of Bank of America have fallen 1.4% to $22.90 at 3:30 p.m. today, while JPMorgan Chase has dropped 1.6% to $83.96, Citigroup has declined 0.6% to $61.72, and Goldman Sachs has tumbled 2% to $218.3.7 Text Size Regular Medium Large Stocks PREVIOUS No, Electric Cars Won't Kill Oil Stocks...At Least Not All of Them NEXT Signet Jewelers: Pricing in 'Draconian' Downside? Most Popular Oops. JPMorgan Just Broke the Financial Sector. Battle Lines: Dow Ends May Higher. What Will June Bring? General Electric: Is the Dividend Safe? Berkshire Buys Even More Sirius Tracking Stock You Won’t Have to Wait for That iPhone 8 Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Red Rock Resorts Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Red Rock Resorts Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research KRV Capital LP Purchases Shares of 380,000 Red Rock Resorts Inc (RRR) May 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet KRV Capital LP purchased a new position in Red Rock Resorts Inc (NASDAQ:RRR) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor purchased 380,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,428,000. Red Rock Resorts makes up approximately 2.8% of KRV Capital LP’s holdings, making the stock its 17th largest position. A number of other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Red Rock Resorts by 30.6% in the first quarter. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. now owns 4,366,774 shares of the company’s stock worth $96,855,000 after buying an additional 1,022,780 shares in the last quarter. Bamco Inc. NY increased its position in shares of Red Rock Resorts by 7.5% in the third quarter. Bamco Inc. NY now owns 3,877,258 shares of the company’s stock worth $91,465,000 after buying an additional 272,000 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Red Rock Resorts by 78.7% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,391,572 shares of the company’s stock worth $75,225,000 after buying an additional 1,493,890 shares in the last quarter. Tide Point Capital Management LP increased its position in shares of Red Rock Resorts by 233.0% in the fourth quarter. Tide Point Capital Management LP now owns 1,634,587 shares of the company’s stock worth $37,906,000 after buying an additional 1,143,787 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Highline Capital Management L.P. increased its position in shares of Red Rock Resorts by 16.6% in the third quarter. Highline Capital Management L.P. now owns 1,529,300 shares of the company’s stock worth $36,076,000 after buying an additional 218,100 shares in the last quarter. Red Rock Resorts Inc (NASDAQ:RRR) traded down 0.84% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $23.55. The stock had a trading volume of 341,954 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $23.20 and its 200 day moving average price is $22.94. The firm’s market cap is $1.59 billion. Red Rock Resorts Inc has a 12-month low of $19.58 and a 12-month high of $24.67. Red Rock Resorts (NASDAQ:RRR) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $0.30 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.37 by $0.07. The firm had revenue of $417.73 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $402.88 million. Red Rock Resorts had a return on equity of 21.98% and a net margin of 10.19%. Red Rock Resorts’s revenue was up 16.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.64 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that Red Rock Resorts Inc will post $1.33 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 30th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, May 16th will be paid a dividend of $0.10 per share. This represents a $0.40 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.70%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, May 12th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/30/krv-capital-lp-purchases-shares-of-380000-red-rock-resorts-inc-rrr.html. A number of equities analysts have issued reports on RRR shares. Aegis started coverage on Red Rock Resorts in a research report on Monday, February 13th. They set a “buy” rating and a $27.50 price target on the stock. Stifel Nicolaus lowered their price target on Red Rock Resorts from $26.00 to $25.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Red Rock Resorts from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of Red Rock Resorts in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Red Rock Resorts has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $25.95. Red Rock Resorts Company Profile Red Rock Resorts, Inc is a gaming, development and management company. The Company’s segments include Las Vegas operations, Native American management, and Corporate and other. The Las Vegas operations segment includes all of its Las Vegas area casino properties and the Native American management segment includes its Native American management arrangements. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RRR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Red Rock Resorts Inc (NASDAQ:RRR). Receive News & Ratings for Red Rock Resorts Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Red Rock Resorts Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance W. R. Berkley Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for W. R. Berkley Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research W. R. Berkley Corp (WRB) Shares Sold by Elgethun Capital Management May 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Elgethun Capital Management reduced its stake in shares of W. R. Berkley Corp (NYSE:WRB) by 16.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 11,285 shares of the insurance provider’s stock after selling 2,200 shares during the period. Elgethun Capital Management’s holdings in W. R. Berkley Corp were worth $797,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of W. R. Berkley Corp during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $82,223,000. Eaton Vance Management raised its stake in shares of W. R. Berkley Corp by 102.0% in the third quarter. Eaton Vance Management now owns 764,371 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $44,150,000 after buying an additional 385,993 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in shares of W. R. Berkley Corp by 23.0% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,538,368 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $108,656,000 after buying an additional 288,083 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of W. R. Berkley Corp by 11.0% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,852,049 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $130,810,000 after buying an additional 183,218 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of W. R. Berkley Corp during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $10,454,000. 71.79% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. W. R. Berkley Corp (NYSE:WRB) traded up 0.23% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $68.46. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 184,201 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $67.69 and its 200-day moving average price is $67.60. W. R. Berkley Corp has a 1-year low of $54.70 and a 1-year high of $73.17. The stock has a market cap of $8.30 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.54 and a beta of 0.73. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 15th will be issued a $0.14 dividend. This represents a $0.56 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.82%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, June 13th. This is an increase from W. R. Berkley Corp’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.13. W. R. Berkley Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 11.06%. WARNING: “W. R. Berkley Corp (WRB) Shares Sold by Elgethun Capital Management” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/30/w-r-berkley-corp-wrb-shares-sold-by-elgethun-capital-management.html. Several analysts recently commented on WRB shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered W. R. Berkley Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Langen Mcalenn reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of W. R. Berkley Corp in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Boenning Scattergood reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of W. R. Berkley Corp in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $67.00 price target on shares of W. R. Berkley Corp in a research note on Wednesday, May 17th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $62.00. About W. R. Berkley Corp W. R. Berkley Corporation is an insurance holding company. It operates through two segments: Insurance and Reinsurance-Global. The Insurance segment consists of its commercial insurance business operations, comprising excess and surplus lines, and admitted lines, throughout the United States, as well as its insurance business operations in the United Kingdom, Continental Europe, South America, Canada, Mexico, Scandinavia, Asia and Australia. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WRB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for W. R. Berkley Corp (NYSE:WRB). Receive News & Ratings for W. R. Berkley Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for W. R. Berkley Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers CarsIreland.ie Blog Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Charlie Weston Colette Browne Dan O'Brien David McWilliams Fionnan Sheahan Gene Kerrigan Ian O'Doherty Ivan Yates Martina Devlin Sarah Carey David Quinn Billy Keane Mary Kenny Declan Lynch Brendan O'Connor Sinead Kissane Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List World Technology Dublin Information Sec 2017 Tech & Gaming Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness PRO12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Punchestown Horse Racing Punchestown Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Baby Loss Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Vhi WMM Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts The Paul Williams Podcast The Punter's Platform The Floating Voter Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business World Thursday 1 June 2017 Political concerns dent global sentiment A woman walks past the London Stock Exchange building in the City of London. Photo: Reuters Reuters May 31 2017 2:30 AM 0 Comments Political concerns dent global sentiment Independent.ie Oil prices slid yesterday on concerns of a persistent global supply glut while US and European political worries combined to subdue investor sentiment and weaken equity markets around the world. http://www.independent.ie/business/world/political-concerns-dent-global-sentiment-35773261.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35772927.ece/6be28/AUTOCROP/h342/LSE%202.jpg Email Oil prices slid yesterday on concerns of a persistent global supply glut while US and European political worries combined to subdue investor sentiment and weaken equity markets around the world. But JPMorgan global equity strategists said they expect UK stocks to claw back some of their underperformance against eurozone and global peers and recommended investors buy into blue-chip, dividend-paying exporters that stand to benefit the most from a weak sterling. "We think UK is becoming interesting in the regional allocation again," JPMorgan's strategists said, adding that signs that investors have turned less risk-averse since early May also bodes well for London-listed stocks. "(The) UK is a defensive market with high dividend yield. It should perform better in the backdrop of potential softening in activity indicators, lower inflation prints and continued range-bound bond yields," JPMorgan said. In Ireland, the ISEQ Overall Index ended the session in positive territory, unlike many of its European peers. It closed up 0.34pc at 6.995.83. Shares in Ryanair surged 3.7pc to €18.42 as the airline reported full-year results and CEO Michael O'Leary said the carrier will extend leases and buy a handful of extra planes from Boeing to meet demand next summer. The carrier also launched a €600m share buyback. Shares in food group Aryzta tumbled nearly 9pc as it reported third quarter results that showed its margins remain under pressure. Bank of Ireland was 2.5pc lower at 24 cent, while betting group Paddy Power Betfair also fell 2.5pc, to €93.02. The UK's FTSE-100 edged 0.28pc lower. France's CAC-40 was down 0.5pc and Germany's DAX retreated 0.2pc. Irish Independent Follow @Indobusiness BA's lost weekend points to a cost-cutting campaign at its limit  Chris Bryant One of British Airways boss Alex Cruz's first acts was to commission a new feature in the staff magazine: 'Mistake of the Month'. The airline's employees, Mr Cruz complained, were reluctant to admit... Pressure remains on Cuisine de France maker Aryzta as revenue remains flat  Ellie Donnelly Aryzta, the Dublin-listed global food business has reported flat revenue of €975.2m for the three months to April 30, according to the group’s third quarter revenue update. British Airways CEO says outsourcing not to blame for IT failure  A global computer system failure that stranded thousands of British Airways passengers over the weekend was not due to the outsourcing of staff from Britain, the airline's chief executive said on Monday. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented BA's lost weekend points to a cost-cutting campaign at its limit  World Political concerns dent global sentiment  World Jack Wills expands into mainland Europe in bid to offset impact of Brexit-hit pound  World From computer failures to the end of fresh flowers in first class toilets...how British...  World China blue-chip index posts best day in over nine months despite surprise downgrade...  World WATCH: The moment a car is tipped over on busy Dublin road  Irish News Video 'New job new start hopefully all goes well' - Chilling final message of man shot dead in...  Crime Revealed: Ireland's most popular baby names by county  Mothers & Babies President Michael D Higgins announced a free ice-cream giveaway today and...  Irish News Revealed - Why Thursday could be D-Day in Manchester United's pursuit of...  Manchester United Donald Trump finally responds to garbled midnight tweet 'covfefe' that left the world baffled 'Despite the constant negative press covfefe' - Trump's garbled midnight tweet has the internet baffled Donald Trump 'pulls out of 200-country strong Paris climate deal' - reports Male cyclist (50s) dies after collision with car Promoted articles Also in Business Political concerns dent global sentiment Oil prices slid yesterday on concerns of a persistent global supply glut while US and... BA's lost weekend points to a cost-cutting campaign at its limit One of British Airways boss Alex Cruz's first acts was to... Pressure remains on Cuisine de France maker Aryzta as revenue remains flat Aryzta, the Dublin-listed global food business has... British Airways CEO says outsourcing not to blame for IT failure A global computer system failure that stranded thousands... RBS investor group accepts offer to end lawsuit over 2008 cash call A group representing Royal Bank of Scotland investors has... From computer failures to the end of fresh flowers in first class toilets...how British... In 1989, bosses at British Airways were so confident that... Jack Wills expands into mainland Europe in bid to offset impact of Brexit-hit... British fashion brand Jack Wills has expanded into mainland... London to Sydney non-stop flights could be possible by 2020 As the fare for its first non-stop flight between the... Share watch: German car renter driving ahead in a challenging market I've always had a soft spot for car rental companies. Pound volatility up as Labour closes gap in UK election Dramatic tightening in the UK's general election race has already hit the pound, with... VIDEO: Thousands of delegates and speakers descend on RDS for TechConnect Thousands of delegates and speakers are... VIDEO: Sheep shearing season arrives again Sheep shearing season arrives again VIDEO: Project Hope's Richard Carson Entrepreneurs with a vision for social change and an eye on €300,000 in... VIDEO: Dragons' Den-style bootcamp - 'The Grow Dome Project' Entrepreneurs with a vision for social change... VIDEO: Cooking up Change's Aisling Kirwan has brought her 'Cook. Eat. Share' to the... Entrepreneurs with a vision for social change... VIDEO: 'Impact of Brexit on Irish companies already started' Irish export growth to the UK was down... VIDEO: Cyber attack hit 200,000 victims across 150 countries, says Europol... The threat from the cyber attack that crippled... VIDEO: Balmoral Show Echo the heifer becomes unlikely moo-vie star A Co Down heifer has become an unlikely social... VIDEO: Balmoral set to pull in a record 100,000 visitors Visitor numbers at the Balmoral Show are expected to crack the 100,000 mark... VIDEO - EU negotiator Michel Barnier: Initial Brexit focus will be on Ireland, the... Michel Barnier speaks at the European... Social Entrepreneurs Ireland Bootcamp 2017 In pictures: All Ireland Marketing Awards 2017 See stunning pictures of silage work beside Newgrange Stunning pictures taken last week Newgrange Farm, Slane Co Meath show silage being... In Pictures: Dublin Data Sec 2017 Press Photographer Association of Ireland (PPAI) awards - winning pictures Press Photographer of the Year 2017 Gerry Mooney - A Portfolio In pictures: Shakira and Forest Whitaker attend annual World Economic Forum (WEF) From magic mirrors to kissing robots - the best from the world's biggest tech show Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Charlie Weston Colette Browne Dan O'Brien David McWilliams Fionnan Sheahan Gene Kerrigan Ian O'Doherty Ivan Yates Martina Devlin Sarah Carey David Quinn Billy Keane Mary Kenny Declan Lynch Brendan O'Connor Sinead Kissane Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List World Technology Dublin Information Sec 2017 Tech & Gaming Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness PRO12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Punchestown Horse Racing Punchestown Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Baby Loss Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Vhi WMM Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts The Paul Williams Podcast The Punter's Platform The Floating Voter Search Go
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russia Just In... White House releases waivers to administration's ethics pledge Administration — 3h 39m ago Steph Curry: Obama and I have talked about challenge of living in public eye In The Know — 4h 1m ago Trump granted at least 16 White House staffers ethics waivers: report Business & Lobbying — 4h 27m ago Hillary Clinton fires back at Trump tweet with 'covfefe' reference Blog Briefing Room — 5h 11m ago Perez: Trump’s allegiance is with Putin Administration — 5h 16m ago Pro-Paris agreement protest planned outside the White House Thursday Energy & Environment — 5h 19m ago Dem: Sessions, Kislyak story may be ‘big time perjury’ House — 5h 36m ago Trump to announce Paris climate deal decision Thursday Administration — 5h 39m ago view all   Lobbying World By The Hill Staff - 05/30/17 07:13 PM EDT 1   American Airlines, one of the “big three” U.S. carriers, hired Nate Gatten away from banking giant JPMorgan Chase. Gatten had been managing director and head of global government relations at the bank for almost a decade. At American, he’ll serve as senior vice president for government affairs, leading the company’s advocacy efforts on Capitol Hill, the administration and abroad. Wine & Spirits Wholesalers of America (WSWA) hired Steve Rebillot to serve as senior director of public affairs. Prior to that, he worked at the Associated Builders and Contractors as director of legislative affairs and founded the firm Intellegens Consulting, which included clients such as the Republican Attorneys General Association, SoftBank, UNCF and Lionsgate Entertainment and political candidates such as Linda McMahon, who is now administrator of the Small Business Administration. The WSWA also promoted Ashley Lantz and Ali Gormley to the title of senior director of federal affairs. Gormley joined the industry group in 2013, and formerly worked for Rep. Pat Tiberi (R-Ohio). Lantz came to the WSWA last year from the National Court Appointed Special Advocate Association. ADVERTISEMENT Scott Dziengelski has been named a director of policy and regulatory affairs at the National Association of Psychiatric Health Systems. Before that, he worked as legislative director for Rep. Tim Murphy (R-Pa.). David Leiter has left ML Strategies to found his own firm, called Plurus Strategies. Leiter worked in the Department of Energy during the Clinton administration and on Capitol Hill for then-Sen. John KerryJohn KerryKerry to Trump: Think of grandkids in deciding fate of climate accord Lobbying World John Kerry channels Yoda in tweetstorm MORE (D-Mass.). Leiter brought over three clients from ML Strategies: The American Hospital Association, Exxon Mobil Corp. and Northeast Maglev.  Public Strategies Washington hired Tom Nagle. He comes from Accenture, where he led its state, federal and municipal lobbying programs. Before that, Nagel worked for 12 years as the top staffer to Sen. Tom UdallTom UdallLobbying World VA eyes building closures to boost care under Trump GOP senator: FCC must explain 'manhandling' reporter MORE (D-N.M), working as the lawmaker’s chief of staff in both the House and the Senate.  Tags John Kerry Tom Udall   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Bloomberg: '55 percent chance'... Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg thinks there's a "55 percent... 944 Shares 2 Spicer offers cryptic explanation... White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Wednesday offered a cryptic... 475 Shares 3 Seven subpoenas issued in House... The House Intelligence Committee on Wednesday issued seven new subpoenas... 468 Shares 4 Dem: Sessions, Kislyak story may... "Why is he still in office?" Rep. Ted Lieu (D-Calif.) tweeted of Sessions. 248 Shares 5 GOP launches attack on MSNBC's... The Republican National Committee is offering a blistering take on MSNBC's... 173 Shares 6 Climate change drama grips the... Trump himself said a decision was coming “very soon,” but refused to... 144 Shares 7 Hillary Clinton fires back at... Hillary Clinton on Wednesday fired back at criticism from President Trump... 113 Shares 8 Trump's impatience with GOP grows An impatient President Trump is putting new pressure on Senate Majority... 76 Shares 9 Clinton questions Trump's 'fake'... Hillary Clinton resurrected debunked reports of President Trump's flood of... 68 Shares 10 House urged to ‘go ugly early’ Senior House appropriators are urging GOP leaders to “go ugly early” and... 67 Shares 11 In praise of Trump pulling out of... OPINION | The deal’s goal will be breached shortly, making it a fig leaf,... 65 Shares 12 White House releases waivers to... The list names at least 12 individuals, including four lobbyists. 65 Shares 13 White House preps broad exemptions... The Trump administration is poised to make changes to ObamaCare’s birth... 63 Shares 14 Trump faces shrinking talent pool... President Trump faces serious challenges in restructuring a White House,... 57 Shares 15 Clinton rips DNC: I inherited... Hillary Clinton blasted the Democratic National Committee on Wednesday,... 56 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Headwaters Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Headwaters Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Harvest Management LLC Has $2.47 Million Position in Headwaters Inc (HW) May 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Harvest Management LLC cut its stake in Headwaters Inc (NYSE:HW) by 30.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 105,000 shares of the construction company’s stock after selling 45,000 shares during the period. Headwaters accounts for approximately 1.9% of Harvest Management LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 18th largest position. Harvest Management LLC’s holdings in Headwaters were worth $2,465,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Principal Financial Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Headwaters by 5.6% in the first quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 585,167 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $13,740,000 after buying an additional 31,180 shares in the last quarter. OppenheimerFunds Inc. boosted its stake in Headwaters by 11.6% in the first quarter. OppenheimerFunds Inc. now owns 73,763 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $1,732,000 after buying an additional 7,692 shares during the period. K2 Principal Fund L.P. bought a new stake in Headwaters during the first quarter valued at $2,760,000. Arizona State Retirement System boosted its stake in Headwaters by 2.4% in the first quarter. Arizona State Retirement System now owns 39,059 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $917,000 after buying an additional 900 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Headwaters by 20.7% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,132,905 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $50,081,000 after buying an additional 365,399 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 86.77% of the company’s stock. Headwaters Inc (NYSE HW) remained flat at $24.24 during trading on Tuesday. Headwaters Inc has a 12 month low of $16.05 and a 12 month high of $24.25. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $23.97 and a 200-day moving average price of $23.31. Headwaters (NYSE:HW) last released its quarterly earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The construction company reported $0.21 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.17 by $0.04. Headwaters had a return on equity of 26.48% and a net margin of 4.18%. The company had revenue of $259.30 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $253.47 million. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.13 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 28.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that Headwaters Inc will post $1.34 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Harvest Management LLC Has $2.47 Million Position in Headwaters Inc (HW)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/30/harvest-management-llc-has-2-47-million-position-in-headwaters-inc-hw.html. Several analysts recently weighed in on HW shares. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $24.25 price target on shares of Headwaters in a report on Friday, March 17th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Headwaters from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $22.68. Headwaters Company Profile Headwaters Incorporated is a building materials company operating in the building products and construction materials sectors. The Company sells building products, such as manufactured architectural stone, siding accessory products, roof products and concrete block. The Company’s operating segments include building products, construction materials and energy technology. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Headwaters Inc (NYSE:HW). Receive News & Ratings for Headwaters Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Headwaters Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In Vista to buy Xactly for about $564 mln May 30, 2017 By Iris Dorbian Vista Equity Partners has agreed to acquire Xactly for about $564 million. According to terms of the deal, Xactly stockholders will receive $15.65 per share. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC is serving as financial adviser to Xactly. Based in San Jose, California, Xactly is a provider of cloud-based incentive solutions. PRESS RELEASE SAN JOSE, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Xactly (NYSE: XTLY), a leading provider of cloud-based incentive solutions, today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by Vista Equity Partners (“Vista”), a leading private equity firm focused on investments in software, data and technology-enabled businesses. Under the terms of the agreement, affiliates of Vista will acquire all outstanding shares of Xactly common stock for a total value of approximately $564 million. Xactly stockholders will receive $15.65 in cash per share, representing an approximately 17% premium to the closing price as of May 26, 2017 and an approximately 31% premium compared to the 3-month volume weighted average price of Xactly’s common stock. “This announcement represents a very positive event for our stockholders and enables Xactly to build upon its successful 12-year history,” said Christopher W. Cabrera, founder and CEO of Xactly Corporation. “We are confident that Vista is the ideal partner to accelerate our growth initiatives and enable Xactly to focus on innovation and customer success while forging a new era of incentive compensation management.” “Xactly’s market leadership in cloud incentive compensation solutions makes it an ideal addition to the Vista family of companies,” said Brian Sheth, Co-Founder and President of Vista Equity Partners. “We are looking forward to bringing Vista’s resources and expertise to help drive Xactly’s next phase of innovation and growth.” Xactly’s headquarters will remain in San Jose. The closing of the transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including the approval of Xactly’s stockholders and antitrust approval in the United States. The transaction is expected to close in the third quarter of the 2017 calendar year. In a separate press release issued today, Xactly announced preliminary financial results for the first quarter of 2018. Xactly will report its fiscal 2018 first quarter in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Xactly will not hold a conference call to discuss earnings due to the announced sale of the company. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC is acting as exclusive financial advisor and Wilson, Sonsini, Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, is serving as legal advisor to Xactly. Vista’s legal advisor is Kirkland & Ellis LLP. About Xactly Headquartered in San Jose, California, Xactly (NYSE: XTLY), is a leading provider of enterprise-class, cloud-based, incentive compensation solutions for employee and sales performance management. Named a leader in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for Sales Performance Management software, Xactly addresses a critical business need to incentivize employees and align their behaviors with company goals. Our products allow organizations to make more strategic decisions, increase employee performance, improve margins, and mitigate risk. Our core values are key to our success, and each day we’re committed to upholding them by delivering the best we can to our customers. To learn more about Xactly and the latest issues and trends in SPM software, follow us on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to the Xactly blog. About Vista Equity Partners Vista Equity Partners, a U.S.-based investment firm with offices in Austin, San Francisco, Chicago, and Oakland with more than $30 billion in cumulative capital commitments, currently invests in software, data and technology-enabled organizations led by world-class management teams with long-term perspective. Vista is a value-added investor, contributing professional expertise and multi-level support towards companies realizing their full potential. Vista’s investment approach is anchored by a sizable long-term capital base, experience in structuring technology-oriented transactions, and proven management techniques that yield flexibility and opportunity in private equity investing. For more information, please visit www.vistaequitypartners.com. Do you want exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more? Get your FREE trial to Buyouts! Or subscribe now! Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts FIS sells 60 pct of Capco to CD&R for $477 mln by Luisa Beltran Vista to acquire Lithium Technologies by Iris Dorbian Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Blackstone, Goldman, Prudential are hiring by Eamon Murphy HGGC to buy Nutraceutical International for $446 mln by Luisa Beltran Rothschild Advisory adds four to team by Iris Dorbian TA Associates to invest in MRI Software by Iris Dorbian Vista to buy Xactly for about $564 mln by Iris Dorbian Partners Group to buy SPi Global by Luisa Beltran © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman First Republic Announces Pricing of $500,000,000 Senior Notes Offering SAN FRANCISCO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–First Republic Bank (“First Republic”) (NYSE:FRC), a leading private bank and wealth management company, today announced the pricing of $500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2022. First Republic will pay interest on the Senior Notes semi-annually in arrears on June 6 and December 6 of each year, beginning on December 6, 2017. The Senior Notes will bear interest at a rate of 2.500% per annum and, unless previously redeemed, will mature on June 6, 2022. The offering is expected to close on or about June 6, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. First Republic expects to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, funding loans or purchasing investment securities for its portfolio. Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC are serving as joint book-running managers. The Williams Capital Group, L.P. is serving as co-manager. The offering will be made only by means of an offering circular. The offering circular relating to the offering is available at www.frc-offering.com. Copies of the offering circular may also be obtained when available from Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, NC1-004-03-43, 200 North College Street, 3rd floor, Charlotte, NC 28255-0001, attention: Prospectus Department, or email: dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com; from Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, telephone: 1-866-471-2526, facsimile: 212-902-9316 or by emailing prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com; from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Ave, NY, NY 10179, attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, or by calling 212-834-4533; or from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, 180 Varick Street, Second Floor, New York, NY 10014, attention: Prospectus Department. This press release is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities, nor shall there be any sale of the securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. The securities are neither insured nor approved by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. About First Republic Bank Founded in 1985, First Republic and its subsidiaries offer private banking, private business banking and private wealth management, including investment, trust and brokerage services. First Republic specializes in delivering exceptional, relationship-based service, with a solid commitment to responsiveness and action. Services are offered through preferred banking or wealth management offices primarily in San Francisco, Palo Alto, Los Angeles, Santa Barbara, Newport Beach and San Diego, California; Portland, Oregon; Boston, Massachusetts; Palm Beach, Florida; Greenwich, Connecticut and New York, New York. First Republic offers a complete line of banking products for individuals and businesses, including deposit services, as well as residential, commercial and personal loans. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements about First Republic’s expectations, beliefs, plans, predictions, forecasts, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “can,” “could,” “may,” “predicts,” “potential,” “should,” “will,” “estimates,” “plans,” “projects,” “continuing,” “ongoing,” “expects,” “intends” and similar words or phrases. Accordingly, these statements are only predictions and involve estimates, known and unknown risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in them. All forward-looking statements are necessarily only estimates of future results, and there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from expectations, and, therefore, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. Any forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed in the section titled “Risk Factors” in First Republic’s offering circular relating to this offering, including the documents incorporated by reference therein, and other risks described in documents subsequently filed by First Republic from time to time under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and First Republic undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Embraer Enters Innovation Partnership with Uber Elevate Network Next PostNext フレンズ・プロビデント・インターナショナルが保険引受の合理化と顧客サービス改善のためのデジタル新保険ソリューションであるミュンヘン再保険のALLFINANZを導入 Search Recent Posts NZ dollar rises to 4-month high vs Aussie Air New Zealand boosts Samoa route L’International WELL Building Institute™ présente WELL Portfolio™ Brownfields Coalition Awarded $500,000 to Continue Revitalization of Business Sites Poll shows near total support for legislation protecting Hawaiis reefs and marine life from overharvest by the aquarium trade Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
WFTV Orlando LIVE http://www.wftv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WFTV Orlando SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wftv profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12384721 Home 12384770 News County by County National/World News 9 Investigates Action 9 CFL Spotlight Politics Watch Live Pulse Shooting Videos: 9 Facts 12384727 Weather 5 Day Forecast LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Local Maps Hour-by-Hour Facts and Hacks Lifestyle Forecasts Weather Pics & Video 12384812 Traffic Traffic News I-4 Ultimate Project Pump Patrol 12384830 Sports High School Football Orlando Magic Orlando City Soccer College & Pro Sports 12384884 Videos 12384962 9 Family TV 27 Community Connection Science Center Weather Experience Cox Conserves Aging Parents 12385010 Home Experts Toyota of Orlando Toyota of Clermont Shop CFL Legal Headlines The Daily Two Automotive Buy/Sell 12384974 icFlorida Local Events Entertainment Movies Pets Theme Parks/Attractions Contests 12385052 ABOUT WFTV WFTV News Team WFTV Mobile Apps WFTV Listings TV 27 TV Listings WFTV.com Media Kit WFTV.com Member Help Jobs at WFTV/WRDQ Speakers Bureau Got a story or tip? More Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss by: JOE McDONALD, AP Business Writer Updated: Jun 1, 2017 - 1:08 AM BEIJING (AP) - Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while most other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,101.37 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1.1 percent to 19,867.93. Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.3 percent to 25,749.34 and Seoul's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 2,344.14. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 was little-changed at 5,730.90 and India's Sensex also was unchanged at 31,164.38. Benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Southeast Asia advanced. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. "Yesterday's official PMI reading had hinted at growth having remained broadly stable last month," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. "But today's downbeat unofficial PMI suggests conditions may not have held up as well as previously thought." TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce whether he will pull the United States out of the 150-nation Paris climate accord. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump said he still was listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 48 cents to $48.80 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 45 cents to $51.21 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.95 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1246 from $1.1247. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss World stocks mixed on US political uncertainty, pound slides Asian stocks mixed amid US political uncertainty, China data Global shares weaker as investors await economic data News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WFTV Weather Weather LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WFTV EEOC Statement WFTV Public File WRDQ Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
BREAKING NEWS: Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Reviews Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper Budgets Budget 2017-18 Budget 2016-17 Budget 2015-16 Budget 2014-15 Budget 2013-14 Budget 2012-13 Budget 2011-12 Budget 2010-11 Budget 2009-10 Budget 2008-09 Budget 2007-08 All Budgets Home »Markets » FXMM » Asia » Sterling slips on election fears, downbeat China PMI weighs on stocks Asia Sterling slips on election fears, downbeat China PMI weighs on stocks Imaduddin Jun 1st, 2017 10:28 0   SINGAPORE: Sterling retreated on Thursday on fears that Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in Britain's June 8 election, while conflicting signals on the health of China's manufacturing sector kept most Asian stock markets in check. Sterling retreated 0.1 percent to $1.2877 after a YouGov poll showed May could be well short of the number of seats needed to form a government, raising the prospect of political turmoil just as formal Brexit talks begin. Other polls, however, show May winning a big majority. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan  was flat after four sessions of losses as investors took profits after stocks hit a two-year high last week and as economic and geopolitical concerns continued to weigh on sentiment. Chinese shares fell as much as 0.4 percent after a private survey showed the country's manufacturing activity contracted in May for the first time in 11 months, contrasting with official data on Wednesday which suggested growth remained steady. But Japan's Nikkei advanced 1 percent after data showed recurring first-quarter corporate profits were the highest on record for the January to March period. An increase in capital expenditure in the first quarter added to a raft of recent data pointing to economic expansion, while manufacturing growth in Japan also rose to a three-month high, according to a business survey. South Korea's KOSPI fell 0.2 percent but the Korean won remained steady at 1,119.3 won to the dollar as rising exports in May offset other data showing factory activity shrank for the 10th straight month. "Asian equity markets have outperformed other emerging markets over the past month," Krystal Tan, Asia economist at Capital Economics, wrote in a note, while adding that further gains this year are expected to be limited. Overnight, Wall Street closed slightly lower as financials lost ground after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter, but gains in defensive plays offset the decline. All three major U.S. indexes   ended May in positive territory. The dollar gained after touching a near two-week low against the yen overnight. It was up 0.2 percent to 110.88 yen on Thursday, its first positive session in five, but concerns about U.S. politics capped gains. President Donald Trump's administration has been the focus of independent investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and several congressional panels over alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion by the Trump campaign. The House intelligence committee on Wednesday approved subpoenas for Trump's former national security advisor and personal lawyer in connected with the Russian meddling probe. The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major peers, inched up less than 0.1 percent to 96.993 after posting a 0.4 percent loss on Wednesday. "The dollar remains pressured by the mounting dysfunction in Washington that has all but eliminated hopes for a bold fiscal stimulus package from the Trump administration," said Omer Esiner, chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange in Washington. Clouding the picture further was a mixed bag of economic data on Wednesday. Pending home sales fell for a second straight month in April, hindered by a lack of supply, while an index of U.S. Midwest manufacturing activity rose in May. The Chinese yuan continued its recent run of gains, strengthening for a fourth straight session after news that authorities are tweaking their formula for the daily reference rate in a bid to quash persistent depreciation pressure. It was last trading at 6.7908 per dollar, its strongest level since November, after the People's Bank of China set the midpoint at 6.8090. The euro was flat at $1.1244. In commodities, oil prices advanced on a report that showed U.S. crude stockpiles had fallen more than expected. That came on the heels of Wednesday's steep declines driven by after an increase in Libyan output that helped boost monthly OPEC production for the first time this year. Global benchmark Brent advanced 1.7 percent to $51.15 a barrel after slumping 3 percent on Wednesday. U.S. crude rose 0.8 percent to $48.70, after plunging 2.7 percent in the previous session. Gold rose 0.1 percent to $1,262.20 an ounce. Copyright Reuters, 2017 Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Imaduddin Previous Super Zlatan stuns fans yet again Next Soybeans up for 2nd day as Argentina port strike threatens supply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Close Top
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Cutting EPA to the bone?•Big-data Air Force recruitment•Trump budget targets student loan program Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Most Asian stock markets… Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss By JOE McDONALD June 1, 2017 1:08 am 2 min read Share BEIJING (AP) — Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while most other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,101.37 while Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 gained 1.1 percent to 19,867.93. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng advanced 0.3 percent to 25,749.34 and Seoul’s Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 2,344.14. Sydney’s S&P-ASX 200 was little-changed at 5,730.90 and India’s Sensex also was unchanged at 31,164.38. Benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Southeast Asia advanced. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers’ index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April’s 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. “Yesterday’s official PMI reading had hinted at growth having remained broadly stable last month,” said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. “But today’s downbeat unofficial PMI suggests conditions may not have held up as well as previously thought.” Register now to learn how DHS and Commerce are implementing CDM strategies. Advertisement TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce whether he will pull the United States out of the 150-nation Paris climate accord. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump said he still was listening to “a lot of people both ways.” Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 48 cents to $48.80 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 45 cents to $51.21 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.95 yen from Wednesday’s 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1246 from $1.1247. Related Topics Business News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Most Asian stock markets… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories Shulkin details 13 areas of improvement in his diagnosis of VA Top Story DHS cancels $1.5B contract for agile services Contracts/Awards SBA Administrator McMahon leading agency by ‘effective and efficient’ example Exclusive OSC employee blows whistle on OSC Workforce Rights/Governance 12 key takeaways from the 2018 budget that could affect you Budget Fed Photo of the Day NRC celebrates Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month Today in History 1790: George Washington signs first US copyright law THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 31, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9261 0.0060 2.24% L 2020 25.6005 0.0130 3.69% L 2030 28.5857 0.0211 5.24% L 2040 30.8092 0.0262 6.00% L 2050 17.6802 0.0168 6.69% G Fund 15.3354 0.0009 0.78% F Fund 17.8967 0.0184 1.75% C Fund 33.5487 -0.0101 7.16% S Fund 43.0305 0.0296 5.78% I Fund 28.1212 0.1036 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ING Groep NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News American Superconductor Co. (AMSC) PT Set at $10.00 by Roth Capital Bunzl plc (BNZL) Downgraded by HSBC Holdings plc Zebra Technologies Corp. (ZBRA) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Rating Reiterated by Seaport Global Securities EXACT Sciences Co. (EXAS) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Vetr Inc. Upgrades Shopify Inc (US) (SHOP) to “Buy” Aixtron Se (AIXA) Given a €5.50 Price Target at Baader Bank Barclays PLC Reaffirms Buy Rating for Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Ra Pharmaceuticals’ (RARX) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Old Second Bancorp Inc. (OSBC) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Lanxess AG (LXS) Given a €69.00 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC Ashmore Group (AJMPF) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Abeona Therapeutics’ (ABEO) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Traders Sell Shares of SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) on Strength on Insider Selling Traders Sell Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) on Strength After Insider Selling Traders Sell Shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL) on Strength on Insider Selling BNP Paribas Analysts Give ING Groep NV (INGA) a €16.00 Price Target Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates €10.50 Price Target for Telefonica S.A. (TEF) Barclays PLC Reiterates €9.30 Price Target for Telefonica S.A. (TEF) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Globus Medical (GMED) BNP Paribas Analysts Give ING Groep NV (INGA) a €16.00 Price Target May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet BNP Paribas set a €16.00 ($17.98) price objective on ING Groep NV (AMS:INGA) in a report published on Monday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Several other research analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Barclays PLC set a €18.00 ($20.22) price objective on shares of ING Groep NV and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Monday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €17.20 ($19.33) price objective on shares of ING Groep NV and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Monday. Macquarie set a €17.00 ($19.10) price objective on shares of ING Groep NV and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Monday. Deutsche Bank AG set a €17.00 ($19.10) price target on shares of ING Groep NV and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Monday. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €17.50 ($19.66) price target on shares of ING Groep NV and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Friday, May 26th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of €15.83 ($17.78). Shares of ING Groep NV (INGA) opened at 14.89 on Monday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of €14.88 and a 200-day moving average of €13.91. The stock has a market capitalization of €57.81 billion and a P/E ratio of 11.87. ING Groep NV has a 1-year low of €9.35 and a 1-year high of €15.88. WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/bnp-paribas-analysts-give-ing-groep-nv-inga-a-16-00-price-target-3.html. About ING Groep NV ING Groep N.V. (ING) is a financial institution. The Company offers banking services. The Company’s segments include Retail Netherlands, which offers current and savings accounts, business lending, mortgages and other consumer lending in the Netherlands; Retail Belgium, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands; Retail Germany, which offers current and savings accounts, mortgages and other customer lending; Retail Other, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands, and Wholesale Banking, which offers wholesale banking activities (a full range of products from cash management to corporate finance), real estate and lease. Receive News & Ratings for ING Groep NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations SF Bay Area Events Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer SF Bay Area Events Online Marketing Promotion, By Zennie62Media #SFEvents YT ComicCon Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rate LOG Live FLS Priv Dow Jones Industrial Average Falls Amid Financial Sector Sell-Off – Nasdaq Posted on May 31 2017 - 4:31pm by Zennie Abraham Categorized as Business 8 Related Uber Just Lost $708 Million, But Here’s Why It Sees Itself as ‘Healthy’ – TheStreet.com Nasdaq The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) once again traded lower, as weakness in bank stocks and oil prices weighed for a second straight day. Most notably, Dow components JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs experienced sharp losses, with both stocks … DJIA Today: Dow Jones Futures Tumble as Bank Shares SelloffEconomic Calendar Why Were the S&P 500, NASDAQ, and Dow Slower on May 30?Market Realist Stocks close lower as S&P and Nasdaq snap 7-day winning streakCNBC Morningstar.com –FX Empire all 59 news articles …read more Source:: Dow Jones News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Seattle Blog - Cleveland Blog - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . [yourchannel user="Zennie62"] Zennie62 Email List Name Email * Zennie62 on YouTube Las Vegas Pol Blasts NFL Oakland Raiders Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube NBA Finals Cleveland Cavs vs Golden State Warriors Oakland Preview Livestream Oakland Offers $1 Million Settlement To Jasmine Abuslin Sex Scandal Victim Oakland In NBA Finals TV Spotlight Again, Not After Warriors Go To SF Finished House Of Cards Season 5 On Netflix, And Wow, Did Trump See It? Derek Carr Contract Trumanine Johnson Rams, Mark Sanchez Injury NFL Livestream Tiger Woods DUI Arrest A Police Set Up - Sports Talk Livestream SF Bay Area Events Meeting Promotion Today Frank Deford Of Sports Illustrated And NPR Passes Today Terry Frei Fired By Denver Post After Racist Indy 500 Tweet On Takuma Sato Tiger Woods Arrested For DUI Near His Own Restaurant In Jupiter Florida Tiger Woods Arrested For DUI In Jupiter Florida http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Global markets: Sterling slips on election fears, conflicting China signal... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Thu Jun 1, 2017 | 11:25am IST Global markets: Sterling slips on election fears, conflicting China signals weigh on stocks A man stands in front of electronic boards showing stock prices and exchange rate between Japanese Yen and U.S dollar outside a brokerage in Tokyo, Japan, January 20, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon By Nichola Saminather | SINGAPORE SINGAPORE Sterling retreated on Thursday on fears that Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in Britain's June 8 election, while conflicting signals on the health of China's manufacturing sector kept most Asian stock markets in check. European stocks, however, looked set to open on a more positive note, with financial spreadbetter CMC Markets expecting major markets to start the day up about 0.1 percent. Sterling fell 0.1 percent to $1.2877 after a YouGov poll showed May could be well short of the number of seats needed to form a government, raising the prospect of political turmoil just as formal Brexit talks begin. Other polls, however, show May winning a big majority. The currency hit a near six-week low on Wednesday but recovered to close higher. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was flat after four sessions of losses as investors took profits after stocks hit a two-year high last week and as economic and geopolitical concerns continued to weigh on sentiment. Chinese shares fell as much as 0.5 percent after a private survey showed the country's manufacturing activity contracted in May for the first time in 11 months. The findings contrasted with official data on Wednesday which suggested growth remained steady. South Korea's KOSPI fell 0.1 percent and the Korean won fell 0.2 percent to 1,120.67 won to the dollar after data showing factory activity shrank for the 10th straight month. However, losses were limited by other data showing rising exports in May. Factories across much of Asia ran into a soft patch in May as export demand slowed, according to business surveys, but analysts said the weakness was likely to be temporary amid signs of steady improvement in the global economy. Manufacturing activity continued to improve in most of the region -- albeit at a more modest pace -- and business confidence remained strong overall. "Most of emerging Asia's manufacturing PMIs slipped in May but we doubt this marks the start of a significant downturn in Asian manufacturing," Krystal Tan, Asia economist at Capital Economics, wrote in a note. Japan's Nikkei advanced 1 percent after data showed recurring first-quarter corporate profits were the highest on record for the January to March period. An increase in capital expenditure in the first quarter added to a raft of recent data pointing to economic expansion, while manufacturing growth in Japan also rose to a three-month high, according to a business survey. Overnight, Wall Street closed slightly lower as financials lost ground after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter, but gains in defensive plays offset the decline. All three major U.S. indexes ended May in positive territory. The dollar gained after touching a near two-week low against the yen overnight. It was up 0.4 percent to 110.06 yen on Thursday, its first positive session in five, but concerns about U.S. politics capped gains. President Donald Trump's administration has been the focus of independent investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and several congressional panels over alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion by the Trump campaign. The House intelligence committee on Wednesday approved subpoenas for Trump's former national security advisor and personal lawyer in connected with the Russian meddling probe. A decision by Trump on whether the U.S. will remain in a global pact to fight climate change, due at 3 p.m. EDT (1900 GMT) is also keeping markets on edge. A source close to the matter said he was preparing to pull out of the deal. The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major peers, inched up 0.1 percent to 97.003 after posting a 0.4 percent loss on Wednesday. Clouding the picture further was a mixed bag of economic data on Wednesday. Pending home sales fell for a second straight month in April, hindered by a lack of supply, while an index of U.S. Midwest manufacturing activity rose in May. The Chinese yuan continued its recent run of gains, strengthening for a fourth straight session after news that authorities are tweaking their formula for the daily reference rate in a bid to quash persistent depreciation pressure. It was last trading at 6.7948 per dollar, close to its strongest level since November hit earlier in the session, after the People's Bank of China set the midpoint at 6.8090. The euro was flat at $1.12405. In commodities, oil prices advanced on a report that showed U.S. crude stockpiles had fallen more than expected. That came on the heels of Wednesday's steep declines driven by after an increase in Libyan output that helped boost monthly OPEC production for the first time this year. Global benchmark Brent advanced 1.7 percent to $51.16 a barrel after slumping 3 percent on Wednesday. U.S. crude rose 0.9 percent to $48.75, after plunging 2.7 percent in the previous session. Gold rose 0.1 percent to $1,266.18 an ounce. (Reporting by Nichola Saminather; Additional reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Kim Coghill) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News Sensex shrugs off weak GDP data, wait for RBI decision MUMBAI India's shares were flat, while bonds gained slightly despite data showing weaker-than-expected economic growth, with investors still betting the economy will improve. Oil futures rise on U.S. stockpile draw, doubts over climate accord TOKYO Oil futures rose on Thursday from a three-week low touched the previous session, buoyed by expectations the United States could pull out of a global climate accord and by a report that showed U.S. crude stockpiles had fallen more than expected. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Indian factory growth slows to three-month low in May Market Jockey Live updates from markets and economy Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Train stabbing survivor: Portland has 'white savior complex' Guilderland grants one-time, $1M tax break for Crossgates hotel News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Suicide bomber kills 90 in Kabul Was May's weather as dreary as you think? Demolition makes way for better Schenectady park Warrant Wednesday: Troopers looking for Rensselaer woman Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Another tough time for Tanaka Pittsburgh spurts to victory Shaker boys' lacrosse shuts down Shenendehowa for title Mets' deGrom battered in defeat Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Salt Den is Albany area's first Himalayan therapy 'cave' Crossgates Mall in 1984: Where are they now? Retailer can't escape Amazon Banks force an end to 7-day streak Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Series hosting film industry veterans starts Thursday in Troy Picks Of The Week Movie Guide: Capsule reviews of current films Movie Talk Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Bite-Sized: Morsels of food news TIPS: How to make the most of grilling season Sipping: Wine pick of the week How food trends are born Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives A.M. Roundup: The slightly less expansive Frontier Town Review: ‘Freckleface Strawberry’ at Sage, 5/31/17 Tirico to call NBC’s entire Thursday night NFL package Albany’s 1st Friday lineup announced TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Fill from project was dumped at Halfmoon justice's farm Grants available to help local nonprofits Churchill: Difficult vote looms on Troy's 'nightmare' at Leonard 'Freckleface Strawberry' excellent all-ages theater at Sage Jobs Top Workplaces Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Albany Med service targets executive patients Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog June's Parade of Homes set to be largest yet House of the Week: Colonial in Niskayuna High & Low House of the Week: Georgian Revival in Menands Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings What to buy in June? Key items to “buy” or “wait to buy” during Money tips for new college grads Secrets to help you save at Amazon MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Banks-energy-firms-sink-stocks-11187182.php Banks, energy firms sink stocks Marley Jay, Associated Press Published 11:50 pm, Wednesday, May 31, 2017 New York U.S. stock indexes edged lower for the second day in a row Wednesday as a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for technology companies canceled out gains for drugmakers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell hard as executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. An eight-day winning streak for technology companies ended. Energy companies fell with oil prices. "The stock market has been strong and all the while bond yields have dropped during the year," signaling caution about the economy, said Brent Schutte, chief investment strategist for Northwestern Mutual Management. "In the next couple of months we're going to solve which is right: the bond market or the stock market." The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 1.11 points, or less than 0.1 percent, to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 20.82 points, or 0.1 percent, to 21,008.65. The Nasdaq composite fell 4.67 points, or 0.1 percent, to 6,198.52. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks slipped 0.99 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,370.21. JPMorgan Chase fell $1.75, or 2.1 percent, to $82.15 and Bank of America lost 43 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $22.41. Capital One fell $1.36, or 1.7 percent, to $76.92 and Goldman Sachs, gave up $7.16, or 3.3 percent, to $211.26. Most Popular 1 Guilderland teen girl, 17, dies from crash injuries 2 Video captures theft by Albany bar patrons 3 17-year-old boy killed in Schaghticoke head-on crash 4 Authorities: 19 charged in New York mob takedown 5 Damaging winds, hail could hit Albany Wednesday 6 4 women offered illegal massages, Colonie police say 7 Video shows fight reported inside Rivers Casino View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
News Sports Business Real Estate 81° Full Menu 81° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, May 31, 2017, as energy companies tumble with the price of oil. Banks also slipped following a drop in bond yields and interest rates the day before. Technology companies continued to surge. Chipmaker Analog Devices is up after its quarterly results were better than Wall Street had expected. Mark Lennihan, File AP Photo FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, May 31, 2017, as energy companies tumble with the price of oil. Banks also slipped following a drop in bond yields and interest rates the day before. Technology companies continued to surge. Chipmaker Analog Devices is up after its quarterly results were better than Wall Street had expected. Mark Lennihan, File AP Photo Business May 31, 2017 11:45 PM Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss By JOE McDONALD AP Business Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story BEIJING Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,102.21 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1 percent to 19,854.27. Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.4 percent to 25,752.44 and Seoul's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 2,344.29. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.2 percent to 5,733.90 and benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Southeast Asia also advanced. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. "Yesterday's official PMI reading had hinted at growth having remained broadly stable last month," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. "But today's downbeat unofficial PMI suggests conditions may not have held up as well as previously thought." TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce a decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 38 cents to $48.70 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 40 cents to $51.16 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.92 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1244 from $1.1247. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 8 hours ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 1:44 8 hours ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 0:59 12 days ago Florida anaylst for PNC Bank discusses jobs report 0:37 14 days ago World of Avatar View More Video Business The Latest: Trump global warming announcement out Thursday Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Trust lacking in Illinois failure to OK budget by deadline Senior China official gets life in prison for $22M in bribes New Jersey Powerball winners use jackpot to help others Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Gold, silver down in early trade Market Now: Max Ventures, Future Lifestyle among stocks that surged over 5% Market Now: Aurobindo Pharma, SBI, Idea Cellular soar in volume RCom shares surge over 5% as lenders mull SDR Market Now: Sun Pharma, ICICI, HDFC Bank most active in value terms 10 stocks brokerages are bullish on after March quarter earnings Orient Cement climbs 3% as firm acquires two Jaypee group entities Infosys shares slip on turning ex-dividend Buy Tata Global Beverages, target Rs 170: JM Financial Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminiumAluminium MiniNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 10:39 AM | 01 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,18943.56 NIFTY 50 9,6265.00 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,760-83.00 USD/INR 64.44-0.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments Asia stocks follow W-St's negative lead, sterling slips Reuters| Updated: Jun 01, 2017, 08.31 AM IST READ MORE ON » WashingtonTheresa MaystocksOpecNikkeiMidwestkospi MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipped 0.2 per cent. RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve Midwest x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ SINGAPORE: Asian stocks were mostly lower on Thursday following a subdued lead from Wall Street, while the dollar pulled up from near two-week lows and sterling languished under the weight of political fears one week before Britain's election. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipped 0.2 per cent and looked set for its fifth straight session of losses as investors took profits after stocks hit a two-year high last week and as economic and geopolitical concerns continued to weigh on sentiment. Japan's Nikkei advanced 0.8 per cent after data showing recurring first-quarter corporate profits were the highest on record for the January to March period. An increase in capital expenditure in the first quarter also adds to a raft of recent data pointing to economic expansion. Manufacturing growth in Japan also rose to a three-month high, according to a business survey. Australian stocks retreated 0.2 per cent. South Korea's KOSPI fell 0.3 per cent and the Korean won weakened 0.2 per cent to trade at 1,121 won to the dollar after data showed factory activity in May shrank for the 10th straight month. Overnight, Wall Street closed slightly lower as financials lost ground after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter, but gains in defensive plays offset the decline. All three major U.S. indexes ended May in positive territory. The dollar gained after touching a near two-week low against the yen overnight. It was up 0.2 per cent from its previous close at 110.95 early on Thursday, its first positive session in five, but concerns about U.S. politics capped gains. President Donald Trump's administration has been the focus of independent investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and several congressional panels over alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion by the Trump campaign. The House intelligence committee on Wednesday approved subpoenas for Trump's former national security advisor and personal lawyer in connected with the Russian meddling probe. The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major peers, inched up 0.1 per cent to 97.039 after posting a 0.4 per cent loss on Wednesday. "The dollar remains pressured by the mounting dysfunction in Washington that has all but eliminated hopes for a bold fiscal stimulus package from the Trump administration," said Omer Esiner, chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange in Washington. Clouding the picture further was a mixed bag of economic data on Wednesday. Pending home sales fell for a second straight month in April, hindered by a lack of supply, while an index of U.S. Midwest manufacturing activity rose in May. Sterling retreated 0.15 per cent to $1.2872 on Thursday after a YouGov poll showed Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in Britain's June 8 election, raising the prospect of political turmoil just as formal Brexit talks begin. Other polls, however, show May winning a big majority. In commodities, oil prices attempted to claw back some of the losses posted on Wednesday after an increase in Libyan output helped boost monthly OPEC production for the first time this year. Global benchmark Brent advanced 1.8 per cent to $51.21 a barrel after slumping 3 per cent on Wednesday. U.S. crude rose 1 per cent to $48.82, after plunging 2.7 per cent in the previous session. Gold was steady at $1,267.91 an ounce. READ MORE ON » WashingtonTheresa MaystocksOpecNikkeiMidwestkospi Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebNarendra Modi in Russia|Top 10 mutual funds RERA|Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. 1Asia stocks follow W-St's negative lead, sterling slips Market Now: Aurobindo Pharma, SBI, Idea Cellular soar in volume RCom shares surge over 5% as lenders mull SDR Market Now: Sun Pharma, ICICI, HDFC Bank most active in value terms 10 stocks brokerages are bullish on after March quarter earnings Orient Cement climbs 3% as firm acquires two Jaypee group entities Infosys shares slip on turning ex-dividend Pfizer surges 7% on acquisition of Neksium brand from AstraZeneca Sensex, Nifty negative on weak GDP numbers; Infosys, ICICI Bank, ONGC top losers FPI inflow to India crosses FDIs’ in March Why MF investments in your child’s name is a better idea BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Global Economy > Environment > Musk Leads CEOs' Full-Court Paris Press as Trump Weighs Exit Musk Leads CEOs' Full-Court Paris Press as Trump Weighs Exit May 31, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 The appeals from Tesla's CEO, as well as Tim Cook of Apple and Dow Chemical Co.’s Andrew Liveris come as Trump’s advisers present him with closing arguments on the risks and rewards of remaining a party to the global pact.  Getty Images Advertisement As Donald Trump nears a final decision on the Paris climate agreement, top corporate executives are mounting a last-minute push aimed at persuading the president that the U.S. has more to lose from abandoning the accord. The appeals from chief executives such as Tesla Inc.’s Elon Musk, Tim Cook of Apple Inc. and Dow Chemical Co.’s Andrew Liveris come as Trump’s advisers also present him with closing arguments on the potential risks and rewards of remaining a party to the global pact. Trump also got an earful from foreign leaders and Pope Francis urging him to stay in the agreement during his first international trip as president. Cook placed a call to the White House on Tuesday to urge the president to keep the U.S. in the agreement, according to a person familiar with the move. Liveris was the driving force behind a letter from 30 major company executives backing the deal. And Musk tweeted Wednesday that he has “done all I can to advise directly to" Trump. If the U.S. leaves Paris, Musk said he would drop participation in White House advisory councils. Corporate leaders "are continuing to try to get through to the White House in any and every way they can," said Mindy Lubber, president of Ceres, the non-profit sustainability advocacy that works with investors. They "are particularly important stakeholders for this president," she said. Popular Now Top 10 Manufacturing Countries in 2020 Five Ways to Optimize Supply Chain Management How to Set Up a Lean Factory That Works, Part 1 The executives are trying to capitalize on Trump’s "America first" ideology by warning that a withdrawal would put the U.S. at a disadvantage in a global race to develop and deploy clean-energy technology, potentially ceding that market opportunity to China, the world’s top emitter of greenhouse gas emissions. A television advertisement that began running Wednesday cites 10 of "America’s biggest CEOs," including JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Jamie Dimon and General Electric Co.’s Jeffrey Immelt, as backing the climate pact "because it will benefit American manufacturing and generate jobs." Trump tweeted Wednesday that he would announce his decision on the Paris accord "over the next few days." He later told reporters he was hearing from many people on both sides of the issue. While Trump is leaning toward exiting the pact, according to people familiar with the White House deliberations, the situation remained fluid amid intense last-minute lobbying. The people requested anonymity because Trump’s decision has not yet been officially announced. It was unclear Wednesday whether the corporate appeals would have much influence. Asked about Musk’s threat to forfeit his role on several of Trump’s advisory councils, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer noted "the president has a lot of people who he gets a lot of input from." "Let’s wait and see what the president’s decision is," Spicer said. Twenty-five companies, including Intel Corp., Microsoft Corp. and PG&E Corp., have signed on to a letter set to run as a full-page advertisement in the New York Times and Wall Street Journal on Thursday arguing in favor of the climate pact, and warning of potential “retaliatory measures” by other nations. "By expanding markets for innovative clean technologies, the agreement generates jobs and economic growth," the open letter says. "U.S. companies are well positioned to lead in these markets. Withdrawing from the agreement will limit our access to them and could expose us to retaliatory measures." Marc Benioff, CEO of Salesforce.com Inc., tweeted the letter, which was also signed by Apple, Google and Facebook Inc. “Dear President Trump, as some of the largest companies in the US, we strongly urge you to keep the US in the Paris Agreement,” he wrote. Some companies that favor continued U.S. involvement in the deal stand to benefit directly from greater worldwide demand for lower-emitting energy sources, such as natural gas and renewable power. For instance, natural gas producers Exxon Mobil Corp., Royal Dutch Shell Plc and BP Plc have endorsed the pact, as has Cheniere Energy Inc., which exports liquefied natural gas. Not all corporations are in line on the Paris agreement. Some coal producers, including Murray Energy Corp., oppose the pact. Robert E. Murray, the founder and chief executive officer of the mining company, told Bloomberg Television on Tuesday that Trump has a responsibility to fulfill his campaign pledges and jettison the agreement. The president should "listen to those who voted for him," Murray said. Environmentalists are hoping the corporate advocacy will have more influence with the president, as they haven’t been able to get traction. “It’s up to world leaders and responsible companies like Apple and Tesla to use whatever influence they have with Trump while they can," said Travis Nichols, a spokesman for Greenpeace USA. "Withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement would turn America from a global climate leader into a global climate deadbeat. These companies are on the right side of history."     Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Trump to Weigh Job Policies in CEO Brainstorming at White House Manufacturing Jobs Gain in Trump's First Full Month to 3-Year High CEOs Press US Lawmakers to Avert Fiscal Cliff with 'Market-Credible Deal' Tesla’s Future in Trump’s World 4 Caterpillar CEO, Other Leaders Warn Trump Tariffs Could Backfire 8 THE LATEST Musk Leads CEOs' Full-Court Paris Press as Trump Weighs Exit Whirlpool Heats Up Trade Fight With Samsung, LG Over Washers Exxon CEO Sees Crude Oil Surviving Paris-Driven Carbon Limits A New Warning as Fewer Subprime Auto Borrowers Pay Off Early Nissans Crowding Rental-Car Lots Carry Risk as U.S. Sales Slow Toyota Kentucky Tackles a Tool-and-Die Worker Shortage More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week May 30, 2017 News Skilled Worker Shortage Toyota Kentucky Tackles a Tool-and-Die Worker Shortage 4 Wally Palen saw a spate of retirements coming, and knew he had to plan ahead or end up in hot water....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Electric Cars Soon Will Cost Less Than Gasoline Autos, Research Shows Toyota Kentucky Tackles a Tool-and-Die Worker Shortage How to Set Up a Lean Factory That Works, Part 1 Who’s Taking Responsibility for Your Supply Chain? IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Solving Your Top 5 Manufacturing Issues -- with Data Navigating the World of Regulation and Compliance How To Power Smarter Growth Through Spatial Insights Analytics-Based Sales: The New Era of B2B Growth View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers 5 Ways Cloud-Based ERP Makes Reshoring Easier and More Profitable Top 10 OSHA Violations and How to Avoid Them Manufacturers Weigh In On Key Issues Report: 2017 Manufacturing Communications Survey Overcoming The Growing Complexity of Support More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Market commentary from Anthony Mirhaydari for InvestorPlace Stocks drift lower as bank stocks plummet Stocks trend lower as Nasdaq comes off highs Nasdaq, S&P 500 close at all-time highs as tech surges S&P 500 closes at record high amid Fed minutes Stocks close up for fourth-straight day Stocks climb during Trump's first international vsit Wall Street finishes strong as Trump fears recede Dow scrapes its way back from the year's biggest selloff Stocks suffer worst selloff in months on Trump chaos Nasdaq closes higher for three-day win streak Stocks close higher on big tech, oil boom Stocks Drift Lower as Bank Stocks Plummet 1 / 11 InvestorPlace Anthony Mirhaydari 9 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Stocks close higher on big tech, oil boom Stocks trend lower as Nasdaq comes off highs Click to expand Replay Video Uber, McDonald's team up on delivery service McDonald's is teaming with UberEats for delivery. Varney & Co. with more. Fox Business Activists investigating Ivanka Trump's shoe factory in China go missing The DNC is calling for Ivanka Trump to cut ties with a Chinese shoe manufacturer at the center of an investigation. Elizabeth Keatinge (@elizkeatinge) has more. Veuer Revamped Nokia 3310 back in Finland A revitalised version of Nokia's 3310, the world's most popular phone in 2000, goes on sale again in Finland. Ciara Lee reports on the iconic handset's comeback amid a smartphone swamped market. Reuters SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Wall Street ends lower; banks weigh Reuters See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Uber, McDonald's team up on delivery service Fox Business0:58 Activists investigating Ivanka Trump's shoe factory in China go missing Veuer1:02 Revamped Nokia 3310 back in Finland Reuters1:36 Are beer sales going flat? CNBC3:13 A former Google data scientist explains how liking curly fries could help you get hired Business Insider1:56 What you need to know about the Paris Agreement on climate change The Washington Post1:29 Should you buy bitcoin? The Wall Street Journal.0:33 China's quest to rebuild The Silk Road BBC News0:59 Skip the eye doctor with Warby Parker prescription check app Wochit Tech0:30 Here are the 10 best cities to start your career CNBC0:51 Amazon stock hits $1,000 per share Wochit Business0:43 How defense stocks have fared under Trump CNBC1:08 Airlines expect 234 million passengers this summer Veuer1:03 Russia's fight against cybercrime CNN Money2:41 Three Mile Island to shut its doors 40 years after a partial meltdown Veuer0:36 5 ways retailers trick you into spending more money Business Insider1:25 UP NEXT Video by Reuters Quotes in the article UBS IQ Morningstar Australia Quality ETF ETF ▲ 20.58 +0.08 +0.39% Bank of America Corporation BAC ▼ 22.41 -0.43 -1.86% AdChoices U.S. equities moved lower in relatively quiet trading on Wednesday as bank and energy stocks weakened. Bank stocks were hit by worries over trading revenues and the net interest margin pressure for a flattening yield curve. Energy names were pushed lower as crude oil weakened on reports of weakening compliance by OPEC nations in their recently extended output freeze agreement. Big names in both sectors are now at risk of significant downside support breaks, setting up further losses in the days to come. In the end, the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.1%, the S&P 500 lost 0.1%, the Nasdaq Composite gave back 0.1% and the Russell 2000 ended the day 0.1% lower. Treasury bonds climbed higher, the dollar was broadly weaker, gold gained 0.8% and oil fell 2.7%. Breadth was mixed to slightly negative, with 1.1 decliners to every advancer on the Nasdaq. NYSE volume was extremely heavy — suggestive of distribution, a negative sign — with 1,433 million shares traded representing 168% of the 30-day average in the most active day of trading since March 17.© Provided by InvestorPlace Defensive utility stocks led the way with a 0.5% gain while financials and energy were the laggards down 0.8% and 0.4%, respectively. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) fell 2.1% after its CFO said second-quarter market revenue was down about 15% from last year. Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC) fell 1.9% after its CEO said Q2 trading revenue will be down on an annual basis. Read more from Anthony Mirhaydari and other top money experts BAC, as shown above, is now testing critical “neckline” support of a massive six-month head-and-shoulders reversal pattern. The pattern is about as perfect as you’ll find in the wild. And it traces a downside target of $18.50, which would take the stock below its 200-day moving average to return it to levels not seen since early November — nearly completely reversing the post-election rally. Edge Pro subscribers are enjoying a 121% gain in their June $23 BAC puts recommended earlier this week. Load Error 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns Aside from the warnings on trading revenue, the financial sector is at risk as Treasury bonds move higher (and thus, long-term yields move lower) as the post-election “Trump-flation” trade fades. This amid the worst disappointment in the economic data relative to expectations since 2015, underwhelming inflation data, and a sense the healthcare reform, tax cuts, and infrastructure spending plans Wall Street had eagerly priced in following President Trump’s surprise victory are going to be long in coming.© Provided by InvestorPlace As a result, the iShares 20+ Yr Treas.Bond (NYSEARCA:TLT) has pushed above its 200-day moving average for the first time since last October. That’s boosted the ProShares Ultra 20+Year Tsury ETF (NYSEARCA:UBT) recommended to Edge subscribers to a 4.5% gain. Conclusion The area of the market to watch right now is energy. Oil is under fresh pressure with West Texas Intermediate testing below the $47-a-barrel level. JBC Energy reported falling OPEC production cap compliance (down to 92% from 96% in April) as it’s clear the oil sheiks — despite agreeing to a nine-month extension of their output freeze deal — are increasingly desperate as U.S. shale producers lower their cost structures and boost rig counts. Commerzbank analyst Carsten Fritsch wrote in a note to clients that there “continues to be considerable skepticism about the effectiveness of the production cuts” amid an ongoing global oversupply situation and swollen inventories.© Provided by InvestorPlace This is terrible news for energy stocks which have been in a persistent six-month downtrend. The Energy Select Sector SPDR (ETF) (NYSEARCA:XLE) is already down nearly 16% from its December high. Today’s losses push the sector down to levels not seen since last July. Shares of oil majors like Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) look extremely vulnerable here, readying a break out of multi-month consolidation ranges. Where this starts to matter to all investors is the bleed. Both bank and energy stocks are on the slide, and as a result, the broad market’s quiet strength – bolstered by overheated sentiment and parabolic rallies in big-tech stocks like Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) — is unlikely to continue. Especially as we enter what is seasonally the most difficult part of the year for the market. Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is on the Verge of a Meltdown “Sell in May” and all that. Today’s Trading Landscape To see a list of the companies reporting earnings today, click here. For a list of this week’s economic reports due out, click here.  Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge (ETFs) and Edge Pro (Options) investment advisory newsletters. A two-week and four-week free trial offer has been extended to MSN Moneyreaders. Redeem by clicking the links above. Previous Next Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from InvestorPlace 3 Reasons to Worry About Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock InvestorPlace McDonald’s Delivery is Expanding to Even More Stores InvestorPlace AT&T Inc. (T) Stock’s 5.1% Dividend Yield Isn’t Worth It InvestorPlace InvestorPlace View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Sterling slips on election fears, downbeat China PMI weighs on stocks By Reuters Published: 23:29 EDT, 31 May 2017 | Updated: 23:29 EDT, 31 May 2017 e-mail By Nichola Saminather SINGAPORE, June 1 (Reuters) - Sterling retreated on Thursday on fears that Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in Britain's June 8 election, while conflicting signals on the health of China's manufacturing sector kept most Asian stock markets in check. Sterling retreated 0.1 percent to $1.2877 after a YouGov poll showed May could be well short of the number of seats needed to form a government, raising the prospect of political turmoil just as formal Brexit talks begin. Other polls, however, show May winning a big majority. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was flat after four sessions of losses as investors took profits after stocks hit a two-year high last week and as economic and geopolitical concerns continued to weigh on sentiment. Chinese shares fell as much as 0.4 percent after a private survey showed the country's manufacturing activity contracted in May for the first time in 11 months, contrasting with official data on Wednesday which suggested growth remained steady. But Japan's Nikkei advanced 1 percent after data showed recurring first-quarter corporate profits were the highest on record for the January to March period. An increase in capital expenditure in the first quarter added to a raft of recent data pointing to economic expansion, while manufacturing growth in Japan also rose to a three-month high, according to a business survey. South Korea's KOSPI fell 0.2 percent but the Korean won remained steady at 1,119.3 won to the dollar as rising exports in May offset other data showing factory activity shrank for the 10th straight month. "Asian equity markets have outperformed other emerging markets over the past month," Krystal Tan, Asia economist at Capital Economics, wrote in a note, while adding that further gains this year are expected to be limited. Overnight, Wall Street closed slightly lower as financials lost ground after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter, but gains in defensive plays offset the decline. All three major U.S. indexes ended May in positive territory. The dollar gained after touching a near two-week low against the yen overnight. It was up 0.2 percent to 110.88 yen on Thursday, its first positive session in five, but concerns about U.S. politics capped gains. President Donald Trump's administration has been the focus of independent investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and several congressional panels over alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion by the Trump campaign. The House intelligence committee on Wednesday approved subpoenas for Trump's former national security advisor and personal lawyer in connected with the Russian meddling probe. The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major peers, inched up less than 0.1 percent to 96.993 after posting a 0.4 percent loss on Wednesday. "The dollar remains pressured by the mounting dysfunction in Washington that has all but eliminated hopes for a bold fiscal stimulus package from the Trump administration," said Omer Esiner, chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange in Washington. Clouding the picture further was a mixed bag of economic data on Wednesday. Pending home sales fell for a second straight month in April, hindered by a lack of supply, while an index of U.S. Midwest manufacturing activity rose in May. The Chinese yuan continued its recent run of gains, strengthening for a fourth straight session after news that authorities are tweaking their formula for the daily reference rate in a bid to quash persistent depreciation pressure. It was last trading at 6.7908 per dollar, its strongest level since November, after the People's Bank of China set the midpoint at 6.8090. The euro was flat at $1.1244. In commodities, oil prices advanced on a report that showed U.S. crude stockpiles had fallen more than expected. That came on the heels of Wednesday's steep declines driven by after an increase in Libyan output that helped boost monthly OPEC production for the first time this year. Global benchmark Brent advanced 1.7 percent to $51.15 a barrel after slumping 3 percent on Wednesday. U.S. crude rose 0.8 percent to $48.70, after plunging 2.7 percent in the previous session. Gold rose 0.1 percent to $1,262.20 an ounce. (Reporting by Nichola Saminather; Additional reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Kim Coghill) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS What a handful! Cheeky Travis Scott gets a firm grip on Kylie Jenner's derriere during PDA-heavy outing in Los Angeles She can be a handful Geri Horner sizzles in red figure-hugging cocktail dress as she puts on an affectionate display with husband Christian at End The Silence charity bash All of me! Topless Chrissy Teigen guards her modesty as she shows off her fresh spray tan on Snapchat Shared a naked picture on social media Braless Amanda Holden nearly bares all in dress with high split for BGT semi-finals... after vowing to spark 'Ofcom complaints' with her racy ensembles  'I used to have full-scale meltdowns in bathing suit shops': Ariel Winter reveals breast augmentation gave her confidence to sizzle in swimwear 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  So nice she wore them twice! Pippa Middleton dons the same $200 espadrilles she wore to lunch on Wednesday - as she exits Sydney with a smile  Hello boys! Love Island beauties Jess Shears, Camilla Thurlow and Chloe Crowhurst flaunt their figures in skimpy bikinis for sizzling shoot ahead of show's return 'That's insane!' Kendall Jenner bangs on table as family reacts to Caitlyn's memoir... and Kim Kardashian admits to reading the whole thing Emily Ratajkowski poses NUDE as her friend shares cheeky throwback snap of the actress flaunting her peachy derriere Stripped off  'Are you sure that's a bruise?': Jesy Nelson is accused of photoshopping her pics as fans question mysterious black mark on her stomach  'He taught me how to be a dad': Peter Andre praises former stepson Harvey Price... after ex-wife Katie claimed he 'no longer sees' the teenager Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her taut midriff as she takes daughter Penelope to paint class... while ex Scott Disick is spotted with EIGHTH woman No more beef! Bella Thorne grabs a greasy biteto eat...after shrugging off humiliating trip with sex addict Scott Disick She's moving on Simon Cowell rolls his eyes as Ned Woodman, 9, makes the BGT final... after child comic dubbed judges 'desperate losers' and called Amanda Holden a DOG 'You sexist pig!' Simon Cowell is deemed 'anti-feminist' by BGT viewers as he tells female magician Josephine he likes her LEGS but not her act Sushi date! Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid enjoy a relaxed dinner together at their favorite restaurant Nobu in NYC Best friends reunited in the city Too much Cigarettes and Alcohol? Comeback kid Liam Gallagher sidesteps VERY excited female fan... as he rules out Oasis reunion at Manchester benefit gig New direction? Kesha steps out for lunch as it's revealed Eagles Of Death Metal cut two tracks with her for her third album Casual 'She didn't want any spoilers': Justin Theroux says wife Jennifer Aniston won't 'run lines with me' for The Leftovers because she's a fan 'She will beat this': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi says star, 68, will use cannabis oil following second breast cancer diagnosis 'Some of my fave people!' Kim Kardashian shares heartwarming photo of baby Saint and grandma Mary Jo on Instagram Happy families David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their bid to overturn a £700million tax bill after investing in controversial film schemes Ellie Goulding dazzles in a striking sequinned black gown before changing into glittering gold frock at London charity bash Glittering Smitten Richard Gere, 67, can't keep his hands off girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 34, at premiere of his new film Norman in Madrid... after tactile display with blonde Amanda Holden has been wearing 'nipple covers' for Britain's Got Talent live shows as her assets continue to steal the limelight Focal point  Bell bottom beauty! Amanda Peet goes casual in white sweater and VERY wide black flares at Brockmire event in LA Stepped out to lobby  Smooth sailing! Lindsey Vonn sizzles in red bikini as she enjoys yacht time with boyfriend Kenan Smith during yacht time in Monaco Shocking video of Tiger Woods during his DUI arrest shows the beleaguered barefoot golfer swaying, rolling his eyes and slurring his words in sobriety tests  Revenge is a dish best served in lingerie! Ashley Graham flaunts her incredible figure for racy selfie... after revealing she was bullied at school Upstaged by his own beard! Scruffy Jim Carrey is wild and bushy at LA premiere of his Showtime comedy I'm Dying Up Here Scruffy appearance 'I was resigned to dying': Fern Britton was left 'fighting for her life' after contracting sepsis following routine hysterectomy Health scare 'What's wrong with your leg?' Ant McPartlin sparks concern after fans spot presenter sporting brace... after he appeared to have difficulty walking on BGT X-rated fun! Kendall Jenner films Cara Delevingne jumping around on inflatable breasts at the Museum of Sex in New York City Freeing the nipple 'I thought he was joking!' Katie Derham reveals her husband John proposed on the first night they met... but she mistook him for a BOUNCER Jim Carrey set to face trial over the fatal overdose of his ex-girlfriend after wrongful death lawsuit alleged he supplied the drugs that killed her 'They're just milking that cow for money!' Kirsten Dunst slams new Spider Man reboot... as she reveals 'it's time to have babies and chill' in candid interview Oopsy Daisy! Former Strictly contestant Lowe appears to have two left feet as she takes an embarrassing tumble after attending pal Alexa Chung's fashion party Taylor Swift scores early legal victory over DJ she claims grabbed her rear... but must face jury trial over allegation she had him fired Sweet charity! Jerry and Jessica Seinfeld take the kids to a philanthropic party in New York's Central Park Jerry stepped out for a good cause Not Di-sick of partying yet? Scott cosies up to woman number EIGHT as he boards a private jet after raucous week in Cannes with a bevy of beauties Fighting to survive: Idris Elba and Kate Winslet are lost in the wilderness in new trailer for The Mountain Between Us Oscar-winner Winslet Phwoar-saw! Joanna Krupa flashes serious underboob as she attends fashion show in native Poland Special appearance Johnny Depp was kept in the dark about his finances and his sister used his money, claims whistleblower who worked for his former business managers Michelle Williams to star alongside Amy Schumer in upcoming comedy I Feel Pretty Michelle is best known for her serious acting work Keeping under wraps! Erin McNaught covers up after stripping off and stunning fans with her incredibly toned pregnancy figure at 24 weeks Rapper and former Justin Bieber sidekick Lil Twist is ordered to pay $1.5million to former child star Chris Massey following assault Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst DENIES dumping Jon Clark to appear on the dating show... after TOWIE star branded her an 'evil b***h' Hedging your bets? The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell has yet to return her fiance Ben Higgins' ring after calling off engagement  The ring should go back Lunch to go! Lisa Rinna steps out makeup-free in grey sweater as she picks up food from Hollywood eatery Trendy slippers Tough session! Shirtless Justin Bieber steps out of boxing gym... and into the dentist after chipping a tooth Not what he expected Chloe Grace Moretz cuddles up to her pet pooch Pearl... as she stands up against 'fat-shaming' trailer for her new animated film Keeping good company EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Potty-mouth chef Gordon Ramsay claims the Queen uses the same fruity language that he favours The Moore the merrier! Mandy shows off assets in clinging white top as she mingles with fans at TV show taping Former princess of pop turned actress The Clooneys' countdown to TWINMAGEDDON: How George and Amal are preparing for double trouble (as they babies' arrival gets ever closer) New parents Storm and Ronan Keating enjoy a night off nappy duties as they pucker up on the red carpet at End The Silence charity bash Joint appearance 'I am just as appalled and angry as everyone else': Chloe Moretz apologizes for body shaming ad for her new animated film Upcoming animated film 'Someone bring us cake!' Pregnant Ferne McCann opens up about food cravings... after asking mind reader to predict baby's sex on Britain's Got Talent 'Together again!'  Bionic Woman Lindsay Wagner and Six Million Dollar Man Lee Majors reunite on set of family-friendly movie Reunited Back to his Becks! David Beckham smoulders in new watch campaign as he makes return to modelling following maligned King Arthur film cameo 'We love living together': Ariel Winter, 19, hits back at critics who say her boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, is too old for her Love has no age Bumping along! Orange Is The New Black actor Jason Biggs and pregnant wife Jenny Mollen enjoy sunny stroll in Manhattan Shopping spree Iron hug! Arnold Schwarzenegger gives his handsome son Patrick an affectionate squeeze in Beverly Hills Still honoring the veterans days  'I'm ruthless': Gwyneth Paltrow says she's 'milked the f*** out of every opportunity' as she talks divorce, aging and movie burn out Determined Make-up free Lily Collins flashes a glimpse of her gym-honed physique in tight leggings with sheer panels as she hits the gym  That was close! Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman suffer awkward 'near miss' when they're both booked to appear James Corden's late night talk show Winter wonderland? Mila Kunis shoots snow filled scene for A Bad Mom's Christmas... during sweltering Atlanta weather On set Vogue Williams flashes her tanned curves in bright neon bikini on the beach in Marbella... as she admits she's pining for beau Spencer Matthews Jenna Dewan celebrates hit ratings for World of Dance premiere over breakfast with hunky husband Channing Tatum Date  Leggy Lucy Watson is towered over by Ianthe Rose at Wonder Woman screening in London... after premiere was cancelled following Manchester attack Red hot! Gigi Hadid keeps it casual cool in crimson top and matching shades while out in New York Laid-back supermodel style Rude Boy! Rihanna steps out at celebrity hot spot Nobu after being fat-shamed by sports writer  Star kept a low profile following incident 'I hope it's not weird': Love Island newbie Camilla Thurlow reveals she's 'excited' to meet host Caroline Flack as they've BOTH been linked to Prince Harry FIRST LOOK: Jessica Biel is covered in blood after 'an inexplicable fit of rage' while at the beach with her family in stills from upcoming series The Sinner Red hot mama! Brazilian bombshell Alessandra Ambrosio looks like a 10 in her flattering red swimsuit as she struts her stuff in Malibu Supercalifragilistic showman! James Corden dons drag as he recreates classic scenes from Mary Poppins on the streets of London  FIRST LOOK: Big Brother 2017's VERY chintzy house is unveiled as fans count down to 'extremely revealing' new series  Sneak peek Andrew Garfield dons a curly wig and performs a BACKFLIP as he lip syncs to Whitney Houston in hilarious clip  Centre stage Gabourey gone wild! Sidibe has the time of her life while zooming around on jet ski on luxury yacht vacation in Barbados Living it up Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez flaunts her leggy figure in perilously short hot pants and heels as they enjoy a shopping trip in Madrid 'Dungeon and torture chamber': Bethenny Frankel bursts into tears twice on RHONY under stress from ex Reality star lost it on two occasions 'Life on the ocean waves': Corrie's Samia Longchambon flaunts her slim figure in a swimsuit as she holidays with skating pro husband Sylvain 'I want her to be named after me': Pregnant Serena Williams shows off her baby bump as sister Venus confirms she is expecting a girl at the French Open Bumping along in a bikini! The Hills veteran Lauren Conrad shows off heavily pregnant tummy while promoting swimwear line Baby joy Coronation Street's Ben Price says emotional goodbye to on-screen arch nemesis Peter Barlow after filming his final scenes as Nick Tilsley Newlyweds Pippa and James continue second leg of their honeymoon with a romantic date night - hours after they scaled the Sydney Harbour Bridge  Stella Maxwell and girlfriend Kristen Stewart dangerously hang out of a car window as they go to extreme lengths to get the perfect photo  'She was so shaken up': Former Fifth Harmony singer Camila Cabello 'had no words' when she spoke to Ariana Grande following Manchester attack Donna Air looks the picture of elegance as she stuns in a ruffled silk halterneck gown at star-studded Golden Gala in London Leading the glamour Chris Martin enjoys boys' time with son Moses, 11, in Disneyland ahead of Coldplay's set at Manchester attack benefit concert Tangerine dream! Zilda Williams strips down to a tiny string bikini after revealing her DDs have BALLOONED in size to an E-cup and are now 'too big' Jennifer Garner disowns People magazine cover she didn't agree to as she denies reports she's scared to date after Ben Affleck divorce filing Their secret weapon! New Game Of Thrones shots with Stark family might have accidentally revealed massive season seven spoiler Spoiler EXCLUSIVE: If looks could kill! Tori Spelling shows up nearly an hour late to stepson's high school graduation and gets the stink eye by Dean McDermott's ex She wore an itsy bitsy teeny tiny bikini! Shanina Shaik sizzles as she shows off her cleavage in sexy swimwear for NEXT Pin-up Ewan McGregor's Fargo accent is part Abba, part Deputy Dawg: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV Channel 4's Fargo  Children of Hollywood: Chanel muse Lily-Rose Depp, Sistine Stallone and Willow Smith lead the glamour at 2017 Métiers D'art runway show in Tokyo 'My dad tracks my phone once a day': Sofia Richie reveals Lionel keeps tabs on her as she's seen without 'homie' Scott Disick after romance rumours Sweet Harmony! Former girl group member Camila Cabello puts on a busty display in sexy photo shoot for Guess Centre stage 'All I felt was rage': Comedy Central's Trevor Noah recalls horror of hearing his mother was shot by stepfather The Daily Show host EXCLUSIVE: She's a knockout - and has brains too! Daughter of Rocky star Sylvester Stallone graduates cum laude from $15,000-a-year high school  Cream of the crop! Former TOWIE star Jasmin Walia puts on a leggy display in shimmering nude mini dress and perspex heels in Ibiza Megan McKenna dons a strapless bra in sultry behind-the-scenes snap at photoshoot... as it's claimed her ex Jordan Davies is set 'explosive' appearance on CBB 'Where are the women of colour?' Alexa Chung fans blast an Instagram snap of her debut fashion show for lack of diversity Debut fashion show  Blac Chyna steps out in shirt bearing her own portrait... amid claims ex Rob Kardashian is now dating lookalike Meghan James Self promotion 'My cat could have written it in 10 minutes!': Noel Gallagher blasts Harry Styles' solo single as he claims Simon Cowell has 'ruined' the pop industry Grey's Anatomy favourite Ellen Pompeo shows off stylish 'modern barn' Hamptons retreat for Architectural Digest Beautiful home  Sean Connery takes a stroll around NYC with his wife Micheline Roquebrune... as he steps out for first time since ex co-star Molly Peters passed away 'They were shaken': Jonas Brothers patriarch reveals colon cancer battle and details the reaction of his famous sons Health woes  'What a time to reunite!' Fans go wild with speculation feuding Liam and Noel Gallagher will reform Oasis for Manchester benefit concert this weekend Producer Harvey Weinstein rushed by Cannes cops after he walks right past security checkpoints at AmFAR Sidestepped security checkpoints Trying to start a trend? Drew Barrymore again steps out in bizarre orange sunglasses that look borrowed from Star Wars wardrobe department Move over, Dakota! Johnson's little sister Stella Banderas shows off her bikini body during trip to Italy to take in the Gucci fashion show Stealing the show 'So sorry to people behind!' Ashley James sizzles in racy pink swimsuit during Marbella break... but apologises for racy THONG cut Swanky outfit! Hilary wears look from her new Mission Statement brand as she talks up the range for women-on-the-go Leggy look Fearne Cotton nails colour blocking chic in vibrant purple sweater and mismatched red flares as she arrives at BBC Radio studios Bright 'She still says Ben was the love of her life': Jennifer Garner is 'NOT dating yet'... even though Affleck moved out of their mansion a month ago New squeeze? Ex On The Beach's Charlotte Dawson passionately kisses mystery man in Manchester... three months after Matt Sarsfield split  Sports writer slammed for calling Rihanna 'FAT' and claiming her 'tough to stomach' look will set a 'dangerous precedent' - years after joking about her being beaten She's high on endorphins! Reese Witherspoon can't wipe the smile off her face after a tough yoga session Beaming In full bloom! Pregnant Princess Sofia of Sweden displays her baby bump for the first time in a vivid pink dress Glowing Keeping up with Kanye! Kendall Jenner signs on as the face of sportswear giant Adidas Originals Fronting the brand's new campaign Shame-less of her to go around! Tina Malone flaunts slender physique in barely-there bikini as she preens and pouts poolside in Cyprus  Showing weight loss The dapper Duke! Prince Philip looks smart in a straw boater as he throws a reception to celebrate London Youth's 130th anniversary Debbie Douglas reveals she is quitting TOWIE along with daughter Lydia Bright... but insists her decision has 'no link at all' to James Argent's return 'We're old school': Nicole Kidman reveals Keith Urban and her never text... as she shows off her lithe legs for InStyle cover shoot Old fashioned romance Throwing shade! Bikini-clad Bella Hadid parties on Lewis Hamilton's yacht with fashionista Sophie Hermann and Winnie Harlow in Monte Carlo Pretty in sparkly pink! Elle Fanning wears a cardigan embellished with blingy rhinestones for shopping trip in Los Angeles  Fresh from Cannes Keeping him young at heart! Bruce Willis, 62, enjoys picnic with wife Emma, 38, and little daughters in Central Park Doting dad Bachelorette contestant Michael Nance 'died of overdose at sober living home,' claims former reality TV co-star On show in 2012 Ring-Ring a ding dong! Joanna Krupa shows off her lithe limbs as she poses with kitschy telephones and colourful ice-creams in Candyland pin-up shoot Rebel Wilson's sister is so convinced she's related to Walt Disney she almost named her daughter after him - as the actress wheels her family out in court  Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her beautiful bump in a nude lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys relaxing baby-moon in Thailand In Koh Samui That's a quick change! Ellie Goulding displays her hourglass curves in TWO waist-cinching ensembles as she steps out in style for radio appearance 'I didn't believe I would have healthy, positive relationships': Jamie Foxx's daughter Corrine details her struggle with anxiety that started when she was  14 'We changed it to Mysterious Girl': Peter Andre recalls how hit pop song was once called Mysterious Man  90s classic could have been very different 'I see definition and muscles': Confident Vicky Pattison is pleased as punch as she poses in a very skimpy bikini after three day juicing detox 'If anyone wants me...' Former Emmerdale and Hollyoaks actress Sheree Murphy pleads for a job on another soap during live TV interview Heidi Klum catches the eye in breezy kaftan summer dress as she tucks into an ice-cream during picturesque Greek getaway Sunshine break Style in black and white! Karlie Kloss wears a simply chic look as she embraces a post-Memorial Day sanctioned shade  Understated ensemble Jessie Wallace dresses down in her gym gear as she takes her dog for a walk... after ratings for her EastEnders spin-off Redwater 'drop by 2m' Texting an apology? Solo Ruby Rose checks her phone in Beverly Hills days after admitting she REGRETS mocking Katy Perry's 'Taylor Swift diss track' 'I can't believe how responsible I am!': Pink says she loves her family life with husband of 11 years Carey Hart... after they survived TWO splits Glamorous Kelly Rohrbach displays her svelte model figure in striking one-shouldered jumpsuit as she steps out for dinner in Berlin  Striking beauty Enjoying that, Mr Scoff-ield? TV host Phillip chows down on a burger during family holiday in LA with wife Stephanie and daughters Molly and Ruby 'Every tantalising thread was snipped': The Americans season finale receives solid yet underwhelming reviews... as FX series gears up for last chapter Hardly under cover! Bianca Gascoigne almost spills out of her skimpy camouflage print bikini as she splashes around in the pool in Ibiza 'I used to watch him do tricks': BGT finalist Issy Simpson, 8, hits back at fix claims as she reveals magician grandfather and Harry Potter inspired routine Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning figure in barely-there yellow bikini as she hits the shores with husband Wayne and their sons during Barbados break  If I Was Your (Cow)boyfriend! Justin Bieber looks delighted with his bizarre choice of outfit as he struts around NYC in stetson and bold gold jacket BGT makes way for Manchester: ITV's Britain's Got Talent final MOVED from Sunday to Saturday night to ensure Ariana Grande's benefit gig is not overshadowed Orlando Bloom's proud mother 'sends copies of her actor son's CV' to newspapers detailing his 'meteoric rise to fame' and stellar reviews Chloe Madeley flaunts pert posterior and taut abs as she slips into bra and knickers for raunchy Instagram snaps She's worked hard EXCLUSIVE: Kardashians score another victory in battle over scrapped beauty line - as appeal from company using their likeness is tossed out 'He was just such an inspiring performer': Dev Patel's girlfriend Tilda Cobham-Hervey, 22, gushes over late actor Heath Ledger  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The cheek of it! Jamie Laing cops a feel of his bikini-clad girlfriend Frankie Gaff's derriere as they join their co-stars on a lavish yacht  Size 22 Tess Holliday bashes a Snow White poster that labels a short, curvy version of the princess 'less beautiful' than the VERY svelte original  He's Scott the dollars! An unusually shy Kylie Jenner flaunts her slim waist in sexy low-slung jeans as boyfriend Travis carries huge wad of cash on date Princess Mary has a Princess Diana moment as her white trousers turn see-through in the sunlight as she steps out in Stockholm Oops moment The beaming Queen! Monarch is all smiles as she dons turquoise outfit and displays a chic new hairstyle at a luncheon in London  Fresh new crop 'I was a disaster of a boyfriend!' Keri Russell and Scott Speedman dish on their past relationship and reveal whether there will be a Felicity reunion Making a splash Down Under! Pippa and new hubby James Matthews climb into a water taxi in Sydney as they take honeymoon to Australia after private island trip Mini magician Issy Simpson, 8, soars through to BGT final amid 'fix' claims as she receives the most votes... after Alesha nearly RUINED her trick Top family! Richard Hammond enjoys a night out with wife Amanda and daughters Isabella and Willow during a break from The Grand Tour 'I'm greedy and fat...but I'm not insane': Dame Judi Dench appears as stubborn Queen Victoria in the trailer for upcoming biographical drama Victoria & Abdul 'Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry sports perilously short mini during filming... after viewers BLAST her 'vile drunken sex antics' in alarming new scenes 'I wish it was you that was dead and not mum': Jeff Brazier reveals 'worst thing' his sons have said to him as they deal with their mother Jade Goody's death TOWIE's Amber Turner shows off sensationally slender figure in glitzy peach bikini as she hits the beach in Marbella  Hit the sun-soaked beach with a pal Michael Jackson's ex-wife Debbie Rowe accidentally BURNS DOWN her friend's cottage in Vermont after helping her with some DIY What a blooming delight! 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford carries bouquet of flowers and gifts as she hugs fans at Sydney airport We'll take a paw-dicure: Paris Hilton takes her very well-dressed pooch to the salon as she steps out wearing colourful maxi dress  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson looks worse for wear in thigh-grazing dress for filming in Newcastle... hours after she flashed her bare breasts on TV 'There was no competition': Zac Efron says there was no rivalry with The Rock when it came to working out for Baywatch... after the movie FLOPS Smoking hot! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray flaunts her busty cleavage in sheer bikini bra as she poses with a morning cigarette  Busty display Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence dresses down as she steps out in Beverly Hills... after defending herself over THAT pole dancing routine 'She's irrelevant to everyone's lives': Love Island's Olivia Buckland and fiancé Alex Bowen cruelly take aim at Malin Andersson... as she brands couple 'bullies' Mel B ends rift with her mother Andrea as they pose for family photo... after the duo make amends after Spice Girl's split from husband Stephen Belafonte Beaming beauty! Delta Goodrem flashes taut torso in daring cut-out dress as she attends The Voice Australia live shows launch party in Sydney 'I guess we're good actors': Wonder Woman stars Gal Gadot and Chris Pine discuss their on-screen chemistry and THAT nude scene They play love interests  Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde slips into a skimpy bikini for Cape Verde beach day after revealing she's been body shamed for her 'too small' baby bump Going for breakfast at Tiffany's? Myleene Klass channels Audrey Hepburn in monochrome shift dress and yellow heels as she heads to work Nicola Peltz flashes her bra in sheer sweater as she enjoys cosy date night with model boyfriend Anwar Hadid Transformers actress put on a racy display  Feeling nippy? Supermodel Shanina Shaik goes BRALESS as she flaunts cleavage in low-cut black leotard Former Victoria's Secret model  'I was treated like a freak': Former Strictly judge Arlene Phillips was told she wouldn't be able to bond with her daughter after giving birth aged 47 Rochelle Humes is left red-faced AGAIN and has to apologise for a second day running as Jordana Brewster swears live on breakfast TV Summer starts here! Bikini-clad Abbey Clancy flashes her pert bottom as she takes a well earned break after completing work on Britain's Next Top Model Look away Dolph! Muscleman's model daughter Ida Lundgren goes TOPLESS in nothing but bikini briefs for sultry snap on the beach Censoring herself! Kylie Jenner places emojis over her sheer bra as she promotes lip kit on Snapchat Maintained her modesty with stars 'I get to press the scary buzzer!' Simon Cowell's mini-me son Eric, 3, steals the show on America's Got Talent as he takes his father's place on judging panel How does she do it? Pregnant Erin McNaught STRIPS DOWN to her underwear as she shows off bare baby bump and enviably toned frame at 24 weeks 'It's my dream come true': Alanis Morissette's Jagged Little Pill album is set to be turned into a musical It's more than 20 years old Coleen Rooney highlights her svelte frame in a plunging cream beach dress as she joins husband Wayne and their sons for Barbados beach day 'If I could take back decisions I made': Geordie Shore's Zahida Allen pens heartfelt apology to beau Sean Pratt in lengthy open letter on social media SPOILER ALERT: Violence between Beth and Nathan, Daniel threatens to kill himself and Nick gets caught in QUICKSAND as Corrie's late nights take a turn Olivia Newton-John, 68, reveals breast cancer has returned and spread to her back 25 years after she was first diagnosed  Cancelled tour 'People will sell their mum to get on Love Island!' Reality stars throw support behind TOWIE's Jon Clark after Chloe Crowhurst RUNS AWAY for the show That holiday glow! Lara Bingle looks radiant in all black ensemble as she returns from luxury vacation in Turks and Caicos Sydney airport  Kate goes gaga for Superga! The Duchess of Cambridge can't get enough of her £50 trainers (and sales of the shoes have DOUBLED) Kaya Scodelario sparks controversy after revealing a monkey would 'projectile vomit all the time' on set of Pirates Of Caribbean 'Hello, young lady!' Lionel Richie FaceTimes daughter Sofia while she cavorts around France with 'sex addict' pal Scott Disick  New companion EXCLUSIVE: Things are looking up for Chelsea Manning as she gets her eyes tested in NYC after trading military prison for the high life in the Big Apple Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Business News GLOBAL MARKETS-Sterling slips on election fears, downbeat China PMI weighs on stocks Shares0 Thu, 1 Jun 2017-09:04am , Reuters Sterling retreated on Thursday on fears that Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in Britain's June 8 election, while conflicting signals on the health of China's manufacturing sector kept most Asian stock markets in check. Sterling retreated 0.1 percent to $1.2877 after a YouGov poll showed May could be well short of the number of seats needed to form a government, raising the prospect of political turmoil just as formal Brexit talks begin. Other polls, however, show May winning a big majority. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was flat after four sessions of losses as investors took profits after stocks hit a two-year high last week and as economic and geopolitical concerns continued to weigh on sentiment. Chinese shares fell as much as 0.4 percent after a private survey showed the country's manufacturing activity contracted in May for the first time in 11 months, contrasting with official data on Wednesday which suggested growth remained steady. But Japan's Nikkei advanced 1 percent after data showed recurring first-quarter corporate profits were the highest on record for the January to March period. An increase in capital expenditure in the first quarter added to a raft of recent data pointing to economic expansion, while manufacturing growth in Japan also rose to a three-month high, according to a business survey. South Korea's KOSPI fell 0.2 percent but the Korean won remained steady at 1,119.3 won to the dollar as rising exports in May offset other data showing factory activity shrank for the 10th straight month. "Asian equity markets have outperformed other emerging markets over the past month," Krystal Tan, Asia economist at Capital Economics, wrote in a note, while adding that further gains this year are expected to be limited. Overnight, Wall Street closed slightly lower as financials lost ground after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter, but gains in defensive plays offset the decline. All three major U.S. indexes ended May in positive territory. The dollar gained after touching a near two-week low against the yen overnight. It was up 0.2 percent to 110.88 yen on Thursday, its first positive session in five, but concerns about U.S. politics capped gains. President Donald Trump's administration has been the focus of independent investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and several congressional panels over alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion by the Trump campaign. The House intelligence committee on Wednesday approved subpoenas for Trump's former national security advisor and personal lawyer in connected with the Russian meddling probe. The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major peers, inched up less than 0.1 percent to 96.993 after posting a 0.4 percent loss on Wednesday. "The dollar remains pressured by the mounting dysfunction in Washington that has all but eliminated hopes for a bold fiscal stimulus package from the Trump administration," said Omer Esiner, chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange in Washington. Clouding the picture further was a mixed bag of economic data on Wednesday. Pending home sales fell for a second straight month in April, hindered by a lack of supply, while an index of U.S. Midwest manufacturing activity rose in May. The Chinese yuan continued its recent run of gains, strengthening for a fourth straight session after news that authorities are tweaking their formula for the daily reference rate in a bid to quash persistent depreciation pressure. It was last trading at 6.7908 per dollar, its strongest level since November, after the People's Bank of China set the midpoint at 6.8090. The euro was flat at $1.1244. In commodities, oil prices advanced on a report that showed U.S. crude stockpiles had fallen more than expected. That came on the heels of Wednesday's steep declines driven by after an increase in Libyan output that helped boost monthly OPEC production for the first time this year. Global benchmark Brent advanced 1.7 percent to $51.15 a barrel after slumping 3 percent on Wednesday. U.S. crude rose 0.8 percent to $48.70, after plunging 2.7 percent in the previous session. Gold rose 0.1 percent to $1,262.20 an ounce. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Business India loses fastest growing economy tag after sharp growth slowdown Business DNA Money Edit: GDP growth slowdown unlikely to spill over to 2017-18 Business Are we an ethically deficient nation? Business Airport operators oppose cap on revenue share of ISPs Personal Finance Save tax on investments with equity arbitrage funds Business Skills that can save your job Next Article > Did Katrina Kaif ask Shah Rukh Khan to drop Deepika Padukone from Aanand Rai's next? Here's what she has to say! Live Cricket Score England vs Bangladesh Thu, 1 June 2017, 03:00 PM IST Next node Did Katrina Kaif ask Shah Rukh Khan to drop Deepika Padukone from Aanand Rai's next? Here's what she has to say! Related Airport operators oppose cap on revenue share of ISPs Charging bulls may take a pause Amid China's ambitious OBOR initiative, PM Modi bats for Asia-Africa growth corridor Zee Biz Originals View all Debt continues to be key constraint for India, Moody's says World No Tobacco Day 2017: 19% quit smoking because of rising costs India loses fastest growing economy tag after sharp growth slowdown India's GDP growth in the fourth quarter drops to 6.1%; clocked 8% in 2015-16 Video Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma WATCH: Priyanka Chopra PROPOSES to Tupac, BEATS up a clown, does the Baywatch run and more.... View all Tags Japan Asia-Pacific Donald Trump Theresa May Washington Bank of America Capital Economics Federal Bureau of Investigation House MSCI Opec South Korea U. S. Midwest People Bank of China Britain Commonwealth Foreign Exchange Federal Bureau Japan Nikkei Omer Esiner South Korea Kospi Wall Street SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News From no-hoper to crowd-puller, British Labour leader Corbyn gains ground BJP lauds Army, says India won't tolerate any terrorist activity UPSC results indicate emergence of women power Centre China limits exports of heavy dredgers over security concerns Fire 'largely put out', scrutiny on to bring down building Sport Focus on captains as Australia take on New Zealand Indian women's hockey team heads to Shillaroo for national camp Soccer-Ibrahimovic to talk with United, consider rival offers - agent Cricket-Captain Morgan will not rob Roy of England opening spot Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Thursday, June 1 Entertainment Kapoor khandaan's OBSESSION with number '8' REVEALED! Patty Jenkins talks 'Thor 2' exit and when films disservice women It was difficult: Gulshan Grover on shooting bold scenes with Katrina Kaif in Boom! Anil Kapoor to play father to beta Harshvardhan in Abhinav Bindra biopic? Michelle Williams joins Amy Schumer in 'I Feel Pretty' Money Reform measures to broaden tax base, cut debt: Moody's C'garh targets 48 lakh ha acreage in kharif season Cardamom futures remain up, gain 3.72 pc on spot demand Govt trying to divert attention from GDP failure: Rahul 'Axis of love': Saudi-Russia detente heralds new oil order Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio Stocks Forex Commodities Gold & Silver Today's Pick Portfolio Tracker Sterling slips on election fears; downbeat China PMI weighs on stocks Reuters comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipped 0.2 per cent. File Photo All three major US indexes ended May in positive territory. Singapore, June 1:   Sterling retreated on Thursday on fears that Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in Britain's June 8 election, while conflicting signals on the health of China's manufacturing sector kept most Asian stock markets in check. Sterling retreated 0.1 per cent to $1.2877 after a YouGov poll showed May could be well short of the number of seats needed to form a government, raising the prospect of political turmoil just as formal Brexit talks begin. Other polls, however, show May winning a big majority. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was flat after four sessions of losses as investors took profits after stocks hit a two-year high last week and as economic and geopolitical concerns continued to weigh on sentiment. Chinese shares fell as much as 0.4 per cent after a private survey showed the country's manufacturing activity contracted in May for the first time in 11 months, contrasting with official data on Wednesday which suggested growth remained steady. But Japan's Nikkei advanced 1 per cent after data showed recurring first-quarter corporate profits were the highest on record for the January to March period. An increase in capital expenditure in the first quarter added to a raft of recent data pointing to economic expansion, while manufacturing growth in Japan also rose to a three-month high, according to a business survey. South Korea's KOSPI fell 0.2 per cent but the Korean won remained steady at 1,119.3 won to the dollar as rising exports in May offset other data showing factory activity shrank for the 10th straight month. “Asian equity markets have outperformed other emerging markets over the past month,” Krystal Tan, Asia economist at Capital Economics, wrote in a note, while adding that further gains this year are expected to be limited. Overnight, Wall Street closed slightly lower as financials lost ground after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter, but gains in defensive plays offset the decline. All three major US indexes ended May in positive territory. The dollar gained after touching a near two-week low against the yen overnight. It was up 0.2 per cent to 110.88 yen on Thursday, its first positive session in five, but concerns about U.S. politics capped gains. Russian meddling probe President Donald Trump's administration has been the focus of independent investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and several congressional panels over alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion by the Trump campaign. The House intelligence committee on Wednesday approved subpoenas for Trump's former national security advisor and personal lawyer in connected with the Russian meddling probe. The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major peers, inched up less than 0.1 per cent to 96.993 after posting a 0.4 per cent loss on Wednesday. “The dollar remains pressured by the mounting dysfunction in Washington that has all but eliminated hopes for a bold fiscal stimulus package from the Trump administration,” said Omer Esiner, chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange in Washington. Clouding the picture further was a mixed bag of economic data on Wednesday. Pending home sales fell for a second straight month in April, hindered by a lack of supply, while an index of US Midwest manufacturing activity rose in May. The Chinese yuan continued its recent run of gains, strengthening for a fourth straight session after news that authorities are tweaking their formula for the daily reference rate in a bid to quash persistent depreciation pressure. It was last trading at 6.7908 per dollar, its strongest level since November, after the People's Bank of China set the midpoint at 6.8090. The euro was flat at $1.1244. In commodities, oil prices advanced on a report that showed US crude stockpiles had fallen more than expected. That came on the heels of Wednesday's steep declines driven by after an increase in Libyan output that helped boost monthly OPEC production for the first time this year. Global benchmark Brent advanced 1.7 per cent to $51.15 a barrel after slumping 3 per cent on Wednesday. US crude rose 0.8 percent to $48.70, after plunging 2.7 per cent in the previous session. Gold rose 0.1 per cent to $1,262.20 an ounce. (This article was published on June 1, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS Markets Live: Sensex trading flat; healthcare, FMCG stocks top gainers Sensex trading flat on weak macroeconomic data; healthcare, FMCG top gainers Rupee up 8 paise at 64.43 on dollar selling TOPICS economy, business and finance | stocks and shares | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Markets Live: Sensex trading flat; healthcare, FMCG stocks top gainers Markets Live More... Tweet O P E N close Recent Article in Stocks Nikkei rises on upbeat Japan capex data The Ministry of Finance data showed capital expenditure by manufacturers and non-manufacturers grew 1 % and 6.3% respectively » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Dollar languishes near six-and-half month lows, pound falters Business Standard Asia stocks follow Wall Street's negative lead, sterling slips on election fears Reuters  |  SINGAPORE  June 1, 2017 Last Updated at 06:35 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWOsSd ALSO READ Asia stocks pressured by Wall Street, dollar holds below 14-year peak Asia stocks fall in Wall Street's wake, dollar holds below 14-year peak Global Markets - Asia stocks weaker, dollar slips as Fed continues to weigh Asia stocks mixed after strong Wall Street, dollar gains on U.S. data Asia stocks edge up on firmer Wall Street, pound nurses losses By Nichola Saminather SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian stocks were mostly lower on Thursday following a subdued lead from Wall Street, while the dollar pulled up from near two-week lows and sterling languished under the weight of political fears one week before Britain's election. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan <.MIAPJ0000PUS> dipped 0.2 percent and looked set for its fifth straight session of losses as investors took profits after stocks hit a two-year high last week and as economic and geopolitical concerns continued to weigh on sentiment. Japan's Nikkei <.N225> advanced 0.8 percent after data showing recurring first-quarter corporate profits were the highest on record for the January to March period. An increase in capital expenditure in the first quarter also adds to a raft of recent data pointing to economic expansion. Manufacturing growth in Japan also rose to a three-month high, according to a business survey. Australian stocks <.AXJO> retreated 0.2 percent. South Korea's KOSPI <.KS11> fell 0.3 percent and the Korean won weakened 0.2 percent to trade at 1,121 won to the dollar after data showed factory activity in May shrank for the 10th straight month. Overnight, Wall Street closed slightly lower as financials lost ground after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter, but gains in defensive plays offset the decline. All three major U.S. indexes <.SPX> <.DJI> <.IXIC> ended May in positive territory. [.N] The dollar gained after touching a near two-week low against the yen overnight. It was up 0.2 percent from its previous close at 110.95 early on Thursday, its first positive session in five, but concerns about U.S. politics capped gains. President Donald Trump's administration has been the focus of independent investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and several congressional panels over alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion by the Trump campaign. The House intelligence committee on Wednesday approved subpoenas for Trump's former national security advisor and personal lawyer in connected with the Russian meddling probe. The dollar index <.DXY>, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major peers, inched up 0.1 percent to 97.039 after posting a 0.4 percent loss on Wednesday. "The dollar remains pressured by the mounting dysfunction in Washington that has all but eliminated hopes for a bold fiscal stimulus package from the Trump administration," said Omer Esiner, chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange in Washington. Clouding the picture further was a mixed bag of economic data on Wednesday. Pending home sales fell for a second straight month in April, hindered by a lack of supply, while an index of U.S. Midwest manufacturing activity rose in May. Sterling retreated 0.15 percent to $1.2872 on Thursday after a YouGov poll showed Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in Britain's June 8 election, raising the prospect of political turmoil just as formal Brexit talks begin. Other polls, however, show May winning a big majority. In commodities, oil prices attempted to claw back some of the losses posted on Wednesday after an increase in Libyan output helped boost monthly OPEC production for the first time this year. Global benchmark Brent advanced 1.8 percent to $51.21 a barrel after slumping 3 percent on Wednesday. U.S. crude rose 1 percent to $48.82, after plunging 2.7 percent in the previous session. Gold was steady at $1,267.91 an ounce. (Reporting by Nichola Saminather; Additional reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Kim Coghill) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Global | Markets | Wall Street | Asia | Election | Britain | Singapore | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Asia stocks follow Wall Street's negative lead, sterling slips on election fears SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian stocks were mostly lower on Thursday following a subdued lead from Wall Street, while the dollar pulled up from near two-week lows and sterling languished under the weight of political fears one week before Britain's election. By Nichola Saminather SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian stocks were mostly lower on Thursday following a subdued lead from Wall Street, while the dollar pulled up from near two-week lows and sterling languished under the weight of political fears one week before Britain's election. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan <.MIAPJ0000PUS> dipped 0.2 percent and looked set for its fifth straight session of losses as investors took profits after stocks hit a two-year high last week and as economic and geopolitical concerns continued to weigh on sentiment. Japan's Nikkei <.N225> advanced 0.8 percent after data showing recurring first-quarter corporate profits were the highest on record for the January to March period. An increase in capital expenditure in the first quarter also adds to a raft of recent data pointing to economic expansion. Manufacturing growth in Japan also rose to a three-month high, according to a business survey. Australian stocks <.AXJO> retreated 0.2 percent. South Korea's KOSPI <.KS11> fell 0.3 percent and the Korean won weakened 0.2 percent to trade at 1,121 won to the dollar after data showed factory activity in May shrank for the 10th straight month. Overnight, Wall Street closed slightly lower as financials lost ground after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter, but gains in defensive plays offset the decline. All three major U.S. indexes <.SPX> <.DJI> <.IXIC> ended May in positive territory. [.N] The dollar gained after touching a near two-week low against the yen overnight. It was up 0.2 percent from its previous close at 110.95 early on Thursday, its first positive session in five, but concerns about U.S. politics capped gains. President Donald Trump's administration has been the focus of independent investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and several congressional panels over alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion by the Trump campaign. The House intelligence committee on Wednesday approved subpoenas for Trump's former national security advisor and personal lawyer in connected with the Russian meddling probe. The dollar index <.DXY>, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major peers, inched up 0.1 percent to 97.039 after posting a 0.4 percent loss on Wednesday. "The dollar remains pressured by the mounting dysfunction in Washington that has all but eliminated hopes for a bold fiscal stimulus package from the Trump administration," said Omer Esiner, chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange in Washington. Clouding the picture further was a mixed bag of economic data on Wednesday. Pending home sales fell for a second straight month in April, hindered by a lack of supply, while an index of U.S. Midwest manufacturing activity rose in May. Sterling retreated 0.15 percent to $1.2872 on Thursday after a YouGov poll showed Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in Britain's June 8 election, raising the prospect of political turmoil just as formal Brexit talks begin. Other polls, however, show May winning a big majority. In commodities, oil prices attempted to claw back some of the losses posted on Wednesday after an increase in Libyan output helped boost monthly OPEC production for the first time this year. Global benchmark Brent advanced 1.8 percent to $51.21 a barrel after slumping 3 percent on Wednesday. U.S. crude rose 1 percent to $48.82, after plunging 2.7 percent in the previous session. Gold was steady at $1,267.91 an ounce. (Reporting by Nichola Saminather; Additional reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Kim Coghill) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Asia stocks follow Wall Street's negative lead, sterling slips on election fears By Nichola Saminather SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian stocks were mostly lower on Thursday following a subdued lead from Wall Street, while the dollar pulled up from near two-week lows and sterling languished under the weight of political fears one week before Britain's election. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan <.MIAPJ0000PUS> dipped 0.2 percent and looked set for its fifth straight session of losses as investors took profits after stocks hit a two-year high last week and as economic and geopolitical concerns continued to weigh on sentiment. Japan's Nikkei <.N225> advanced 0.8 percent after data showing recurring first-quarter corporate profits were the highest on record for the January to March period. An increase in capital expenditure in the first quarter also adds to a raft of recent data pointing to economic expansion. Manufacturing growth in Japan also rose to a three-month high, according to a business survey. Australian stocks <.AXJO> retreated 0.2 percent. South Korea's KOSPI <.KS11> fell 0.3 percent and the Korean won weakened 0.2 percent to trade at 1,121 won to the dollar after data showed factory activity in May shrank for the 10th straight month. Overnight, Wall Street closed slightly lower as financials lost ground after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter, but gains in defensive plays offset the decline. All three major U.S. indexes <.SPX> <.DJI> <.IXIC> ended May in positive territory. [.N] The dollar gained after touching a near two-week low against the yen overnight. It was up 0.2 percent from its previous close at 110.95 early on Thursday, its first positive session in five, but concerns about U.S. politics capped gains. President Donald Trump's administration has been the focus of independent investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and several congressional panels over alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion by the Trump campaign. The House intelligence committee on Wednesday approved subpoenas for Trump's former national security advisor and personal lawyer in connected with the Russian meddling probe. The dollar index <.DXY>, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major peers, inched up 0.1 percent to 97.039 after posting a 0.4 percent loss on Wednesday. "The dollar remains pressured by the mounting dysfunction in Washington that has all but eliminated hopes for a bold fiscal stimulus package from the Trump administration," said Omer Esiner, chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange in Washington. Clouding the picture further was a mixed bag of economic data on Wednesday. Pending home sales fell for a second straight month in April, hindered by a lack of supply, while an index of U.S. Midwest manufacturing activity rose in May. Sterling retreated 0.15 percent to $1.2872 on Thursday after a YouGov poll showed Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in Britain's June 8 election, raising the prospect of political turmoil just as formal Brexit talks begin. Other polls, however, show May winning a big majority. In commodities, oil prices attempted to claw back some of the losses posted on Wednesday after an increase in Libyan output helped boost monthly OPEC production for the first time this year. Global benchmark Brent advanced 1.8 percent to $51.21 a barrel after slumping 3 percent on Wednesday. U.S. crude rose 1 percent to $48.82, after plunging 2.7 percent in the previous session. Gold was steady at $1,267.91 an ounce. (Reporting by Nichola Saminather; Additional reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Kim Coghill) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Market Asia stocks follow Wall Street’s negative lead, sterling slips on election fears Asia stocks follow Wall Street’s negative lead, sterling slips on election fears Asian stocks were mostly lower on Thursday following a subdued lead from Wall Street, while the dollar pulled up from near two-week lows and sterling languished under the weight of political fears one week before Britain's election. By: Reuters | Singapore | Updated: June 1, 2017 7:26 AM An increase in capital expenditure in the first quarter also adds to a raft of recent data pointing to economic expansion. (Reuters) Asian stocks were mostly lower on Thursday following a subdued lead from Wall Street, while the dollar pulled up from near two-week lows and sterling languished under the weight of political fears one week before Britain’s election. MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipped 0.2 percent and looked set for its fifth straight session of losses as investors took profits after stocks hit a two-year high last week and as economic and geopolitical concerns continued to weigh on sentiment. Japan’s Nikkei advanced 0.8 percent after data showing recurring first-quarter corporate profits were the highest on record for the January to March period. An increase in capital expenditure in the first quarter also adds to a raft of recent data pointing to economic expansion. Manufacturing growth in Japan also rose to a three-month high, according to a business survey. Australian stocks retreated 0.2 percent. South Korea’s KOSPI fell 0.3 percent and the Korean won weakened 0.2 percent to trade at 1,121 won to the dollar after data showed factory activity in May shrank for the 10th straight month. Overnight, Wall Street closed slightly lower as financials lost ground after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter, but gains in defensive plays offset the decline. All three major U.S. indexes ended May in positive territory. The dollar gained after touching a near two-week low against the yen overnight. It was up 0.2 percent from its previous close at 110.95 early on Thursday, its first positive session in five, but concerns about U.S. politics capped gains. President Donald Trump’s administration has been the focus of independent investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and several congressional panels over alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion by the Trump campaign. The House intelligence committee on Wednesday approved subpoenas for Trump’s former national security advisor and personal lawyer in connected with the Russian meddling probe. The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major peers, inched up 0.1 percent to 97.039 after posting a 0.4 percent loss on Wednesday. “The dollar remains pressured by the mounting dysfunction in Washington that has all but eliminated hopes for a bold fiscal stimulus package from the Trump administration,” said Omer Esiner, chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange in Washington. Clouding the picture further was a mixed bag of economic data on Wednesday. Pending home sales fell for a second straight month in April, hindered by a lack of supply, while an index of U.S. Midwest manufacturing activity rose in May. Sterling retreated 0.15 percent to $1.2872 on Thursday after a YouGov poll showed Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in Britain’s June 8 election, raising the prospect of political turmoil just as formal Brexit talks begin. Other polls, however, show May winning a big majority. In commodities, oil prices attempted to claw back some of the losses posted on Wednesday after an increase in Libyan output helped boost monthly OPEC production for the first time this year. Global benchmark Brent advanced 1.8 percent to $51.21 a barrel after slumping 3 percent on Wednesday. U.S. crude rose 1 percent to $48.82, after plunging 2.7 percent in the previous session. Gold was steady at $1,267.91 an ounce. No Comments. Don't Miss Moody's fires fresh salvo at Modi, says India government debt significantly high Paris Climate Agreement: All you need to know about the deal Donald Trump may quit; Narendra Modi to stick Government moots selling HPCL to ONGC for Rs 29,000 crore by December to create giant oil PSU Android O will come to OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T; know when to expect the latest OS update on your smartphone Kapil Mishra attacked: BJP leader Parvesh Verma says Arvind Kejriwal has turned Delhi into Lalu Yadav's Bihar NASA gets ready to send mission to the Sun: 10 things to know about Parker Solar Probe Ramachandra Guha resigns from BCCI's COA due to personal reasons, SC to hear plea on July 14 Anti-Corruption Branch begins probe into medicine shortage scam Manufacturing PMI falls to three-month low in May Army Chief Bipin Rawat in Srinagar: General to meet top commanders in Jammu and Kashmir today Business Gallery Indian Navy rescues 33 Bangladeshis as Cyclone Mora hits hard, see pictures Moscow metro station: One of the world’s visually stunning underground systems; here’s how it looks like Narendra Modi in Spain: PM shares light moments with Spanish President Mariano Rajoy; take a look Cyclone Mora hits Bangladesh: Over 3 lakh people shifted; here’s a glimpse of the extreme weather conditions PM Narendra Modi meets Chancellor Angela Merkel; more images from his Germany visit Technology Gallery SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours Hindi News भारत से छिना दुनिया की सबसे तेज बढ़ती अर्थव्यवस्था का तमगा, मोदी राज में 2017 में सबसे कम जीडीपी ग्रोथ मशहूर इतिहासकार रामचंद्र गुहा ने BCCI के प्रशासक पद से दिया इस्तीफा चेन्नई: 24 घंटे बाद भी नहीं बुझ पाई सिल्क शोरूम में लगी आग, ढह गई चार मंजिलें, करोड़ों का माल खाक Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Business Sterling slips on election fears, conflicting China signals weigh on stocks Add to ... By Nichola Saminather SINGAPORE — Reuters Published Wednesday, May 31, 2017 9:02PM EDT Last updated Thursday, Jun. 01, 2017 1:52AM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Sterling retreated on Thursday on fears that Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in Britain's June 8 election, while conflicting signals on the health of China's manufacturing sector kept most Asian stock markets in check. European stocks, however, looked set to open on a more positive note, with financial spreadbetter CMC Markets expecting major markets to start the day up about 0.1 percent. Sterling <GBP=D3> fell 0.1 percent to $1.2877 after a YouGov poll showed May could be well short of the number of seats needed to form a government, raising the prospect of political turmoil just as formal Brexit talks begin. Other polls, however, show May winning a big majority. The currency hit a near six-week low on Wednesday but recovered to close higher. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan <.MIAPJ0000PUS> was flat after four sessions of losses as investors took profits after stocks hit a two-year high last week and as economic and geopolitical concerns continued to weigh on sentiment. Chinese shares <.SSEC><.CSI300> fell as much as 0.5 percent after a private survey showed the country's manufacturing activity contracted in May for the first time in 11 months. The findings contrasted with official data on Wednesday which suggested growth remained steady. South Korea's KOSPI <.KS11> fell 0.1 percent and the Korean won <KRW=> fell 0.2 percent to 1,120.67 won to the dollar after data showing factory activity shrank for the 10th straight month. However, losses were limited by other data showing rising exports in May. Factories across much of Asia ran into a soft patch in May as export demand slowed, according to business surveys, but analysts said the weakness was likely to be temporary amid signs of steady improvement in the global economy. Manufacturing activity continued to improve in most of the region -- albeit at a more modest pace -- and business confidence remained strong overall. "Most of emerging Asia's manufacturing PMIs slipped in May but we doubt this marks the start of a significant downturn in Asian manufacturing," Krystal Tan, Asia economist at Capital Economics, wrote in a note. Japan's Nikkei <.N225> advanced 1 percent after data showed recurring first-quarter corporate profits were the highest on record for the January to March period. An increase in capital expenditure in the first quarter added to a raft of recent data pointing to economic expansion, while manufacturing growth in Japan also rose to a three-month high, according to a business survey. Overnight, Wall Street closed slightly lower as financials lost ground after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter, but gains in defensive plays offset the decline. All three major U.S. indexes <.SPX> <.DJI> <.IXIC> ended May in positive territory. The dollar gained after touching a near two-week low against the yen overnight. It was up 0.4 percent to 110.06 yen <JPY=D4> on Thursday, its first positive session in five, but concerns about U.S. politics capped gains. President Donald Trump's administration has been the focus of independent investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and several congressional panels over alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion by the Trump campaign. The House intelligence committee on Wednesday approved subpoenas for Trump's former national security advisor and personal lawyer in connected with the Russian meddling probe. A decision by Trump on whether the U.S. will remain in a global pact to fight climate change, due at 3 p.m. EDT (1900 GMT) is also keeping markets on edge. A source close to the matter said he was preparing to pull out of the deal. The dollar index <.DXY>, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major peers, inched up 0.1 percent to 97.003 after posting a 0.4 percent loss on Wednesday. Clouding the picture further was a mixed bag of economic data on Wednesday. Pending home sales fell for a second straight month in April, hindered by a lack of supply, while an index of U.S. Midwest manufacturing activity rose in May. The Chinese yuan continued its recent run of gains, strengthening for a fourth straight session after news that authorities are tweaking their formula for the daily reference rate in a bid to quash persistent depreciation pressure. [CNY/] It was last trading at 6.7948 per dollar <CNY=CFXS>, close to its strongest level since November hit earlier in the session, after the People's Bank of China set the midpoint <CNY=PBOC> at 6.8090. The euro <EUR=EBS> was flat at $1.12405. In commodities, oil prices advanced on a report that showed U.S. crude stockpiles had fallen more than expected. That came on the heels of Wednesday's steep declines driven by after an increase in Libyan output that helped boost monthly OPEC production for the first time this year. Global benchmark Brent <LCOc1> advanced 1.7 percent to $51.16 a barrel after slumping 3 percent on Wednesday. U.S. crude <CLc1> rose 0.9 percent to $48.75, after plunging 2.7 percent in the previous session. Gold <XAU=> rose 0.1 percent to $1,266.18 an ounce. (Reporting by Nichola Saminather; Additional reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Kim Coghill) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   Topics United Kingdom Japan United States of America Yougov Asia Theresa May Nikkei Donald Trump China South Korea Asia-Pacific Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Technology Huge Stratolaunch plane leaves hangar for fuel tests Life Britain's 'Iron Man' breaks his own jet-suit speed record Report on Business Gen Y Money: What you need to know about owning and buying a condo News Video: A giant duck is coming to Toronto for Canada 150, and it's ruffling some feathers Sports Tiger Woods arrested on DUI charge Sports LeBron James' property in L.A. vandalized with racial slur Report on Business Nokia relaunches classic 'brick' phone in home market Finland News Boeing trade dispute with Bombardier ‘unfounded’: Sajjan Technology Japanese facial recognition system tightens concert security News Trump 'covfefe' tweet confounds Twitter News Many killed, wounded in Afghanistan car bomb blast News Russia launches cruise missiles at Islamic State targets ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Concordia names its first female business dean Life How much is harmful?: New guidelines released on screen time for young children Most popular How a deal with the Greens slipped away from Christy Clark’s BC Liberals Tory amendment would quash effort to make O Canada gender-neutral, senator warns Liberals’ fundraising bill fails to quell cash-for-access charges IMF warns of ‘significant’ risks from Canada’s housing market B.C. left-of-centre alliance expected to usher in green economic vision X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 1 June 2017 | MYT 9:07 AM Asia stocks follow Wall Street's negative lead, sterling slips on election fears SINGAPORE: Asian stocks were mostly lower on Thursday following a subdued lead from Wall Street, while the dollar pulled up from near two-week lows and sterling languished under the weight of political fears one week before Britain's election. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipped 0.2 percent and looked set for its fifth straight session of losses as investors took profits after stocks hit a two-year high last week and as economic and geopolitical concerns continued to weigh on sentiment. Japan's Nikkei advanced 0.8 percent after data showing recurring first-quarter corporate profits were the highest on record for the January to March period. An increase in capital expenditure in the first quarter also adds to a raft of recent data pointing to economic expansion. Manufacturing growth in Japan also rose to a three-month high, according to a business survey. Australian stocks retreated 0.2 percent. South Korea's KOSPI fell 0.3 percent and the Korean won weakened 0.2 percent to trade at 1,121 won to the dollar after data showed factory activity in May shrank for the 10th straight month. Overnight, Wall Street closed slightly lower as financials lost ground after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter, but gains in defensive plays offset the decline. All three major U.S. indexes ended May in positive territory. The dollar gained after touching a near two-week low against the yen overnight. It was up 0.2 percent from its previous close at 110.95 early on Thursday, its first positive session in five, but concerns about U.S. politics capped gains. President Donald Trump's administration has been the focus of independent investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and several congressional panels over alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion by the Trump campaign. The House intelligence committee on Wednesday approved subpoenas for Trump's former national security advisor and personal lawyer in connected with the Russian meddling probe. The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major peers, inched up 0.1 percent to 97.039 after posting a 0.4 percent loss on Wednesday. "The dollar remains pressured by the mounting dysfunction in Washington that has all but eliminated hopes for a bold fiscal stimulus package from the Trump administration," said Omer Esiner, chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange in Washington. Clouding the picture further was a mixed bag of economic data on Wednesday. Pending home sales fell for a second straight month in April, hindered by a lack of supply, while an index of U.S. Midwest manufacturing activity rose in May. Sterling retreated 0.15 percent to $1.2872 on Thursday after a YouGov poll showed Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in Britain's June 8 election, raising the prospect of political turmoil just as formal Brexit talks begin. Other polls, however, show May winning a big majority. In commodities, oil prices attempted to claw back some of the losses posted on Wednesday after an increase in Libyan output helped boost monthly OPEC production for the first time this year. Global benchmark Brent advanced 1.8 percent to $51.21 a barrel after slumping 3 percent on Wednesday. U.S. crude rose 1 percent to $48.82, after plunging 2.7 percent in the previous session. Gold was steady at $1,267.91 an ounce. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Stocks , Markets , Forex Related Stories You May Be Interested As China ushers in new cyber law, misgivings remain Exxon vote shows Wall St diverging from Trump on climate change Mah Sing results in line with expectations AmInvestment Research retains Hold for Bumi Armada, FV 79 sen 5 ways to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Racing for a better tomorrow Others Also Read Little India a big pull for Chinese tourists Rangers sign Portuguese defender Alves on two-year deal More US tourists coming to our shores soon Property Related advertisement Latest News Board member: BoJ will not face big long-term losses when it unwinds stimulus Australia's biggest state hikes taxes for foreign property buyers 'Axis of love': Saudi-Russia detente heralds new oil order Production falls for first time in four months Macau casinos post 10-month winning streak Most Viewed in Business MH128 returns to Melbourne after passenger tied up with seat belts Malaysia slowly winning battle against forex speculators RHB-AMMB to begin merger talks Public Mutual declares RM502m distributions for 11 funds RHB Bank, AMMB suspended as merger talks begin Why Singapore casinos can’t collect from China’s high rollers Ringgit dips early Thursday versus US dollar Uber posts US$708 mln loss, finance head leaves Macau casinos post 10-month winning streak KLCI loses ground at midday advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Asian stocks follow Wall Street’s negative lead, sterling slips on election fears Thursday June 1, 2017 09:33 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Singapore tour agency Misa Travel shuts down under STB orders Envoy: Malaysian students never met Manchester suicide bomber The Edit: Fan Bingbing says may quit acting at the age of 40 The Edit: Help this man fund a ‘wizarding pub’ in London Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article People walk past an electronic board showing stock prices outside a brokerage at a business district in Tokyo, January 4, 2017. — Reuters picSINGAPORE, June 1 — Asian stocks were mostly lower today following a subdued lead from Wall Street, while the US dollar pulled up from near two-week lows and sterling languished under the weight of political fears one week before Britain's election. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipped 0.2 per cent and looked set for its fifth straight session of losses as investors took profits after stocks hit a two-year high last week and as economic and geopolitical concerns continued to weigh on sentiment. Japan's Nikkei advanced 0.8 per cent after data showing recurring first-quarter corporate profits were the highest on record for the January to March period. An increase in capital expenditure in the first quarter also adds to a raft of recent data pointing to economic expansion. Manufacturing growth in Japan also rose to a three-month high, according to a business survey. Australian stocks retreated 0.2 per cent. South Korea's Kospi fell 0.3 per cent and the Korean won weakened 0.2 per cent to trade at 1,121 won to the dollar after data showed factory activity in May shrank for the 10th straight month. Overnight, Wall Street closed slightly lower as financials lost ground after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter, but gains in defensive plays offset the decline. All three major US indexes ended May in positive territory. The US dollar gained after touching a near two-week low against the yen overnight. It was up 0.2 per cent from its previous close at 110.95 early today, its first positive session in five, but concerns about US politics capped gains. President Donald Trump's administration has been the focus of independent investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and several congressional panels over alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion by the Trump campaign. The House intelligence committee on Wednesday approved subpoenas for Trump's former national security advisor and personal lawyer in connected with the Russian meddling probe. The US dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major peers, inched up 0.1 per cent to 97.039 after posting a 0.4 per cent loss yesterday. “The US dollar remains pressured by the mounting dysfunction in Washington that has all but eliminated hopes for a bold fiscal stimulus package from the Trump administration,” said Omer Esiner, chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange in Washington. Clouding the picture further was a mixed bag of economic data yesterday. Pending home sales fell for a second straight month in April, hindered by a lack of supply, while an index of US Midwest manufacturing activity rose in May. Sterling retreated 0.15 per cent to US$1.2872 on Thursday after a YouGov poll showed Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in Britain's June 8 election, raising the prospect of political turmoil just as formal Brexit talks begin. Other polls, however, show May winning a big majority. In commodities, oil prices attempted to claw back some of the losses posted on Wednesday after an increase in Libyan output helped boost monthly OPEC production for the first time this year. Global benchmark Brent advanced 1.8 per cent to US$51.21 (RM219.11) a barrel after slumping 3 per cent yesterday. US crude rose 1 per cent to US$48.82, after plunging 2.7 per cent in the previous session. Gold was steady at US$1,267.91 an ounce. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week British pound in thrall to election projections as market jitters rise Malaysia slowly winning battle against forex speculators Malaysia’s manufacturing output slides after four-month rebound Asian stocks follow Wall Street's negative lead, sterling slips on election fears Uber's finance head leaves, company's quarterly loss narrows EPF investment income jumps 73.9pc to RM11.79b in 2017 first quarter Ringgit jumps on Opec, yuan at three-month high, other Asian currencies drift Meet Li Shufu, the man who dared buy Proton 1MDB probe: MAS fines Credit Suisse, UOB, seeks more trading bans (VIDEO) AirAsia's Fernandes says 'foolish' not to consider C919 (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: Russia fires missiles at Islamic State targets Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Asia steady on firmer Wall Street, pound nurses losses Oil slump hits Asian energy stocks, sterling slides Asean stocks flat to lower, Philippines falls 1pc on profit taking Asian shares edge up, on track for winning week Asian stocks tread water on US, commodities concerns Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 26° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 33-55 We set you thinking Thursday 1 June 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Malaysia Airlines flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tries to enter cockpit 1496291963 Sports FAS ex-co unveils plans to fix governance issues 1496299324 Singapore Traffic Police officer killed after accident at Serangoon Road 1496292480 Business Oil futures rise on U.S. stockpile draw, doubts over climate accord 1496297651 Business 'Axis of love': Saudi-Russia detente heralds new oil order 1496296948 Business Sterling slips on election fears, conflicting China signals weigh on stocks 1496296252 World Philippine military airstrikes kill 10 troops: Defence chief 1496296320 Business Social media companies step up removals of online hate speech: EU 1496295500 Singapore Elderly woman charged with using name of ‘Lee Kuan Yew’ to cheat 1496293020 Business Asian factories lose some momentum in May on soft export demand 1496294812 Business T-Mobile's expanded network has rivals - and suitors - taking notice 1496293972 Lifestyle The art of everyday objects growing like mushrooms 1496293922 World Trump to pull US out of Paris climate accord 1496247540 Singapore Mixed economic picture may be behind NWC's lowered wage proposals: Experts 1496260920 World Man who claimed to have a bomb on MH128 suffering from mental illness: Victoria police 1496293016 Singapore Dr Yaacob rules himself out of Presidential Election, as applications for Sept polls open 1496290800 Singapore ‘Guardian angels’ watch over autistic teen in public 1496260920 World Trump hails deals worth 'billions' with Vietnam 1496290612 Business U.S. companies sign billions in deals with Vietnam 1496290612 China&India How China’s growing naval fleet is shaping global politics 1496290321 Singapore Bazaar operator hauled to court for hiring foreign workers illegally 1496289900 Singapore Local tour agency Misa Travel shuts down under STB orders 1496235660 Entertainment Police question actor in audition saga, after reports lodged over viral FB post 1496276820 Business Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised 1496289317 Singapore New hawker centre in Admiralty to impose ‘mandatory’ tray returns 1496289417 World South Korea's Moon sends aide to U.S. to quell fears over anti-missile system 1496288275 World Ten government soldiers killed in Philippines military air strike: minister 1496286945 Business Fed's Williams bullish on U.S. economy, sees total three rate hikes this year 1496286530 Lifestyle Chloe Grace Moretz apologises for ad accused of body shaming 1496286119 Tech Work and play with Microsoft 1496268000 Tech More style and substance from Acer 1496268000 Business Exclusive: SoftBank to let OneWeb-Intelsat merger collapse - sources 1496281979 World Trump to announce decision on global climate deal on Thursday 1496281828 Entertainment Sgt Pepper turns 50: Still full of joy and whimsy 1496213760 Business Exclusive: SoftBank to let OneWeb-Intelsat merger collapse - sources 1496281445 Business Bank of Singapore to keep hiring in hunt for growth, CEO says 1496281637 Business Uber's finance head leaves; company's quarterly loss narrows 1496280875 Business CBS move to own shows like 'MacGyver' pays off in overseas sales 1496280771 World What’s a ‘covfefe’? Trump tweet unites a bewildered nation 1496281017 Tech So your phone ran out of juice. Here are the top chargers for it. 1496280418 World Macedonia's parliament endorses new government 1496270044 Business New York Times offers buyouts, scraps public editor position 1496277919 Business U.S. bank shares decline on trading revenue concerns 1496278192 World Anti-Maduro protests rage as OAS meets on Venezuela crisis 1496277829 Business SoftBank invests in industrial software firm OSIsoft 1496276319 World Trump hails signing of deals worth ‘billions’ with Vietnam 1496275016 World Migrants find poverty, exclusion in South America's copper capital 1496273028 Business Exxon shareholders approve climate impact report in win for activists 1496272752 Business Exxon vote shows Wall Street diverging from Trump on climate change 1496271786 World Truck bomb kills at least 80, wounds hundreds in Afghan capital 1496271940 Business Sterling slips on election fears, conflicting China signals weigh on stocks A pile of one pound coins is seen in central London. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 9:05 AM, June 1, 2017 Updated: 1:55 PM, June 1, 2017 SINGAPORE - Sterling retreated on Thursday on fears that Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in Britain's June 8 election, while conflicting signals on the health of China's manufacturing sector kept most Asian stock markets in check. European stocks, however, looked set to open on a more positive note, with financial spreadbetter CMC Markets expecting major markets to start the day up about 0.1 percent. Sterling <GBP=D3> fell 0.1 percent to $1.2877 after a YouGov poll showed May could be well short of the number of seats needed to form a government, raising the prospect of political turmoil just as formal Brexit talks begin. Other polls, however, show May winning a big majority. The currency hit a near six-week low on Wednesday but recovered to close higher. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan <.MIAPJ0000PUS> was flat after four sessions of losses as investors took profits after stocks hit a two-year high last week and as economic and geopolitical concerns continued to weigh on sentiment. Chinese shares <.SSEC><.CSI300> fell as much as 0.5 percent after a private survey showed the country's manufacturing activity contracted in May for the first time in 11 months. The findings contrasted with official data on Wednesday which suggested growth remained steady. South Korea's KOSPI <.KS11> fell 0.1 percent and the Korean won <KRW=> fell 0.2 percent to 1,120.67 won to the dollar after data showing factory activity shrank for the 10th straight month. However, losses were limited by other data showing rising exports in May. Factories across much of Asia ran into a soft patch in May as export demand slowed, according to business surveys, but analysts said the weakness was likely to be temporary amid signs of steady improvement in the global economy. Manufacturing activity continued to improve in most of the region -- albeit at a more modest pace -- and business confidence remained strong overall. "Most of emerging Asia's manufacturing PMIs slipped in May but we doubt this marks the start of a significant downturn in Asian manufacturing," Krystal Tan, Asia economist at Capital Economics, wrote in a note. Japan's Nikkei <.N225> advanced 1 percent after data showed recurring first-quarter corporate profits were the highest on record for the January to March period. An increase in capital expenditure in the first quarter added to a raft of recent data pointing to economic expansion, while manufacturing growth in Japan also rose to a three-month high, according to a business survey. Overnight, Wall Street closed slightly lower as financials lost ground after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter, but gains in defensive plays offset the decline. All three major U.S. indexes <.SPX> <.DJI> <.IXIC> ended May in positive territory. The dollar gained after touching a near two-week low against the yen overnight. It was up 0.4 percent to 110.06 yen <JPY=D4> on Thursday, its first positive session in five, but concerns about U.S. politics capped gains. President Donald Trump's administration has been the focus of independent investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and several congressional panels over alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion by the Trump campaign. The House intelligence committee on Wednesday approved subpoenas for Trump's former national security advisor and personal lawyer in connected with the Russian meddling probe. A decision by Trump on whether the U.S. will remain in a global pact to fight climate change, due at 3 p.m. EDT (1900 GMT) is also keeping markets on edge. A source close to the matter said he was preparing to pull out of the deal. The dollar index <.DXY>, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major peers, inched up 0.1 percent to 97.003 after posting a 0.4 percent loss on Wednesday. Clouding the picture further was a mixed bag of economic data on Wednesday. Pending home sales fell for a second straight month in April, hindered by a lack of supply, while an index of U.S. Midwest manufacturing activity rose in May. The Chinese yuan continued its recent run of gains, strengthening for a fourth straight session after news that authorities are tweaking their formula for the daily reference rate in a bid to quash persistent depreciation pressure. [CNY/] It was last trading at 6.7948 per dollar <CNY=CFXS>, close to its strongest level since November hit earlier in the session, after the People's Bank of China set the midpoint <CNY=PBOC> at 6.8090. The euro <EUR=EBS> was flat at $1.12405. In commodities, oil prices advanced on a report that showed U.S. crude stockpiles had fallen more than expected. That came on the heels of Wednesday's steep declines driven by after an increase in Libyan output that helped boost monthly OPEC production for the first time this year. Global benchmark Brent <LCOc1> advanced 1.7 percent to $51.16 a barrel after slumping 3 percent on Wednesday. U.S. crude <CLc1> rose 0.9 percent to $48.75, after plunging 2.7 percent in the previous session. Gold <XAU=> rose 0.1 percent to $1,266.18 an ounce. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble Worker advocacy group report says Tesla's injury rate higher than average With flights back in the skies, British Airways must now repair damaged reputation Wild swings, lack of liquidity keeping U.S. funds out of bitcoin Wall Street slips as energy, financials lose ground Wall Street rises, dollar falls on Fed minutes; oil retreats Wall Street little changed as financials drop, defensive stocks gain Wall Street hits record highs, helped by consumer stocks Wall St. drifts before long weekend; consumer stocks up Volkswagen woos BMW, Mercedes buyers in new upmarket push Viacom networks to return to Suddenlink customers Inside Today World Philippine military airstrikes kill 10 troops: Defence chief Man who claimed to have a bomb on MH128 suffering from mental illness: Victoria police Malaysia Airlines flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tries to enter cockpit U.S. companies sign billions in deals with Vietnam Trump hails deals worth 'billions' with Vietnam Business Oil futures rise on U.S. stockpile draw, doubts over climate accord 'Axis of love': Saudi-Russia detente heralds new oil order Sterling slips on election fears, conflicting China signals weigh on stocks Social media companies step up removals of online hate speech: EU Asian factories lose some momentum in May on soft export demand Sports FAS ex-co unveils plans to fix governance issues Singapore swimming has come a long way, says ex-Olympian Schoeman FIFA announces Chinese sponsor Vivo for 2018, 2022 World Cups Man City bosses want Guardiola to win treble next season Rugby: Lions burst into song as grueling six-week New Zealand tour gets underway Entertainment Police question actor in audition saga, after reports lodged over viral FB post Ariana Grande to return to Manchester for star-studded benefit gig Sgt Pepper turns 50: Still full of joy and whimsy Crazy Rich Asians movie, set in Singapore, 'will make history': Author Kevin Kwan Apple Music sets Aug 8 as new release date for Carpool Karaoke About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Home» Globe Investor» Markets A man looks at an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo, on May 30, 2017. (Eugene Hoshiko/AP) A man looks at an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo, on May 30, 2017. (Eugene Hoshiko/AP) Asian stocks follow Wall Street’s negative lead, sterling slips Add to ... Nichola Saminather SINGAPORE — Reuters Published Wednesday, May 31, 2017 9:08PM EDT Last updated Wednesday, May 31, 2017 9:10PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Asian stocks were mostly lower on Thursday following a subdued lead from Wall Street, while the dollar pulled up from near two-week lows and sterling languished under the weight of political fears one week before Britain’s election. MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipped 0.2 per cent and looked set for its fifth straight session of losses as investors took profits after stocks hit a two-year high last week and as economic and geopolitical concerns continued to weigh on sentiment. Japan’s Nikkei advanced 0.8 per cent after data showing recurring first-quarter corporate profits were the highest on record for the January to March period. An increase in capital expenditure in the first quarter also adds to a raft of recent data pointing to economic expansion. Manufacturing growth in Japan also rose to a three-month high, according to a business survey. Australian stocks retreated 0.2 per cent. South Korea’s KOSPI fell 0.3 per cent and the Korean won weakened 0.2 per cent to trade at 1,121 won to the dollar after data showed factory activity in May shrank for the 10th straight month. Overnight, Wall Street closed slightly lower as financials lost ground after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter, but gains in defensive plays offset the decline. All three major U.S. indexes ended May in positive territory. The dollar gained after touching a near two-week low against the yen overnight. It was up 0.2 per cent from its previous close at 110.95 early on Thursday, its first positive session in five, but concerns about U.S. politics capped gains. President Donald Trump’s administration has been the focus of independent investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and several congressional panels over alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion by the Trump campaign. The House intelligence committee on Wednesday approved subpoenas for Trump’s former national security adviser and personal lawyer in connected with the Russian meddling probe. The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major peers, inched up 0.1 per cent to 97.039 after posting a 0.4 per cent loss on Wednesday. “The dollar remains pressured by the mounting dysfunction in Washington that has all but eliminated hopes for a bold fiscal stimulus package from the Trump administration,” said Omer Esiner, chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange in Washington. Clouding the picture further was a mixed bag of economic data on Wednesday. Pending home sales fell for a second straight month in April, hindered by a lack of supply, while an index of U.S. Midwest manufacturing activity rose in May. Sterling retreated 0.15 per cent to $1.2872 on Thursday after a YouGov poll showed Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in Britain’s June 8 election, raising the prospect of political turmoil just as formal Brexit talks begin. Other polls, however, show May winning a big majority. In commodities, oil prices attempted to claw back some of the losses posted on Wednesday after an increase in Libyan output helped boost monthly OPEC production for the first time this year. Global benchmark Brent advanced 1.8 per cent to $51.21 a barrel after slumping 3 per cent on Wednesday. U.S. crude rose 1 per cent to $48.82, after plunging 2.7 per cent in the previous session. Gold was steady at $1,267.91 an ounce. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Nokia relaunches classic 'brick' phone in home market Finland (Reuters)   More Related to this Story ASSET ALLOCATION In rare twist, cash may prove better portfolio protector than bonds VALUE INVESTING Why specialization can lead to impressive returns for value investors Why bond ETFs are proving more and more enticing Topics Capital Markets Nikkei Asia-Pacific Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Technology Huge Stratolaunch plane leaves hangar for fuel tests Life Britain's 'Iron Man' breaks his own jet-suit speed record Report on Business Gen Y Money: What you need to know about owning and buying a condo News Video: A giant duck is coming to Toronto for Canada 150, and it's ruffling some feathers Sports Tiger Woods arrested on DUI charge Sports LeBron James' property in L.A. vandalized with racial slur Report on Business Nokia relaunches classic 'brick' phone in home market Finland News Boeing trade dispute with Bombardier ‘unfounded’: Sajjan Technology Japanese facial recognition system tightens concert security News Trump 'covfefe' tweet confounds Twitter News Many killed, wounded in Afghanistan car bomb blast News Russia launches cruise missiles at Islamic State targets ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Concordia names its first female business dean Life How much is harmful?: New guidelines released on screen time for young children Most popular How a deal with the Greens slipped away from Christy Clark’s BC Liberals Tory amendment would quash effort to make O Canada gender-neutral, senator warns Liberals’ fundraising bill fails to quell cash-for-access charges IMF warns of ‘significant’ risks from Canada’s housing market B.C. left-of-centre alliance expected to usher in green economic vision X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cooper Tire & Rubber Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cooper Tire & Rubber Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (CTB) Receives $40.40 Average Target Price from Brokerages May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (NYSE:CTB) have received a consensus rating of “Hold” from the nine brokerages that are presently covering the firm, MarketBeat reports. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The average 1 year price objective among brokerages that have covered the stock in the last year is $40.40. Several brokerages have commented on CTB. Northcoast Research downgraded Cooper Tire & Rubber Co from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Zacks Investment Research raised Cooper Tire & Rubber Co from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $49.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Cooper Tire & Rubber Co from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $47.00 to $51.00 in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, FBR & Co reaffirmed a “positive” rating and issued a $48.00 price objective on shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (NYSE CTB) traded up 0.14% on Friday, hitting $36.00. 1,189,604 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $39.08 and a 200 day moving average price of $39.28. The firm has a market cap of $1.91 billion and a PE ratio of 8.90. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co has a 52-week low of $29.29 and a 52-week high of $44.50. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (NYSE:CTB) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The company reported $0.57 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.69 by $0.12. The business had revenue of $643.03 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $687.92 million. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co had a net margin of 8.17% and a return on equity of 23.13%. The business’s revenue was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.05 EPS. On average, equities analysts forecast that Cooper Tire & Rubber Co will post $3.54 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be issued a $0.105 dividend. This represents a $0.42 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.17%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 30th. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co’s dividend payout ratio is 9.86%. WARNING: “Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (CTB) Receives $40.40 Average Target Price from Brokerages” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/cooper-tire-rubber-co-ctb-receives-40-40-average-target-price-from-brokerages.html. Several large investors have recently modified their holdings of CTB. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co during the fourth quarter valued at $9,289,000. Sheets Smith Wealth Management purchased a new stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co during the third quarter valued at $228,000. Crow Point Partners LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co during the third quarter valued at $238,000. Connor Clark & Lunn Investment Management Ltd. boosted its stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co by 80.0% in the third quarter. Connor Clark & Lunn Investment Management Ltd. now owns 72,900 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,772,000 after buying an additional 32,400 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co during the third quarter valued at $172,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 90.09% of the company’s stock. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co Company Profile Cooper Tire & Rubber Company is a manufacturer and marketer of replacement tires. The Company specializes in the design, manufacture, marketing and sales of passenger car, light truck, medium truck, motorcycle, and racing tires. The Company operates through four segments: North America, Latin America, Europe, and Asia. Receive News & Ratings for Cooper Tire & Rubber Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cooper Tire & Rubber Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News World News GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia stocks follow Wall Street's negative lead, sterling slips on election fears Shares0 Thu, 1 Jun 2017-06:37am , Reuters Asian stocks were mostly lower on Thursday following a subdued lead from Wall Street, while the dollar pulled up from near two-week lows and sterling languished under the weight of political fears one week before Britain's election. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipped 0.2 percent and looked set for its fifth straight session of losses as investors took profits after stocks hit a two-year high last week and as economic and geopolitical concerns continued to weigh on sentiment. Japan's Nikkei advanced 0.8 percent after data showing recurring first-quarter corporate profits were the highest on record for the January to March period. An increase in capital expenditure in the first quarter also adds to a raft of recent data pointing to economic expansion. Manufacturing growth in Japan also rose to a three-month high, according to a business survey. Australian stocks retreated 0.2 percent. South Korea's KOSPI fell 0.3 percent and the Korean won weakened 0.2 percent to trade at 1,121 won to the dollar after data showed factory activity in May shrank for the 10th straight month. Overnight, Wall Street closed slightly lower as financials lost ground after JPMorgan and Bank of America warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter, but gains in defensive plays offset the decline. All three major U.S. indexes ended May in positive territory. The dollar gained after touching a near two-week low against the yen overnight. It was up 0.2 percent from its previous close at 110.95 early on Thursday, its first positive session in five, but concerns about U.S. politics capped gains. President Donald Trump's administration has been the focus of independent investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and several congressional panels over alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and potential collusion by the Trump campaign. The House intelligence committee on Wednesday approved subpoenas for Trump's former national security advisor and personal lawyer in connected with the Russian meddling probe. The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major peers, inched up 0.1 percent to 97.039 after posting a 0.4 percent loss on Wednesday. "The dollar remains pressured by the mounting dysfunction in Washington that has all but eliminated hopes for a bold fiscal stimulus package from the Trump administration," said Omer Esiner, chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange in Washington. Clouding the picture further was a mixed bag of economic data on Wednesday. Pending home sales fell for a second straight month in April, hindered by a lack of supply, while an index of U.S. Midwest manufacturing activity rose in May. Sterling retreated 0.15 percent to $1.2872 on Thursday after a YouGov poll showed Prime Minister Theresa May could lose control of parliament in Britain's June 8 election, raising the prospect of political turmoil just as formal Brexit talks begin. Other polls, however, show May winning a big majority. In commodities, oil prices attempted to claw back some of the losses posted on Wednesday after an increase in Libyan output helped boost monthly OPEC production for the first time this year. Global benchmark Brent advanced 1.8 percent to $51.21 a barrel after slumping 3 percent on Wednesday. U.S. crude rose 1 percent to $48.82, after plunging 2.7 percent in the previous session. Gold was steady at $1,267.91 an ounce. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < Peacock is national bird because it is celibate: Mahesh Chandra Sharma   Comments   Also Read World 13 soldiers die in helicopter crash in Turkey's southeast: Army World Ten government soldiers killed in Philippines military air strike targeted at Islamist militants: Minister World Canada's defense minister threatens Boeing deal in his speech World CNN fires comedian Kathy Griffin over decapitated Trump photo World Donald Trump campaign likely guided Russians before US election, says Hillary Clinton World Donald Trump to announce decision on Paris climate deal tomorrow < Previous ArticleNext Article > Peacock is national bird because it is celibate: Mahesh Chandra Sharma Live Cricket Score England vs Bangladesh Thu, 1 June 2017, 03:00 PM IST Related From landslide to upset defeat - scenarios for May's UK election North Korea: Kim Jong Un warns of 'bigger gift package' for US after latest test Japan's NSA urges China to play bigger role in restraining North Korea Video Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma WATCH: Priyanka Chopra PROPOSES to Tupac, BEATS up a clown, does the Baywatch run and more.... View all Tags Japan Donald Trump Theresa May Washington Asia-Pacific Bank of America Federal Bureau of Investigation House MSCI Opec South Korea YouGov Britain U. S. Midwest Wall Street Commonwealth Foreign Exchange Federal Bureau Japan Nikkei Omer Esiner South Korea Kospi SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News China limits exports of heavy dredgers over security concerns Fire 'largely put out', scrutiny on to bring down building Labourer killed, two injured as Pakistan violates ceasefire IIT-Madras students hold protest against Centre's ban on cattle sale Navy to court martial officer for molesting girl Sport Indian women's hockey team heads to Shillaroo for national camp Soccer-Ibrahimovic to talk with United, consider rival offers - agent Cricket-Captain Morgan will not rob Roy of England opening spot Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Thursday, June 1 Ramchandra Guha resigns from BCCI's Committee of Administrators Entertainment Kapoor khandaan's OBSESSION with number '8' REVEALED! Patty Jenkins talks 'Thor 2' exit and when films disservice women It was difficult: Gulshan Grover on shooting bold scenes with Katrina Kaif in Boom! Anil Kapoor to play father to beta Harshvardhan in Abhinav Bindra biopic? Michelle Williams joins Amy Schumer in 'I Feel Pretty' Money Reform measures to broaden tax base, cut debt: Moody's C'garh targets 48 lakh ha acreage in kharif season Cardamom futures remain up, gain 3.72 pc on spot demand Govt trying to divert attention from GDP failure: Rahul 'Axis of love': Saudi-Russia detente heralds new oil order Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Sawai Pharmaceutical Completes Acquisition Of Upsher-Smith Laboratories’ Generics Business TOKYO and MINNEAPOLIS, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Sawai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., (Sawai) and Upsher-Smith Laboratories, LLC (Upsher-Smith) today announced that Sawai, a leading Japanese generic pharmaceuticals manufacturer, has successfully completed its acquisition of Upsher-Smith’s generics business. Sawai intends to retain operations in Minnesota and Colorado. As previously announced, the acquisition provides Sawai with an opportunity for growth in the U.S. market where Upsher-Smith has an established, extensive portfolio of quality, high-value generic products. Rusty Field, the current President of Upsher-Smith, will take on the additional role of CEO. Sawai Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. (PRNewsfoto/Upsher-Smith Laboratories, Inc.) „This is a momentous day for both Sawai and Upsher-Smith,” said Mitsuo Sawai, President, Sawai Pharmaceutical Company. „The acquisition of Upsher-Smith adds significantly to our capabilities and supports the acceleration of our vision of becoming a globally recognized generic drug company. Upsher-Smith’s manufacturing and commercial strength, strong distribution network and established relationships combined with Sawai’s research and development capabilities and state-of-the-art manufacturing technology provide the opportunity to further enhance our ability to bring high-quality, high-value generic pharmaceutical products to patients both in Japan and the United States.” Rusty Field, President and CEO, Upsher-Smith added, „This acquisition brings together two closely-aligned companies with similar values. Sawai is one of the largest generic pharmaceutical companies in Japan and Upsher-Smith has an established portfolio of generic products in the United States. This deal represents an energizing growth opportunity for the generics business both in the U.S. and abroad.” Sawai’s financial advisors are Torreya Partners LLC and SMBC Nikko Securities Inc., and legal counsel is Debevoise & Plimpton LLP. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and BMO Capital Markets served as financial advisors to Upsher-Smith on this transaction and Lindquist & Vennum LLP served as the Company’s legal counsel. About Sawai Sawai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. was founded in 1929 by Hanpei and Noyo Sawai as Sawai Pharmacy in Osaka, Japan. The pharmacy was rare in this era and contributed to the health of the local residents by selling drugs. After experiencing a shortage of medicines during the periods before, during and after the Second World War, in order to respond to social needs, Sawai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., began the mass manufacture of pharmaceuticals. In 1965, the company moved into the manufacture of ethical pharmaceuticals, and subsequently grew into a leading company in the generic pharmaceutical industry. Based on its corporate philosophy „It’s always ‚Patients First'”, since 1997 Sawai has been working on improving the recognition of generic drugs through an aggressive marketing campaign. Sawai focuses on the manufacturing and sales, export and import of generic pharmaceutical products. Sawai has a line‐up of around 690 ethical pharmaceuticals, such as cardiovascular drugs, antihyperlipidemic agents, diabetes drugs, anticancer drugs, and OTC drugs. With factories throughout Japan, Sawai is the number one provider of generics to the Japanese market. It listed on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange in 2003 and trades under the 4555 code. For further information please visit: http://www.sawai.co.jp/en/    About Upsher-Smith Upsher-Smith Laboratories, LLC is a trusted U.S. pharmaceutical company that has strived to deliver quality, affordable generic medications for nearly a century. Sawai Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd, a large publicly traded generics company in Japan that had been seeking a promising entry into the U.S. market, recently completed its acquisition of Upsher-Smith. The two companies share a strikingly similar family history and hold many of the same cherished goals and values—most importantly, the philosophy of always putting patients first. For more information, please visit: www.upsher-smith.com.   112537.01    To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sawai-pharmaceutical-completes-acquisition-of-upsher-smith-laboratories-generics-business-300466698.html SOURCE Upsher-Smith Laboratories, LLC Related Links http://www.upsher-smith.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAcquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CUA connecting communities through increased support for School Fun-Run Next PostNext Global Market Study on Digital Commerce Applications: Industry Analysis and Future Forecast Search Recent Posts Cryptocurrency-Fueled Arcade Gaming Platform ZENIgames Announces Official Launch How to Add ‘Glam’ to Your Summer Fun With Chassie Post L’International WELL Building Institute™ presenta il WELL Portfolio™ New book released on Martin Luthers writings by St. Louis scholar Les cadres de SynteractHCR vont souligner l’importance de l’expertise en matière de recherche clinique en faisant des présentations et en assistant à diverses conférences durant le mois de juin Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business Markets Money Real Estate Legal  • Corporate News •  One News Page > Press Releases > JPMorgan Chase Commits $17 Million to Create Skills-Based Summer Jobs for Young Adults JPMorgan Chase Commits $17 Million to Create Skills-Based Summer Jobs for Young Adults Monday, 22 May 2017 (1 week ago) NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--JPMorgan Chase & Co. today announced a $17 million, five-year commitment to U.S. cities working to increase the number of teens with access to quality summer work experiences that put them on a path to greater economic mobility. As part of the firm’s more than $325 million global investment in skills development, this nationwide effort will help equip young people with the skills and experiences they need to succeed and bridge the gap between the demand for summer » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Recent related news ​Cincinnati ranks among top cities for summer jobsCincinnati ranks among the top U.S. cities for summer jobs, according to a new report. With many young adults expected to seek short-term work, the Queen City... bizjournals 1 week ago - Business Spate of store closures puts a wrinkle in summer jobs for teensA summer spent folding and refolding sweaters at the mall was once a teen rite of passage. But as the end of the school year nears, young people hoping to find... ChicagoTribune 1 week ago - Business Airlines for America predicts a robust summer travel seasonIf the Airlines for America (A4A) trade association's figures are on the mark, the skies will be crowded this summer. A4A is predicting a record 234.1 million... bizjournals 1 week ago - Business Travelers take to the skies in greater numbers than everIf the Airlines for America trade association's figures are on the mark, the skies will be crowded this summer. A4A is predicting a record 234.1 million... bizjournals 1 week ago - Business You Might Like Other recent news in Press Releases AB 1227 Receives Full Bi-Partisan Support in CALIFORNIA Assembly – Moves to the Senate McLaren HEALTH CARE Expands Partnership with Premier Inc. Global Payments Announces Full Support for ANDROID PAY in Canada Acorda to Present at the GOLDMAN SACHS Healthcare Conference philbeauty Opens its Door Today - A Well-Established International Beauty Trade Show in the PHILIPPINES Occidental PETROLEUM Appoints Cedric W. Burgher as Chief Financial Officer New Nest Cam IQ Indoor SECURITY CAMERA Knows What to Look for in the Home, Tells You What’s Important Dobot Magician Debuts at GOOGLE I/O 2017 Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. Acquires KERBAL SPACE PROGRAM New JELD-WEN Vinyl WINDOWS and Patio Doors Blend Elegant Views & Value Twitter Facebook Page People Kathy Griffin Mike DeWine Chelsea Clinton Donald Trump LeBron James Current Topics Covfefe Climate Deal Wonder Woman Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales Charity Concert For Manchester Bombing Victims To Take Place This Sunday - And There's Big Stars Involved MOVIE REVIEW: Baywatch Nintendo Shares Hit Their Highest Since 2010 - Is The Switch To Thank? Why Is This Latest McDonald's Commercial Causing Controversy? Forget Pokemon GO - It's Time To Make Your Magikarp Jump Which Popular TV Show Is Getting A Scooby-Doo Crossover? Trump Vows To Punish The Manchester Attack Leaker Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Musk leads CEOs’ full-court Paris press as Trump weighs exit Thursday June 1, 2017 07:38 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Singapore tour agency Misa Travel shuts down under STB orders Envoy: Malaysian students never met Manchester suicide bomber The Edit: Fan Bingbing says may quit acting at the age of 40 The Edit: Help this man fund a ‘wizarding pub’ in London Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk giving a talk at the prestigious TED Conference in Vancouver. — AFP picWASHINGTON, June 1 — As Donald Trump nears a final decision on the Paris climate agreement, top corporate executives are mounting a last-minute push aimed at persuading the president that the US has more to lose from abandoning the accord. The appeals from chief executives such as Tesla Inc’s Elon Musk, Tim Cook of Apple Inc and Dow Chemical Co’s Andrew Liveris come as Trump’s advisers also present him with closing arguments on the potential risks and rewards of remaining a party to the global pact. Trump also got an earful from foreign leaders and Pope Francis urging him to stay in the agreement during his first international trip as president. Cook placed a call to the White House on Tuesday to urge the president to keep the US in the agreement, according to a person familiar with the move. Liveris was the driving force behind a letter from 30 major company executives backing the deal. And Musk tweeted yesterday that he has “done all I can to advise directly to” Trump. If the US leaves Paris, Musk said he would drop participation in White House advisory councils. Corporate leaders “are continuing to try to get through to the White House in any and every way they can,” said Mindy Lubber, president of Ceres, the non-profit sustainability advocacy that works with investors. They “are particularly important stakeholders for this president,” she said. The executives are trying to capitalise on Trump’s “America first” ideology by warning that a withdrawal would put the US at a disadvantage in a global race to develop and deploy clean-energy technology, potentially ceding that market opportunity to China, the world’s top emitter of greenhouse gas emissions. A television advertisement that began running yesterday cites 10 of “America’s biggest CEOs,” including JPMorgan Chase & Co’s Jamie Dimon and General Electric Co’s Jeffrey Immelt, as backing the climate pact “because it will benefit American manufacturing and generate jobs.” Trump tweeted yesterday that he would announce his decision on the Paris accord “over the next few days.” He later told reporters he was hearing from many people on both sides of the issue. While Trump is leaning toward exiting the pact, according to people familiar with the White House deliberations, the situation remained fluid amid intense last-minute lobbying. The people requested anonymity because Trump’s decision has not yet been officially announced. It was unclear yesterday whether the corporate appeals would have much influence. Asked about Musk’s threat to forfeit his role on several of Trump’s advisory councils, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer noted “the president has a lot of people who he gets a lot of input from.” “Let’s wait and see what the president’s decision is,” Spicer said. Twenty-five companies, including Intel Corp, Microsoft Corp and PG&E Corp, have signed on to a letter set to run as a full-page advertisement in the New York Times and Wall Street Journal today arguing in favour of the climate pact, and warning of potential “retaliatory measures” by other nations. “By expanding markets for innovative clean technologies, the agreement generates jobs and economic growth,” the open letter says. “US companies are well positioned to lead in these markets. Withdrawing from the agreement will limit our access to them and could expose us to retaliatory measures.” Some companies that favour continued US involvement in the deal stand to benefit directly from greater worldwide demand for lower-emitting energy sources, such as natural gas and renewable power. For instance, natural gas producers Exxon Mobil Corp, Royal Dutch Shell Plc and BP Plc have endorsed the pact, as has Cheniere Energy Inc, which exports liquefied natural gas. Not all corporations are in line on the Paris agreement. Some coal producers, including Murray Energy Corp, oppose the pact. Robert E Murray, the founder and chief executive officer of the mining company, told Bloomberg Television on Tuesday that Trump has a responsibility to fulfill his campaign pledges and jettison the agreement. The president should “listen to those who voted for him,” Murray said. Environmentalists are hoping the corporate advocacy will have more influence with the president, as they haven’t been able to get traction. “It’s up to world leaders and responsible companies like Apple and Tesla to use whatever influence they have with Trump while they can,” said Travis Nichols, a spokesman for Greenpeace USA. “Withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement would turn America from a global climate leader into a global climate deadbeat. These companies are on the right side of history.” — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week British pound in thrall to election projections as market jitters rise Malaysia slowly winning battle against forex speculators Malaysia’s manufacturing output slides after four-month rebound Asian stocks follow Wall Street's negative lead, sterling slips on election fears Uber's finance head leaves, company's quarterly loss narrows EPF investment income jumps 73.9pc to RM11.79b in 2017 first quarter Ringgit jumps on Opec, yuan at three-month high, other Asian currencies drift Meet Li Shufu, the man who dared buy Proton 1MDB probe: MAS fines Credit Suisse, UOB, seeks more trading bans (VIDEO) AirAsia's Fernandes says 'foolish' not to consider C919 (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: Russia fires missiles at Islamic State targets Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Musk to quit advisory panels if Trump withdraws from climate deal (VIDEO) Tesla’s Model X misses out on America’s voracious SUV hunger (VIDEO) Apple products too many for a table but still add growth Apple to create US$1b advanced US manufacturing fund Elon Musk teases future plans at TED talk Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age Business Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News AFL Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Sport Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets Live Live Save Print License article Markets Live: Wesfarmers hit by downgrade Patrick Commins and Jens Meyer 262 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Shares trade flat as strong gains in utilities and industrials are offset by falls in miners and Wesfarmers, while the Aussie dollar remains under pressure following soft Chinese manufacturing data. Amazon will sting Wesfarmers more than investors realise, says Morgan Stanley In local data: retail sales get a Queensland boost, while Q1 capex doesn't shrink The Caixin manufacturing PMI drops below 50, contradicting official numbers Don't bet against the yuan: China's currency jumps after months of calm Live updates Sort posts by Newest Oldest 4:49pm Here's an interesting chart to mull before we close the blog. Thanks for reading and posting comments - we'll be back tomorrow from 9am. 4:46pm Shares see-sawed throughout the session before finishing in the black, after soft Chinese manufacturing data clashed with solid local retail sales growth. Investors bought up utilities and healthcare stocks, while Wesfarmers weighed on consumer staples and a dip in the oil price saw energy names sold off.  The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index and the broader All Ordinaries Index each finishing up 0.2 per cent to 5738.1 points and 5772.5 points respectively.  "There's nothing really strong giving investors conviction at the moment," said James Gerrish, senior investment adviser at Shaw & Partners.  "But investors are likely to keep watching the iron ore price; that will definitely influence sentiment in the near term." A slide in the iron ore spot price to an eight-month low of $US57.02 weighed on the resource giants; BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto were off 0.7 per cent and 1.7 per cent respectively. Fortescue Metals was off 3.7 per cent. Dalian iron ore futures were down 3.8 per cent at 422 yuan ($US62) in late afternoon trade, pointing to a further drop in the spot price. There was mixed buying in the big four banks, though they all ultimately closed down, with Westpac's 0.7 per cent fall leading the way. Wesfarmers shares slumped 3.1 per cent to $41.37 after Morgan Stanley downgraded the stock, warning the conglomerate's retail businesses are more exposed to Amazon than category killers JB Hi-Fi and Super Retail Group. Despite the gloom surrounding the retail sector thanks to disappointing consumer spending figures, a surprise uptick in retail sales saw the likes of JB Hi-Fi finish up 0.4 per cent while Myer jumped 2.3 per cent. 4:32pm Major investors have put US industry on notice that climate change matters, even as reports emerged that President Donald Trump plans to withdraw the US from the Paris accord to fight global warming. A number of large institutional fund firms including BlackRock, the world's largest asset manager, supported a shareholder resolution calling on ExxonMobil to share more information about how new technologies and climate change regulations could impact the business of the world's largest publicly traded oil company. The proposal won the support of 62.3 per cent of votes cast. The victory, on such a wide margin, was hailed by climate activists as a turning point in their decades-long campaign to get oil and gas companies to communicate how they would adapt to a low-carbon economy. With big investors now seeing climate change as a major risk, activists said US corporations will have to be more transparent about the impact of a warming planet even if the United States withdraws from the 2015 Paris climate accord, as Trump promised during his presidential campaign. "Economic forces are outrunning any other considerations," said Anne Simpson, investment director for sustainability at the California Public Employees' Retirement System, one of the sponsors of the resolution. She credited big investors in Exxon for the change, since at least some of them switched their votes after last year when a similar measure won just 38 per cent support. "We have seen a sea change in their viewpoint," she said. Many top investors now consider their votes on shareholder proposals "on merit, rather than considering it a test of loyalty to management," she said. Among Exxon's top investors, Vanguard Group and BlackRock opposed last year's call for climate change reporting. A spokeswoman for Vanguard, which has about 7 per cent of Exxon's shares, declined to comment on its voting this year. A person familiar with the matter said funds run by BlackRock, which holds about 6 per cent of Exxon shares, voted in favour of the climate resolution. The investment firms' approach reflects a new interest in climate matters among their own investors, who have stuffed money into so-called "green" mutual funds and other vehicles that use environmental factors in their stockpicking. 'Sea change in the viewpoint of big investors.' Photo: Michael Nagle 4:12pm Cocoa prices have soared amid signs of tighter supplies in Ivory Coast, the world's top grower, raising prospects that chocolate costs will climb. July futures jumped as much as 6.8 per cent, the most ever for the contract. Farmers in West Africa are already locking in more forward sales for next year's crop than traders were expecting, a sign that supplies from the current harvest are beginning to ebb. The outlook for tighter supplies marks a shift for the market that's been suffering from a global surplus. The overhang pushed prices down 32 per cent over the past 12 months, helping to lower some retail costs for chocolate. The treats may not stay cheap for long, or at least that's what hedge funds are signalling. Money managers have backed away from their bearish cocoa bets for three straight weeks, US government data show. On ICE Futures US, cocoa for July delivery added 6.6 per cent to settle at $US2037 a metric ton on Tuesday in New York. Aggregate trading was about 70 per cent higher than the 100-day average for the time of day, data compiled by Bloomberg show. Prices are rebounding after reaching their lowest levels in almost 10 years in April. The end of cheap chocolate? Cocoa futures have soared the most on record. Photo: AP 3:35pm In a particularly gloomy view of the economy, NAB is predicting the GDP shrunk in the first quarter and even sees a - slight - chance of a technical recession. If NAB is right, it would be the second contraction in three quarters, following the strong growth of 1.1 per cent in Q4 2016 and decline of 0.5 per cent in Q3 of 2016.  The year-ended rate of growth would slow to 1.3 per cent y/y, the weakest rate since the third quarter of 2009, during the GFC, the bank forecasts. Most economists are still predicting decent growth for next week's GDP numbers, with a recent Bloomberg survey pointing to a 0.6 per cent rise in first-quarter GDP. "While some of the contraction has undoubtedly been driven by the weather and other one-offs (as in Q3 last year), the question for next week will be whether the slowdown includes signal as well as noise, and implies a more fundamental economic slowdown," NAB chief economist Alan Oster writes in a note to clients. Oster is particularly worried about the slowdown in household consumption, which comes amid poor wages and household income growth. "Should this continue, it is unlikely that forecasts of 3 per cent and more growth from Treasury and the RBA will be met in the near term, particularly when LNG exports start to flatten off from 2018 (although it will support growth outcomes for the remainder of 2017)," he says. "The fall in dwelling construction this quarter suggests some risk that the dwelling construction cycle has peaked a little earlier than expected, although weather is also a likely factor and it's more likely to suggest a more elongated cycle." NAB's forecasts assume some further (modest) growth in 2017 before peaking in 2018.  Oster warns there is the small possibility of a negative GDP print in the second quarter - which would take Australia into technical recession - given the hit to coal exports from Cyclone Debbie, but he says there should be enough offset from LNG exports and government spending to keep GDP in the black.  Despite NAB's forecasts being considerably gloomier than the RBA's, Oster expects the central bank to remain on hold. NAB reckons the economy shrunk in the first quarter.  Back to top 2:53pm One of the world's last havens for fund managers is coming under siege. In Australia's $2.8 trillion fund industry, managers who rely on human judgement to pick investments have so far withstood the global onslaught of passive offerings. They've done so in part by cutting fees below those in other large markets. The billions flowing in from the superannuation system have helped, too. It may not be enough. Giants like BlackRock and Vanguard, encouraged by the past years' global shift towards passive investments, are homing in on Australia with commissions active managers can't hope to match. And as beating benchmarks becomes harder, the industry is discovering that super funds' largesse has its limits. Against that backdrop, the chief investment officer of the $130 billion Future Fund has some advice for managers."They have to confront the new reality," Raphael Arndt said in a speech last month, urging them to take a "long hard look" at themselves. Arndt argued that what the "free kick" from rising asset prices was coming to an end and investors had become too sophisticated to pay a premium for benchmark-tracking returns. Here's more Are the good times ending for Aussie fundies?  Photo: Jessica Shapiro 2:20pm New apartment sales in Brisbane have collapsed by more than 70 per cent in a year, according to analysts Urbis' latest market report. The rapid contraction in the apartment market saw just 302 sales in the March quarter down 37 per cent on the previous quarter and well down from the 1032 sales in the previous corresponding period last year. The results reflect a range of problems including tighter and more expensive financing for both buyers and developers and taxes on foreign buyers. There are also suggestions of oversupply. Urbis associate director of property economics and research Paul Riga said that fewer sales were expected with the first quarter of the year traditionally lagging. "This quarter we saw some survey results which the market didn't anticipate, in addition to others we knew were coming," Riga said. He said that although sales had dropped away there had also been a reduction in supply. Some apartment projects in Brisbane are settling well despite an overall trend of fewer sales.  Photo: Supplied 1:38pm A few economist reactions to today's surprisingly strong retail sales numbers and so-so capex data: Retail data overstates household health, says Paul Dales, Capital Economics: The private capital expenditure survey for the first quarter showed that mining investment is becoming a smaller drag on GDP growth, while the leap in retail sales in April overstates the health of households. There's no escaping the fact that the outlook for business investment remains weak. We estimate that GDP rose by just 0.2% q/q in the first quarter and that it will struggle to rise by 2.0% during this year as a whole. Citi's Josh Williamson thinks the retail surge is a one-off: We suspect these rises were partly from stronger Easter related trading. We don't look for a repeat in May though. Mortgage lending restrictions and higher mortgage interest rates point to some pressure on household goods retailing. We also point out that the very strong retail sales growth in QLD could partly be explained by households re-stocking food and some durable items following the floods that affected around 20,000 homes in late March. Q1 capex but the outlook is better, ANZ's Daniel Gradwell says: The fall in plant and equipment spending is a particularly soft result, and will weigh on next week's Q1 GDP data. Firms' expectations for 2017-18 suggest that the mining sector has further to fall, while the non-mining investment outlook eased but continues to suggest moderate growth is in store. Converting elevated levels of business conditions and confidence into investment activity remains a challenge. NAB's Tapas Strickland sees downside risks to Q1 GDP growth: The non-mining investment outlook for 2017/18 failed to lift further, while flat equipment investment in the quarter presents downside risks to Q1 GDP with the strong likelihood of a flat or slightly negative GDP outcome on June 7. The lack of a lift in the non-mining components of the survey will be discouraging for the RBA, which has been patiently awaiting a lift in non-mining investment intentions in the data. CBA's Gareth Aird sees some capex rise ahead: The soft business credit growth of late suggested that non‑mining investment intentions were unlikely to be upgraded in today's capex survey. The NAB Business Survey continues to suggest a lift in investment is forthcoming. But we think the softness in consumer demand is holding investment back. Fortunately there is a decent amount of public capex to come because the outlook for private investment remains weak.   1:18pm Pimco has a message for investors: it's time to stop taking the markets for granted. Investors have become too complacent and monetary, fiscal, trade and geopolitical risks abound, Pimco's Richard Clarida, Andrew Balls and Dan Ivascyn said in a report issued overnight. There's a 70 per cent chance of a recession in the next five years, they said. "We believe that many market participants today are too relaxed, that medium-term risks are building and that investors should consider using cyclical rallies to build cash to deploy when markets eventually correct - and possibly overshoot - as risks are repriced," the executives said in Pimco's annual "Secular Outlook" for the next three to five years. Pimco's forecast is being issued as stock markets reach record highs, the US economic recovery enters its ninth year and Donald Trump's election has spurred optimism for pro-business reforms. "One thing that's happened is all asset classes are 10 or 15 per cent more expensive than they were a year ago," Clarida said. "So a lot of good news is already priced in." Downside risks for the economic outlook since last year include reduced prospects for China's growth rate, which may slow to 5.5 per cent from the current pace of 6.5 per cent, and the eurozone, which is likely to average 1.25 per cent over next five years, Pimco said. US growth is likely to continue at 2 per cent. Inflation will likely be 2 per cent on average and the Federal funds rate will be at 2 per cent to 3 per cent, they said. Of real concern for the global outlook is that policymakers are "driving without a spare tire" because of limited tools - caused by big balance sheets and low- or negative-interest rates - to deal with a recession. "Policy measures may not be sufficient to counter the next downturn, whenever it materialises," the report said. Central banks don't have much juice left to deal with the next downturn. Photo: Seth Wenig 12:44pm NSW will double its foreign investors stamp duty surcharge to 8 per cent as part of a series of tax changes designed to make housing more affordable for Australian residents, according to the AFR. The annual land tax surcharge on foreign home owners will also increase to 2 per cent from the existing 0.75 per cent. The NSW government is also poised to widen access to its first-home buyers bonus, offering it to buyers of existing stock rather than just new homes. NSW Premier Gladys Berejiklian is expected to announce more details after a cabinet meeting today, the AFR reports. NSW hands down its budget on June 20. Berejiklian made improving housing affordability one of her top priorities when she came to office in January and appointed former Reserve Bank governor Glenn Stevens as an adviser on the package which cabinet is now considering.  NSW Premier Gladys Berejiklian says housing affordability is her top priority. Photo: Nick Moir Back to top 12:24pm A few reactions (and charts) on Twitter to today's local data: Aus Apr retail sales +1%mom/3.1%yoy, driven by dept stores,food,cafe. All ok? Could be Easter related noise here. Trend is soft,just 0.1%mom pic.twitter.com/suGiLPwNe8— Shane Oliver (@ShaneOliverAMP) June 1, 2017 A pleasant surprise from retail trade. Up 1.0% in April, following soft recent activity, to be 3.1% higher over the year #ausbiz pic.twitter.com/lMW9Kz5U78— Callam Pickering (@CallamPickering) June 1, 2017 NSW retail up just 0.1%. But Qld, up 2.4%, after five consecutive negative months. Must have bought up lots of Qld league jumpers...— Shane Wright (@swrightwestoz) June 1, 2017 Q1 CAPEX: could be concerning that the recovery in non-mining investment in NSW & Victoria appears to be losing momentum #ausecon #ausbiz pic.twitter.com/gYcwkW0DbN— Alex Joiner (@IFM_Economist) June 1, 2017 Update - AUDUSD drops half a cent from the highs, dips under 0.7400 for first time since 17 May. GDP on Wed not shaping up well pic.twitter.com/U3TWAFVAqi— Sean Callow (@seandcallow) June 1, 2017 Capital expenditure is expected to fall 12 per cent in 2016-17 and a further 11 per cent in 2017-18 #ausbiz pic.twitter.com/ufe6t87CoU— Callam Pickering (@CallamPickering) June 1, 2017 Australian CAPEX intentions for 2018 disappoint - still falling driven by ongoing weakness in mining & manufacturing investment. pic.twitter.com/I4ylvRlA7V— Robert Rennie (@R0bertRennie) June 1, 2017 11:57am Well, the lift in sentiment thanks to some decent local economic data didn't last very long. Along came some soft Chinese manufacturing numbers and the gains in the Aussie dollar faded as fast as they had accumulated, while shares have slipped back into the red. The private Caixin survey of purchasing managers in the manufacturing sector fell to 49.6 in May, from 50.3 in April and below expectations of 50.1. It also slipped below the crucial 50 threshold, separating growth from contraction in the sector. The first contraction in the Caixin index in 11 months comes a day after official data showed a surprise strengthening in the sector. The Caixin report tends to focus on smaller firms which are not believed to be benefiting as much from a construction boom as large state-owned companies and industries such as steel mills. The divergence may suggest that much of China's recent economic strength remains strongly dependent on heavy industry and continued government stimulus, with other sectors facing more challenging business conditions. "China's manufacturing sector has come under greater pressure in May and the economy is clearly on a downward trajectory," Zhengsheng Zhong, director of macroeconomic analysis at CEBM Group, said in a note accompanying the Caixin survey. 11:38am Today's big economic data releases are out and there's no big disappointment for a change. Retail sales jumped 1 per cent in April, thanks to a 2.4 per cent jump in Queensland, and easily outpacing expectations of a 0.3 per cent overall rise, following March's soggy 0.2 per cent contraction. #Australia Retail Sales month-on-month at 1% https://t.co/WLlNlIwGAO pic.twitter.com/uOHcQGUKRw— Trading Economics (@tEconomics) June 1, 2017 And private investment spending actually rose for a change, albeit not quite as much as hoped for. First-quarter capex increased by 0.3 per cent - economists had tipped 0.5 per cent - following the previous quarter's 1 per cent contraction. The closely followed estimate for capex in the next financial year was lifted to $85.4 billion. That's up from the previous estimate of $80.6 billion - but still just half of the $166.8 billion invested at the peak of the mining boom in 2012-13. The Aussie dollar jumped about a quarter of a cent on the data, to the day's high of US74.47¢. Capital expenditure in the mining sector rose modestly in the March quarter - the first quarterly rise since the June quarter 2014 #ausbiz pic.twitter.com/ys5irKazEb— Callam Pickering (@CallamPickering) June 1, 2017 11:30am China is dishing out a tough lesson to currency traders and strategists alike: don't bet against the yuan. The currency has jumped to its highest level in seven months offshore, soaring as much as 1.1 per cent yesterday alone, despite analyst forecasts for declines this quarter. And today, China's central bank set the yuan midpoint at 6.8090 per US dollar, lifting it 543 pips from the previous day's rate to its strongest level since November 10. The appreciation of the daily reference rate, a 0.8 percent move, was its biggest one-day strengthening since January. Surging interbank rates are squeezing bears by driving up the cost of short positions. The rally, which broke months of calm against the US dollar, came on the heels of an unwelcome credit-rating downgrade from Moody's. China made its displeasure clear, calling the move "absolutely groundless." The central bank had already been battling pessimistic traders by repeatedly strengthening the daily fixing, while an opaque change to the setting announced Friday added to the complexity of betting on future movements. "The Moody's downgrade and a weaker spot rate compared to the fixing could have spurred the authorities to change the fixing mechanism and potentially intervene in the market," said Jason Daw, head of emerging-market currency strategy at Societe Generale. The onshore yuan gained 0.6 percent to 6.8134 per dollar in Shanghai on Wednesday, after fluctuating in a narrow band around 6.9 for most of this year. The rate in Hong Kong extended its advance since Moody's rating change on May 24 to about 1.8 per cent. Analysts are scrambling to adjust to the shift. Credit Agricole scrapped a forecast of 7.25 per US dollar that's been in place since December, replacing it on Tuesday with a year-end level of 7.05. ANZ strengthened its end-2017 target to 6.95 from 7.10. Don't bet against the yuan. Photo: Ng Han Guan 11:08am  The Australian dollar is set to decline more than 6 per cent to around the "high 60s" level versus the greenback as the country loses its yield advantage over the US, according to Goldman Sachs Asset Management. Australia's interest-rate premium to the US will evaporate by the middle of next year as the Federal Reserve continues to tighten policy while the RBA keeps its benchmark at 1.5 per cent, said Philip Moffitt, Asia-Pacific head of fixed income at the investment manager. The Aussie has declined almost 3 per cent this quarter, underperforming its Group-of-10 peers. It's currently trading at US74.20¢. "One of the reasons why people buy Aussie dollars is it has been a relatively high yielder," said Moffitt. "That's changing. More exposure to China, no rate movement here and rate convergence with the US suggest the Aussie will go lower." The extra yield that Australia's 10-year bonds offer over similar-maturity Treasuries has dropped to just 18 basis points, near a 16-year low reached last week. The last time the gap was consistently that narrow was in 2001, when the Aussie touched its post-float low of US47.76¢.  But ANZ head of forex research Daniel Been noted that at the time the bursting of the internet bubble had led to a rush out of riskier assets, punishing the Aussie more than other currencies. "We do not think that the current narrowing in spreads can, in isolation, drive the AUD back below US70¢," Been said in a note to clients yesterday. "The evolution of global liquidity and the reaction of risk markets will be the key determinant," he said, tipping the Aussie will hold above US70¢. Still, hedge funds and other large speculators have unwound almost all of their bullish Aussie wagers, slashing them to the lowest since January, US Commodity Futures Trading Commission data show. Prices of iron ore have tumbled 27 per cent this year as concerns flare over the outlook for burgeoning global supply and a potential slowdown in demand in China, the largest user. The RBA is hamstrung. While it needs to support a weak jobs market, red-hot housing in Sydney and Melbourne constrains it from deploying its already limited rate ammunition. In the meantime, the Fed is set to raise rates at least two more times this year, Moffitt said. "It's quite likely that in 12 months Aussie short rates and US short rates could be basically the same level as the Fed tightens and the RBA does nothing," Moffitt said. "That's going to be a hard environment for the Aussie dollar to be strong." Goldman's Philip Moffitt reckons the Aussie will soon trade with a 60-s handle, but ANZ is more upbeat. Photo: Brendon Thorne Back to top 10:45am Wesfarmers shares have slumped after Morgan Stanley downgraded the stock, warning the conglomerate's retail businesses are more exposed to Amazon than category killers JB Hi-Fi and Super Retail Group. The broker predicted Wesfarmers could lose $400 million in earnings to the online behemoth by 2026. Morgan Stanley's retail team, led by Tom Kierath, says the market has failed to understand the impact of Amazon's arrival in Australia on Wesfarmers' discount department stores, Kmart and Target, which are likely to be harder hit by Amazon's low prices and speedy deliveries than specialist retailers. While shares in JB Hi-Fi and Super Retail Group have fallen 17 per cent and 26 per cent respectively this year because of the Amazon threat, Wesfarmers shares were up 1.3 per cent before this morning's selloff. Shares are currently down more than 4 per cent to $40.99. "We believe that Wesfarmers' department store businesses Kmart and Target are particularly susceptible as Amazon rolls out its first party product and its Prime offer," said Kierath. While Amazon is yet to release details of its Australian product range, pricing or its Prime offer, the investment bank believes it will be similar to that in other developed countries such as the US, UK and Italy, and that Amazon will generate sales of $12 billion in Australia by 2026. Morgan Stanley expects a soft launch by the end of 2017, local fulfillment starting during 2018, and the gradual rollout of products starting with physical media, electronics then apparel, with dry groceries, fresh food and auto parts taking longer. "Based on our estimates for Amazon share gains and incremental margins, we see Wesfarmers losing $400 million in EBIT by 2026 and have lowered our valuations for Kmart, Target and Bunnings," Kierath said. Morgan Stanley downgraded its rating on Wesfarmers to underweight from equal weight after cutting earnings per share forecasts by 1 per cent in 2017 to 10 per cent in 2020. The investment bank also slashed its share price target to $36 from $41, with a 'bear' case of $30. Morgan Stanley reckons the market is underestimating the impact of Amazon's arrival on Wesfarmers. Photo: Supplied 10:31am The sharemarket is once again struggling for direction in early trade, disguising some bigger moves in individual stocks. The ASX has started the month flat, trading at 5724.3 as gains in utilities and healthcare are offset by losses in consumer staples and miners.  A further slide in oil prices underpinned concerns about valuations and the global outlook, traders said. The biggest drag on the benchmark index comes from Wesfarmers, which has plunged 3.1 per cent following a downgrade by Morgan Stanley. The big miners are also on the back foot after falls in major commodity prices overnight, which have pulled BHP down 1.1 per cent, Rio 1.7 per cent and Fortescue 3.4 per cent. The big banks are all trading slightly lower, while energy stocks are also under pressure. Rates-sensitive utilities and healthcare stocks are doing better, following a dip in global bond yields overnight. Transurban is continuing its rebound, rising 1.3 per cent and Sydney Airport is up 1.2 per cent.  Industrials are also mostly higher, led by a 2.8 per cent rise in Amcor and a 1.7 per cent gain in Brambles. 10:15am House prices have fallen in Sydney and Melbourne but experts warn it is too early to call a housing downturn.  Over the month of May, Sydney house prices fell 1.3 per cent and Melbourne's prices dropped 1.7 per cent, according to Corelogic's latest Hedonic Home Value Index.  Hobart's prices also fell, by 4.8 per cent, but Brisbane prices were largely flat. All up, national house prices fell 1.1 per cent, driven mainly by the declines in Sydney and Melbourne, Corelogic said.  But more than a month's data was required to establish a fundamental shift towards a cooling, especially given past market performances in late 2015 and 2016, when prices dipped but rebounded much higher following a cash rate cut, experts said.   "I wouldn't be surprised if things bounce back," Corelogic head of research Tim Lawless said.  "When a market moves through a inflection point, there wil be some up's and down's. The trend is showing a slowing down, but the jury is still out on whether the market is moving through a peak." 9:57am on 1 Jun 2017 SPONSORED POST IG strategist Chris Weston is hoping that a new month will breathe new life into financial markets: We open the page on the month of June and I for one hope we can break this malaise in markets, with either an upside break or at least a reasonable pullback in global equities to attract new money and fresh life into the markets. There will be a reasonable amount of event risk to work through, not just with UK elections (8 June), with the ramifications of that event seemingly contained to UK assets, but key central bank meetings from the European Central Bank (also 8 June) and Federal Reserve (14 June). Locally, we get Q1 GDP (7 June) and that in itself will get a fair bit of attention and while we get a major contribution to that data point today with Q1 CAPEX, there are calls for the quarter to yield very subdued activity. Of course we will keep a focus on all things Trump too, and his approval rating given the USD's correlation with that and there has been some focus, not just on Trump reportedly making his decision to pull out of the Paris climate accord (Source: Axios), but there have been numerous reports that former FBI Director James Comey will testify next week, as early as Thursday. Either way, the stage has been set for Asia on the first day of the month is to start on a drab, yet somewhat negative start. We see oil price trading heavy, yet, once again buying support has kicked into the 17 May lows of $US48.35. This level clearly needs to hold and so far it is, and buyers have stepped in thanks to a huge 8.7 and 1.7 million draw respectively in the API private inventory report. In the short-term much will now hinge on tonight's (01:00 aest) Department of Energy weekly inventory report. We are also staring at real weakness in the bulk commodities too, with spot iron ore closing 2.5% lower at $57.02, while iron ore, steel and coking coal futures closed 3.2%, 2.4% and 2.9% lower respectively. Iron ore futures look like a short sellers dream right now and the technical set-up looks about as bearish as you will see. It's amazing to see BHP's American Depository Receipt only down 0.9%, although if you focus on Vale's US-listing (as a read through for the lines of AGO and FMG etc) it closed down 4.5%. Copper and gold seem like good places to be invested today, if in the commodity space. Here's more 9:47am on 1 Jun 2017 ANZ says its core equity tier one capital ratio will take a hit of 26 basis points, after the banking regulator completed a review of its risk weighting system. But with ANZ in a strong capital position after asset sales, the bank says this will not require any additional capital management action. Risk weightings are models that determine how much capital banks must set aside when lending, and there is a global move to make these weightings less generous to the largest lenders such as the big four. ANZ said APRA had finished its review of ANZ's model, and it would be using a risk weight of slightly over 28.5 per cent for its Australian home loan book. That effectively means ANZ can assume that when it lends out $100 to a home loan buyer, only $28.50 is at risk. This is separate from APRA's looming decision on what exactly is meant by "unquestionably strong," an official target for the banks set by the Financial System Inquiry, which could require banks to raise yet more capital. ANZ says it won't need to raise capital. Photo: Louise Kennerley Back to top Search pagination Current page Live Article Posts1 Next Live Article Posts2 Share via Email Post on facebook wall Share on Google Plus Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit 1 new post(s) available. View post(s) Dismiss Advertisement 104 comments Comment are now closed Sort comments by Oldest Newest HuffPost Australia The HR Industry Is At Risk Of ... Contains: External link Drug Testing Of Welfare Clients Found ... Contains: External link Most Popular 'Perfect storm': House prices fall for first time in 18 months 'I don't remember doing it': Passengers tell how they tackled would-be bomber Ex-maths teacher sued over $95m concert ticket fraud Bomb threat man had just been released from psychiatric care Flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tried to enter cockpit Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tried to enter cockpit 'I don't remember doing it': Passengers tell how they tackled would-be bomber Bomb threat man had just been released from psychiatric care 'Perfect storm': House prices fall for first time in 18 months John McGrath bursts property bubble 'myth' The Age Surgeon in critical condition after 'terrible' hospital assault Flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tried to enter cockpit 'The devil's after our kids': Court's second serve An open letter from Martina Navratilova: Time to rename Margaret Court Arena Furious finance lecturer charges $1000 for eaten card The Sydney Morning Herald Flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tried to enter cockpit An open letter from Martina Navratilova: Time to rename Margaret Court Arena Premier unveils housing affordability fixes 'The devil's after our kids': Court's second serve Bus passengers travel for free as drivers declare 'fare-free day' Brisbane Times With 555 rooms but no resident car park, why did council approve it? Priest allegedly wrestled altar boy naked Someone is about to find out they've won $40m on Oz Lotto 'He's homeless and that's his fault': Woman fined for throwing food and punching rough sleeper With champions missing, Queensland exposed as mortals Canberra Times ACT school suspends student for having 'dangerous' opinion Public servants should be forced to move or face sack: LNP senator Snow expected over Canberra next week as winter hits Flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tried to enter cockpit DFAT chops cable TV, outfit subsidies for diplomats WA Today How the boom changed Perth: our new identity revealed 'It's Colin from Cottesloe': Former Premier breaks silence after calling radio station Surgeon in critical condition after 'terrible' hospital assault WA schools crackdown on unhealthy food A father's fight: Perth boy's life saving surgery delayed Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Tesla hits new all-time highs while market flat-lines >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Why Bank of America Corp (BAC), Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) and iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks KORS, IRBT and BAC stock could win for losing on this week's hump day By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  May 31, 2017, 4:48 pm EDT Get BAC alerts: Submit     Popular Posts: 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock on Any Good-Sized Dip Recent Posts: Why Bank of America Corp (BAC), Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) and iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks 3 Reasons This S&P 500 Rally Was Never Going to Get Traction Why ENSCO PLC (ESV), Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) and Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks View All Posts Despite the rocky start to Wednesday’s action, the bulls managed to partially regroup today and close some of the gap. By the time the closing bell rang, the S&P 500 was well off its low of 2,403.59 to end the day at 2,411.80. That was only 0.05% lower than Wednesday’s close. Not every name was able to stage such a mid-day recovery, however. iRobot Corporation (NASDAQ:IRBT), Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (NYSE:KORS) and Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC) were all fighting losing battles. Here’s what investors need to know about each setback. Bank of America Corp (BAC) BAC wasn’t the banking sector’s biggest loser on Wednesday, rather JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) was; and JPMorgan was arguably the biggest reason behind the its downfall. BAC and JPM are regarded as interchangeable, and when one gets sick, it infects the other. The illness was trading revenue, or lack thereof. For the quarter-to-date, JPMorgan’s stock and bond trading activity is down 15% compared to where it was at this point in the same quarter a year earlier. Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan said at the very same industry conference that his company’s trading revenue was only down between 10% and 12% for the quarter so far, adding that the year-ago tally was an unusually high bar to use as a benchmark. Investors weren’t sympathetic though, sending JPM down to the tune of 2.1%, and sending BofA shares 1.9% lower. Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) As a not-so-gentle reminder that retailing continues to be a tough business, Michael Kors Holdings shares tumbled 8.5% today following a fiscal fourth-quarter report that topped expectations but was packaged with a dismal outlook. For the quarter ending in March, luxury apparel and accessory name turned $1.06 billion worth of revenue into a profit of 73 cents per share, beating expectations of $1.05 billion in sales and earnings of 70 cents per share of KORS. The company also said, however, it would be closing at least 100 of its stores to abate what was characterized by some as a “catastrophic” decline in sales. Revenue was down 11% for the quarter in question. GlobalData Retail’s CEO Neil Saunders commented: “In truth, ranges and collections lack oomph and definition, and across many established stores levels of service and merchandising are lackluster. In short, the brand is nowhere near where it needs to be if it wants to excite and inspire consumers.” iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Last but not least, robot manufacturer iRobot was downgraded today, pulling the rug out from underneath the stock. Don’t read too much into the analyst action though. It may have been more of a call to take some tidy profits than an assessment of the company’s future. Canaccord Genuity did the deed, lowering its stance on IRBT to a “Hold”, while simultaneously lowering its target price to $90. Of course, with the stock up nearly 70% since the end of 2016 and up by almost 160% over the course of the past twelve months, it’s tough to imagine there being much more upside left. That said, Canaccord is also worried about a lack of new game-changing robots in iRobot’s pipeline. By the time all the dust settled, IRBT shares were down 7.1%. As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/irobot-corporation-irbt-michael-kors-holdings-ltd-kors-bank-america-corp-bac-three-todays-worst-stocks/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Boring Stocks Investors Can Buy for Red-Hot Returns 7 Troubled Energy Stocks That Are Due for More Pain 3 Short Squeeze Stocks to Buy Before Summer Starts 4 Retail Stocks to Buy That Aren’t Amazon Buy Fitbit Stock for the Turnaround 10 High-Tech Graduation Gifts for 2017 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns 7 Troubled Energy Stocks That Are Due for More Pain 3 Short Squeeze Stocks to Buy Before Summer Starts 4 Retail Stocks to Buy That Aren’t Amazon Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is on the Verge of a Meltdown Most Popular 5 Stocks to Sell in June 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts The 3 Best Marijuana Stocks to Buy 3 Active Vanguard Funds That You Can’t Ignore 4 Under-the-Radar Defense Stocks to Buy for Big, Showy Profits 7 F-Rated Stocks to Abandon Immediately Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Tesla hits new all-time highs while market flat-lines >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Stocks Drift Lower as Bank Stocks Plummet Yet Nasdaq remains on a winning streak totalling seven months May 31, 2017, 5:17 pm EDT  |  By Anthony Mirhaydari, InvestorPlace Market Strategist Get AMZN alerts: Submit     U.S. equities moved lower in relatively quiet trading on Wednesday as bank and energy stocks weakened. Bank stocks were hit by worries over trading revenues and the net interest margin pressure for a flattening yield curve. Energy names were pushed lower as crude oil weakened on reports of weakening compliance by OPEC nations in their recently extended output freeze agreement. Big names in both sectors are now at risk of significant downside support breaks, setting up further losses in the days to come. In the end, the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.1%, the S&P 500 lost 0.1%, the Nasdaq Composite gave back 0.1% and the Russell 2000 ended the day 0.1% lower. Treasury bonds climbed higher, the dollar was broadly weaker, gold gained 0.8% and oil fell 2.7%. Breadth was mixed to slightly negative, with 1.1 decliners to every advancer on the Nasdaq. NYSE volume was extremely heavy — suggestive of distribution, a negative sign — with 1,433 million shares traded representing 168% of the 30-day average in the most active day of trading since March 17. Defensive utility stocks led the way with a 0.5% gain while financials and energy were the laggards down 0.8% and 0.4%, respectively. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) fell 2.1% after its CFO said second-quarter market revenue was down about 15% from last year. Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC) fell 1.9% after its CEO said Q2 trading revenue will be down on an annual basis. BAC, as shown above, is now testing critical “neckline” support of a massive six-month head-and-shoulders reversal pattern. The pattern is about as perfect as you’ll find in the wild. And it traces a downside target of $18.50, which would take the stock below its 200-day moving average to return it to levels not seen since early November — nearly completely reversing the post-election rally. Edge Pro subscribers are enjoying a 121% gain in their June $23 BAC puts recommended earlier this week. Aside from the warnings on trading revenue, the financial sector is at risk as Treasury bonds move higher (and thus, long-term yields move lower) as the post-election “Trump-flation” trade fades. This amid the worst disappointment in the economic data relative to expectations since 2015, underwhelming inflation data, and a sense the healthcare reform, tax cuts, and infrastructure spending plans Wall Street had eagerly priced in following President Trump’s surprise victory are going to be long in coming. As a result, the iShares 20+ Yr Treas.Bond (NYSEARCA:TLT) has pushed above its 200-day moving average for the first time since last October. That’s boosted the ProShares Ultra 20+Year Tsury ETF (NYSEARCA:UBT) recommended to Edge subscribers to a 4.5% gain. Conclusion The area of the market to watch right now is energy. Oil is under fresh pressure with West Texas Intermediate testing below the $47-a-barrel level. JBC Energy reported falling OPEC production cap compliance (down to 92% from 96% in April) as it’s clear the oil sheiks — despite agreeing to a nine-month extension of their output freeze deal — are increasingly desperate as U.S. shale producers lower their cost structures and boost rig counts. Commerzbank analyst Carsten Fritsch wrote in a note to clients that there “continues to be considerable skepticism about the effectiveness of the production cuts” amid an ongoing global oversupply situation and swollen inventories. This is terrible news for energy stocks which have been in a persistent six-month downtrend. The Energy Select Sector SPDR (ETF) (NYSEARCA:XLE) is already down nearly 16% from its December high. Today’s losses push the sector down to levels not seen since last July. Shares of oil majors like Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) look extremely vulnerable here, readying a break out of multi-month consolidation ranges. Where this starts to matter to all investors is the bleed. Both bank and energy stocks are on the slide, and as a result, the broad market’s quiet strength – bolstered by overheated sentiment and parabolic rallies in big-tech stocks like Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) — is unlikely to continue. Especially as we enter what is seasonally the most difficult part of the year for the market. “Sell in May” and all that. Today’s Trading Landscape To see a list of the companies reporting earnings today, click here. For a list of this week’s economic reports due out, click here. Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge (ETFs) and Edge Pro (Options) investment advisory newsletters. A two-week and four-week free trial offer has been extended to Investorplace readers. Redeem by clicking the links above. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/stocks-drift-lower-as-bank-stocks-plummet/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Boring Stocks Investors Can Buy for Red-Hot Returns 7 Troubled Energy Stocks That Are Due for More Pain 3 Short Squeeze Stocks to Buy Before Summer Starts 4 Retail Stocks to Buy That Aren’t Amazon Buy Fitbit Stock for the Turnaround 10 High-Tech Graduation Gifts for 2017 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns 7 Troubled Energy Stocks That Are Due for More Pain 3 Short Squeeze Stocks to Buy Before Summer Starts 4 Retail Stocks to Buy That Aren’t Amazon Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is on the Verge of a Meltdown Most Popular 5 Stocks to Sell in June 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts The 3 Best Marijuana Stocks to Buy 3 Active Vanguard Funds That You Can’t Ignore 4 Under-the-Radar Defense Stocks to Buy for Big, Showy Profits 7 F-Rated Stocks to Abandon Immediately Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets Live Live Save Print License article Markets Live: Wesfarmers hit by downgrade Patrick Commins and Jens Meyer 262 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Shares trade flat as strong gains in utilities and industrials are offset by falls in miners and Wesfarmers, while the Aussie dollar remains under pressure following soft Chinese manufacturing data. Amazon will sting Wesfarmers more than investors realise, says Morgan Stanley In local data: retail sales get a Queensland boost, while Q1 capex doesn't shrink The Caixin manufacturing PMI drops below 50, contradicting official numbers Don't bet against the yuan: China's currency jumps after months of calm Live updates Sort posts by Newest Oldest 2:49pm Here's an interesting chart to mull before we close the blog. Thanks for reading and posting comments - we'll be back tomorrow from 9am. 2:46pm Shares see-sawed throughout the session before finishing in the black, after soft Chinese manufacturing data clashed with solid local retail sales growth. Investors bought up utilities and healthcare stocks, while Wesfarmers weighed on consumer staples and a dip in the oil price saw energy names sold off.  The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index and the broader All Ordinaries Index each finishing up 0.2 per cent to 5738.1 points and 5772.5 points respectively.  "There's nothing really strong giving investors conviction at the moment," said James Gerrish, senior investment adviser at Shaw & Partners.  "But investors are likely to keep watching the iron ore price; that will definitely influence sentiment in the near term." A slide in the iron ore spot price to an eight-month low of $US57.02 weighed on the resource giants; BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto were off 0.7 per cent and 1.7 per cent respectively. Fortescue Metals was off 3.7 per cent. Dalian iron ore futures were down 3.8 per cent at 422 yuan ($US62) in late afternoon trade, pointing to a further drop in the spot price. There was mixed buying in the big four banks, though they all ultimately closed down, with Westpac's 0.7 per cent fall leading the way. Wesfarmers shares slumped 3.1 per cent to $41.37 after Morgan Stanley downgraded the stock, warning the conglomerate's retail businesses are more exposed to Amazon than category killers JB Hi-Fi and Super Retail Group. Despite the gloom surrounding the retail sector thanks to disappointing consumer spending figures, a surprise uptick in retail sales saw the likes of JB Hi-Fi finish up 0.4 per cent while Myer jumped 2.3 per cent. 2:32pm Major investors have put US industry on notice that climate change matters, even as reports emerged that President Donald Trump plans to withdraw the US from the Paris accord to fight global warming. A number of large institutional fund firms including BlackRock, the world's largest asset manager, supported a shareholder resolution calling on ExxonMobil to share more information about how new technologies and climate change regulations could impact the business of the world's largest publicly traded oil company. The proposal won the support of 62.3 per cent of votes cast. The victory, on such a wide margin, was hailed by climate activists as a turning point in their decades-long campaign to get oil and gas companies to communicate how they would adapt to a low-carbon economy. With big investors now seeing climate change as a major risk, activists said US corporations will have to be more transparent about the impact of a warming planet even if the United States withdraws from the 2015 Paris climate accord, as Trump promised during his presidential campaign. "Economic forces are outrunning any other considerations," said Anne Simpson, investment director for sustainability at the California Public Employees' Retirement System, one of the sponsors of the resolution. She credited big investors in Exxon for the change, since at least some of them switched their votes after last year when a similar measure won just 38 per cent support. "We have seen a sea change in their viewpoint," she said. Many top investors now consider their votes on shareholder proposals "on merit, rather than considering it a test of loyalty to management," she said. Among Exxon's top investors, Vanguard Group and BlackRock opposed last year's call for climate change reporting. A spokeswoman for Vanguard, which has about 7 per cent of Exxon's shares, declined to comment on its voting this year. A person familiar with the matter said funds run by BlackRock, which holds about 6 per cent of Exxon shares, voted in favour of the climate resolution. The investment firms' approach reflects a new interest in climate matters among their own investors, who have stuffed money into so-called "green" mutual funds and other vehicles that use environmental factors in their stockpicking. 'Sea change in the viewpoint of big investors.' Photo: Michael Nagle 2:12pm Cocoa prices have soared amid signs of tighter supplies in Ivory Coast, the world's top grower, raising prospects that chocolate costs will climb. July futures jumped as much as 6.8 per cent, the most ever for the contract. Farmers in West Africa are already locking in more forward sales for next year's crop than traders were expecting, a sign that supplies from the current harvest are beginning to ebb. The outlook for tighter supplies marks a shift for the market that's been suffering from a global surplus. The overhang pushed prices down 32 per cent over the past 12 months, helping to lower some retail costs for chocolate. The treats may not stay cheap for long, or at least that's what hedge funds are signalling. Money managers have backed away from their bearish cocoa bets for three straight weeks, US government data show. On ICE Futures US, cocoa for July delivery added 6.6 per cent to settle at $US2037 a metric ton on Tuesday in New York. Aggregate trading was about 70 per cent higher than the 100-day average for the time of day, data compiled by Bloomberg show. Prices are rebounding after reaching their lowest levels in almost 10 years in April. The end of cheap chocolate? Cocoa futures have soared the most on record. Photo: AP 1:35pm In a particularly gloomy view of the economy, NAB is predicting the GDP shrunk in the first quarter and even sees a - slight - chance of a technical recession. If NAB is right, it would be the second contraction in three quarters, following the strong growth of 1.1 per cent in Q4 2016 and decline of 0.5 per cent in Q3 of 2016.  The year-ended rate of growth would slow to 1.3 per cent y/y, the weakest rate since the third quarter of 2009, during the GFC, the bank forecasts. Most economists are still predicting decent growth for next week's GDP numbers, with a recent Bloomberg survey pointing to a 0.6 per cent rise in first-quarter GDP. "While some of the contraction has undoubtedly been driven by the weather and other one-offs (as in Q3 last year), the question for next week will be whether the slowdown includes signal as well as noise, and implies a more fundamental economic slowdown," NAB chief economist Alan Oster writes in a note to clients. Oster is particularly worried about the slowdown in household consumption, which comes amid poor wages and household income growth. "Should this continue, it is unlikely that forecasts of 3 per cent and more growth from Treasury and the RBA will be met in the near term, particularly when LNG exports start to flatten off from 2018 (although it will support growth outcomes for the remainder of 2017)," he says. "The fall in dwelling construction this quarter suggests some risk that the dwelling construction cycle has peaked a little earlier than expected, although weather is also a likely factor and it's more likely to suggest a more elongated cycle." NAB's forecasts assume some further (modest) growth in 2017 before peaking in 2018.  Oster warns there is the small possibility of a negative GDP print in the second quarter - which would take Australia into technical recession - given the hit to coal exports from Cyclone Debbie, but he says there should be enough offset from LNG exports and government spending to keep GDP in the black.  Despite NAB's forecasts being considerably gloomier than the RBA's, Oster expects the central bank to remain on hold. NAB reckons the economy shrunk in the first quarter.  Back to top 12:53pm One of the world's last havens for fund managers is coming under siege. In Australia's $2.8 trillion fund industry, managers who rely on human judgement to pick investments have so far withstood the global onslaught of passive offerings. They've done so in part by cutting fees below those in other large markets. The billions flowing in from the superannuation system have helped, too. It may not be enough. Giants like BlackRock and Vanguard, encouraged by the past years' global shift towards passive investments, are homing in on Australia with commissions active managers can't hope to match. And as beating benchmarks becomes harder, the industry is discovering that super funds' largesse has its limits. Against that backdrop, the chief investment officer of the $130 billion Future Fund has some advice for managers."They have to confront the new reality," Raphael Arndt said in a speech last month, urging them to take a "long hard look" at themselves. Arndt argued that what the "free kick" from rising asset prices was coming to an end and investors had become too sophisticated to pay a premium for benchmark-tracking returns. Here's more Are the good times ending for Aussie fundies?  Photo: Jessica Shapiro 12:20pm New apartment sales in Brisbane have collapsed by more than 70 per cent in a year, according to analysts Urbis' latest market report. The rapid contraction in the apartment market saw just 302 sales in the March quarter down 37 per cent on the previous quarter and well down from the 1032 sales in the previous corresponding period last year. The results reflect a range of problems including tighter and more expensive financing for both buyers and developers and taxes on foreign buyers. There are also suggestions of oversupply. Urbis associate director of property economics and research Paul Riga said that fewer sales were expected with the first quarter of the year traditionally lagging. "This quarter we saw some survey results which the market didn't anticipate, in addition to others we knew were coming," Riga said. He said that although sales had dropped away there had also been a reduction in supply. Some apartment projects in Brisbane are settling well despite an overall trend of fewer sales.  Photo: Supplied 11:38am A few economist reactions to today's surprisingly strong retail sales numbers and so-so capex data: Retail data overstates household health, says Paul Dales, Capital Economics: The private capital expenditure survey for the first quarter showed that mining investment is becoming a smaller drag on GDP growth, while the leap in retail sales in April overstates the health of households. There's no escaping the fact that the outlook for business investment remains weak. We estimate that GDP rose by just 0.2% q/q in the first quarter and that it will struggle to rise by 2.0% during this year as a whole. Citi's Josh Williamson thinks the retail surge is a one-off: We suspect these rises were partly from stronger Easter related trading. We don't look for a repeat in May though. Mortgage lending restrictions and higher mortgage interest rates point to some pressure on household goods retailing. We also point out that the very strong retail sales growth in QLD could partly be explained by households re-stocking food and some durable items following the floods that affected around 20,000 homes in late March. Q1 capex but the outlook is better, ANZ's Daniel Gradwell says: The fall in plant and equipment spending is a particularly soft result, and will weigh on next week's Q1 GDP data. Firms' expectations for 2017-18 suggest that the mining sector has further to fall, while the non-mining investment outlook eased but continues to suggest moderate growth is in store. Converting elevated levels of business conditions and confidence into investment activity remains a challenge. NAB's Tapas Strickland sees downside risks to Q1 GDP growth: The non-mining investment outlook for 2017/18 failed to lift further, while flat equipment investment in the quarter presents downside risks to Q1 GDP with the strong likelihood of a flat or slightly negative GDP outcome on June 7. The lack of a lift in the non-mining components of the survey will be discouraging for the RBA, which has been patiently awaiting a lift in non-mining investment intentions in the data. CBA's Gareth Aird sees some capex rise ahead: The soft business credit growth of late suggested that non‑mining investment intentions were unlikely to be upgraded in today's capex survey. The NAB Business Survey continues to suggest a lift in investment is forthcoming. But we think the softness in consumer demand is holding investment back. Fortunately there is a decent amount of public capex to come because the outlook for private investment remains weak.   11:18am Pimco has a message for investors: it's time to stop taking the markets for granted. Investors have become too complacent and monetary, fiscal, trade and geopolitical risks abound, Pimco's Richard Clarida, Andrew Balls and Dan Ivascyn said in a report issued overnight. There's a 70 per cent chance of a recession in the next five years, they said. "We believe that many market participants today are too relaxed, that medium-term risks are building and that investors should consider using cyclical rallies to build cash to deploy when markets eventually correct - and possibly overshoot - as risks are repriced," the executives said in Pimco's annual "Secular Outlook" for the next three to five years. Pimco's forecast is being issued as stock markets reach record highs, the US economic recovery enters its ninth year and Donald Trump's election has spurred optimism for pro-business reforms. "One thing that's happened is all asset classes are 10 or 15 per cent more expensive than they were a year ago," Clarida said. "So a lot of good news is already priced in." Downside risks for the economic outlook since last year include reduced prospects for China's growth rate, which may slow to 5.5 per cent from the current pace of 6.5 per cent, and the eurozone, which is likely to average 1.25 per cent over next five years, Pimco said. US growth is likely to continue at 2 per cent. Inflation will likely be 2 per cent on average and the Federal funds rate will be at 2 per cent to 3 per cent, they said. Of real concern for the global outlook is that policymakers are "driving without a spare tire" because of limited tools - caused by big balance sheets and low- or negative-interest rates - to deal with a recession. "Policy measures may not be sufficient to counter the next downturn, whenever it materialises," the report said. Central banks don't have much juice left to deal with the next downturn. Photo: Seth Wenig 10:44am NSW will double its foreign investors stamp duty surcharge to 8 per cent as part of a series of tax changes designed to make housing more affordable for Australian residents, according to the AFR. The annual land tax surcharge on foreign home owners will also increase to 2 per cent from the existing 0.75 per cent. The NSW government is also poised to widen access to its first-home buyers bonus, offering it to buyers of existing stock rather than just new homes. NSW Premier Gladys Berejiklian is expected to announce more details after a cabinet meeting today, the AFR reports. NSW hands down its budget on June 20. Berejiklian made improving housing affordability one of her top priorities when she came to office in January and appointed former Reserve Bank governor Glenn Stevens as an adviser on the package which cabinet is now considering.  NSW Premier Gladys Berejiklian says housing affordability is her top priority. Photo: Nick Moir Back to top 10:24am A few reactions (and charts) on Twitter to today's local data: Aus Apr retail sales +1%mom/3.1%yoy, driven by dept stores,food,cafe. All ok? Could be Easter related noise here. Trend is soft,just 0.1%mom pic.twitter.com/suGiLPwNe8— Shane Oliver (@ShaneOliverAMP) June 1, 2017 A pleasant surprise from retail trade. Up 1.0% in April, following soft recent activity, to be 3.1% higher over the year #ausbiz pic.twitter.com/lMW9Kz5U78— Callam Pickering (@CallamPickering) June 1, 2017 NSW retail up just 0.1%. But Qld, up 2.4%, after five consecutive negative months. Must have bought up lots of Qld league jumpers...— Shane Wright (@swrightwestoz) June 1, 2017 Q1 CAPEX: could be concerning that the recovery in non-mining investment in NSW & Victoria appears to be losing momentum #ausecon #ausbiz pic.twitter.com/gYcwkW0DbN— Alex Joiner (@IFM_Economist) June 1, 2017 Update - AUDUSD drops half a cent from the highs, dips under 0.7400 for first time since 17 May. GDP on Wed not shaping up well pic.twitter.com/U3TWAFVAqi— Sean Callow (@seandcallow) June 1, 2017 Capital expenditure is expected to fall 12 per cent in 2016-17 and a further 11 per cent in 2017-18 #ausbiz pic.twitter.com/ufe6t87CoU— Callam Pickering (@CallamPickering) June 1, 2017 Australian CAPEX intentions for 2018 disappoint - still falling driven by ongoing weakness in mining & manufacturing investment. pic.twitter.com/I4ylvRlA7V— Robert Rennie (@R0bertRennie) June 1, 2017 9:57am Well, the lift in sentiment thanks to some decent local economic data didn't last very long. Along came some soft Chinese manufacturing numbers and the gains in the Aussie dollar faded as fast as they had accumulated, while shares have slipped back into the red. The private Caixin survey of purchasing managers in the manufacturing sector fell to 49.6 in May, from 50.3 in April and below expectations of 50.1. It also slipped below the crucial 50 threshold, separating growth from contraction in the sector. The first contraction in the Caixin index in 11 months comes a day after official data showed a surprise strengthening in the sector. The Caixin report tends to focus on smaller firms which are not believed to be benefiting as much from a construction boom as large state-owned companies and industries such as steel mills. The divergence may suggest that much of China's recent economic strength remains strongly dependent on heavy industry and continued government stimulus, with other sectors facing more challenging business conditions. "China's manufacturing sector has come under greater pressure in May and the economy is clearly on a downward trajectory," Zhengsheng Zhong, director of macroeconomic analysis at CEBM Group, said in a note accompanying the Caixin survey. 9:38am Today's big economic data releases are out and there's no big disappointment for a change. Retail sales jumped 1 per cent in April, thanks to a 2.4 per cent jump in Queensland, and easily outpacing expectations of a 0.3 per cent overall rise, following March's soggy 0.2 per cent contraction. #Australia Retail Sales month-on-month at 1% https://t.co/WLlNlIwGAO pic.twitter.com/uOHcQGUKRw— Trading Economics (@tEconomics) June 1, 2017 And private investment spending actually rose for a change, albeit not quite as much as hoped for. First-quarter capex increased by 0.3 per cent - economists had tipped 0.5 per cent - following the previous quarter's 1 per cent contraction. The closely followed estimate for capex in the next financial year was lifted to $85.4 billion. That's up from the previous estimate of $80.6 billion - but still just half of the $166.8 billion invested at the peak of the mining boom in 2012-13. The Aussie dollar jumped about a quarter of a cent on the data, to the day's high of US74.47¢. Capital expenditure in the mining sector rose modestly in the March quarter - the first quarterly rise since the June quarter 2014 #ausbiz pic.twitter.com/ys5irKazEb— Callam Pickering (@CallamPickering) June 1, 2017 9:30am China is dishing out a tough lesson to currency traders and strategists alike: don't bet against the yuan. The currency has jumped to its highest level in seven months offshore, soaring as much as 1.1 per cent yesterday alone, despite analyst forecasts for declines this quarter. And today, China's central bank set the yuan midpoint at 6.8090 per US dollar, lifting it 543 pips from the previous day's rate to its strongest level since November 10. The appreciation of the daily reference rate, a 0.8 percent move, was its biggest one-day strengthening since January. Surging interbank rates are squeezing bears by driving up the cost of short positions. The rally, which broke months of calm against the US dollar, came on the heels of an unwelcome credit-rating downgrade from Moody's. China made its displeasure clear, calling the move "absolutely groundless." The central bank had already been battling pessimistic traders by repeatedly strengthening the daily fixing, while an opaque change to the setting announced Friday added to the complexity of betting on future movements. "The Moody's downgrade and a weaker spot rate compared to the fixing could have spurred the authorities to change the fixing mechanism and potentially intervene in the market," said Jason Daw, head of emerging-market currency strategy at Societe Generale. The onshore yuan gained 0.6 percent to 6.8134 per dollar in Shanghai on Wednesday, after fluctuating in a narrow band around 6.9 for most of this year. The rate in Hong Kong extended its advance since Moody's rating change on May 24 to about 1.8 per cent. Analysts are scrambling to adjust to the shift. Credit Agricole scrapped a forecast of 7.25 per US dollar that's been in place since December, replacing it on Tuesday with a year-end level of 7.05. ANZ strengthened its end-2017 target to 6.95 from 7.10. Don't bet against the yuan. Photo: Ng Han Guan 9:08am  The Australian dollar is set to decline more than 6 per cent to around the "high 60s" level versus the greenback as the country loses its yield advantage over the US, according to Goldman Sachs Asset Management. Australia's interest-rate premium to the US will evaporate by the middle of next year as the Federal Reserve continues to tighten policy while the RBA keeps its benchmark at 1.5 per cent, said Philip Moffitt, Asia-Pacific head of fixed income at the investment manager. The Aussie has declined almost 3 per cent this quarter, underperforming its Group-of-10 peers. It's currently trading at US74.20¢. "One of the reasons why people buy Aussie dollars is it has been a relatively high yielder," said Moffitt. "That's changing. More exposure to China, no rate movement here and rate convergence with the US suggest the Aussie will go lower." The extra yield that Australia's 10-year bonds offer over similar-maturity Treasuries has dropped to just 18 basis points, near a 16-year low reached last week. The last time the gap was consistently that narrow was in 2001, when the Aussie touched its post-float low of US47.76¢.  But ANZ head of forex research Daniel Been noted that at the time the bursting of the internet bubble had led to a rush out of riskier assets, punishing the Aussie more than other currencies. "We do not think that the current narrowing in spreads can, in isolation, drive the AUD back below US70¢," Been said in a note to clients yesterday. "The evolution of global liquidity and the reaction of risk markets will be the key determinant," he said, tipping the Aussie will hold above US70¢. Still, hedge funds and other large speculators have unwound almost all of their bullish Aussie wagers, slashing them to the lowest since January, US Commodity Futures Trading Commission data show. Prices of iron ore have tumbled 27 per cent this year as concerns flare over the outlook for burgeoning global supply and a potential slowdown in demand in China, the largest user. The RBA is hamstrung. While it needs to support a weak jobs market, red-hot housing in Sydney and Melbourne constrains it from deploying its already limited rate ammunition. In the meantime, the Fed is set to raise rates at least two more times this year, Moffitt said. "It's quite likely that in 12 months Aussie short rates and US short rates could be basically the same level as the Fed tightens and the RBA does nothing," Moffitt said. "That's going to be a hard environment for the Aussie dollar to be strong." Goldman's Philip Moffitt reckons the Aussie will soon trade with a 60-s handle, but ANZ is more upbeat. Photo: Brendon Thorne Back to top 8:45am Wesfarmers shares have slumped after Morgan Stanley downgraded the stock, warning the conglomerate's retail businesses are more exposed to Amazon than category killers JB Hi-Fi and Super Retail Group. The broker predicted Wesfarmers could lose $400 million in earnings to the online behemoth by 2026. Morgan Stanley's retail team, led by Tom Kierath, says the market has failed to understand the impact of Amazon's arrival in Australia on Wesfarmers' discount department stores, Kmart and Target, which are likely to be harder hit by Amazon's low prices and speedy deliveries than specialist retailers. While shares in JB Hi-Fi and Super Retail Group have fallen 17 per cent and 26 per cent respectively this year because of the Amazon threat, Wesfarmers shares were up 1.3 per cent before this morning's selloff. Shares are currently down more than 4 per cent to $40.99. "We believe that Wesfarmers' department store businesses Kmart and Target are particularly susceptible as Amazon rolls out its first party product and its Prime offer," said Kierath. While Amazon is yet to release details of its Australian product range, pricing or its Prime offer, the investment bank believes it will be similar to that in other developed countries such as the US, UK and Italy, and that Amazon will generate sales of $12 billion in Australia by 2026. Morgan Stanley expects a soft launch by the end of 2017, local fulfillment starting during 2018, and the gradual rollout of products starting with physical media, electronics then apparel, with dry groceries, fresh food and auto parts taking longer. "Based on our estimates for Amazon share gains and incremental margins, we see Wesfarmers losing $400 million in EBIT by 2026 and have lowered our valuations for Kmart, Target and Bunnings," Kierath said. Morgan Stanley downgraded its rating on Wesfarmers to underweight from equal weight after cutting earnings per share forecasts by 1 per cent in 2017 to 10 per cent in 2020. The investment bank also slashed its share price target to $36 from $41, with a 'bear' case of $30. Morgan Stanley reckons the market is underestimating the impact of Amazon's arrival on Wesfarmers. Photo: Supplied 8:31am The sharemarket is once again struggling for direction in early trade, disguising some bigger moves in individual stocks. The ASX has started the month flat, trading at 5724.3 as gains in utilities and healthcare are offset by losses in consumer staples and miners.  A further slide in oil prices underpinned concerns about valuations and the global outlook, traders said. The biggest drag on the benchmark index comes from Wesfarmers, which has plunged 3.1 per cent following a downgrade by Morgan Stanley. The big miners are also on the back foot after falls in major commodity prices overnight, which have pulled BHP down 1.1 per cent, Rio 1.7 per cent and Fortescue 3.4 per cent. The big banks are all trading slightly lower, while energy stocks are also under pressure. Rates-sensitive utilities and healthcare stocks are doing better, following a dip in global bond yields overnight. Transurban is continuing its rebound, rising 1.3 per cent and Sydney Airport is up 1.2 per cent.  Industrials are also mostly higher, led by a 2.8 per cent rise in Amcor and a 1.7 per cent gain in Brambles. 8:15am House prices have fallen in Sydney and Melbourne but experts warn it is too early to call a housing downturn.  Over the month of May, Sydney house prices fell 1.3 per cent and Melbourne's prices dropped 1.7 per cent, according to Corelogic's latest Hedonic Home Value Index.  Hobart's prices also fell, by 4.8 per cent, but Brisbane prices were largely flat. All up, national house prices fell 1.1 per cent, driven mainly by the declines in Sydney and Melbourne, Corelogic said.  But more than a month's data was required to establish a fundamental shift towards a cooling, especially given past market performances in late 2015 and 2016, when prices dipped but rebounded much higher following a cash rate cut, experts said.   "I wouldn't be surprised if things bounce back," Corelogic head of research Tim Lawless said.  "When a market moves through a inflection point, there wil be some up's and down's. The trend is showing a slowing down, but the jury is still out on whether the market is moving through a peak." 7:57am on 1 Jun 2017 SPONSORED POST IG strategist Chris Weston is hoping that a new month will breathe new life into financial markets: We open the page on the month of June and I for one hope we can break this malaise in markets, with either an upside break or at least a reasonable pullback in global equities to attract new money and fresh life into the markets. There will be a reasonable amount of event risk to work through, not just with UK elections (8 June), with the ramifications of that event seemingly contained to UK assets, but key central bank meetings from the European Central Bank (also 8 June) and Federal Reserve (14 June). Locally, we get Q1 GDP (7 June) and that in itself will get a fair bit of attention and while we get a major contribution to that data point today with Q1 CAPEX, there are calls for the quarter to yield very subdued activity. Of course we will keep a focus on all things Trump too, and his approval rating given the USD's correlation with that and there has been some focus, not just on Trump reportedly making his decision to pull out of the Paris climate accord (Source: Axios), but there have been numerous reports that former FBI Director James Comey will testify next week, as early as Thursday. Either way, the stage has been set for Asia on the first day of the month is to start on a drab, yet somewhat negative start. We see oil price trading heavy, yet, once again buying support has kicked into the 17 May lows of $US48.35. This level clearly needs to hold and so far it is, and buyers have stepped in thanks to a huge 8.7 and 1.7 million draw respectively in the API private inventory report. In the short-term much will now hinge on tonight's (01:00 aest) Department of Energy weekly inventory report. We are also staring at real weakness in the bulk commodities too, with spot iron ore closing 2.5% lower at $57.02, while iron ore, steel and coking coal futures closed 3.2%, 2.4% and 2.9% lower respectively. Iron ore futures look like a short sellers dream right now and the technical set-up looks about as bearish as you will see. It's amazing to see BHP's American Depository Receipt only down 0.9%, although if you focus on Vale's US-listing (as a read through for the lines of AGO and FMG etc) it closed down 4.5%. Copper and gold seem like good places to be invested today, if in the commodity space. Here's more 7:47am on 1 Jun 2017 ANZ says its core equity tier one capital ratio will take a hit of 26 basis points, after the banking regulator completed a review of its risk weighting system. But with ANZ in a strong capital position after asset sales, the bank says this will not require any additional capital management action. Risk weightings are models that determine how much capital banks must set aside when lending, and there is a global move to make these weightings less generous to the largest lenders such as the big four. ANZ said APRA had finished its review of ANZ's model, and it would be using a risk weight of slightly over 28.5 per cent for its Australian home loan book. That effectively means ANZ can assume that when it lends out $100 to a home loan buyer, only $28.50 is at risk. This is separate from APRA's looming decision on what exactly is meant by "unquestionably strong," an official target for the banks set by the Financial System Inquiry, which could require banks to raise yet more capital. ANZ says it won't need to raise capital. Photo: Louise Kennerley Back to top Search pagination Current page Live Article Posts1 Next Live Article Posts2 Share via Email Post on facebook wall Share on Google Plus Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit 1 new post(s) available. View post(s) Dismiss Advertisement 104 comments Comment are now closed Sort comments by Oldest Newest HuffPost Australia The HR Industry Is At Risk Of ... Contains: External link Drug Testing Of Welfare Clients Found ... Contains: External link Most Popular How the new NBN pricing plan for retailers affects you Flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tried to enter cockpit 'Perfect storm': House prices fall for first time in 18 months Ex-maths teacher sued over $95m concert ticket fraud 'High 60s': Aussie dollar bears stir Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tried to enter cockpit How the new NBN pricing plan for retailers affects you Australia must fix its 'spectacular housing bubble', Citi warns John McGrath bursts property bubble 'myth' 'I am absolutely certain we are in a bubble in this property market' WA Today How the boom changed Perth: our new identity revealed 'It's Colin from Cottesloe': Former Premier breaks silence after calling radio station Surgeon in critical condition after 'terrible' hospital assault WA schools crackdown on unhealthy food A father's fight: Perth boy's life saving surgery delayed The Sydney Morning Herald Flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tried to enter cockpit An open letter from Martina Navratilova: Time to rename Margaret Court Arena Premier unveils housing affordability fixes 'The devil's after our kids': Court's second serve Bus passengers travel for free as drivers declare 'fare-free day' The Age Surgeon in critical condition after 'terrible' hospital assault Flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tried to enter cockpit 'The devil's after our kids': Court's second serve An open letter from Martina Navratilova: Time to rename Margaret Court Arena Furious finance lecturer charges $1000 for eaten card Brisbane Times With 555 rooms but no resident car park, why did council approve it? Priest allegedly wrestled altar boy naked Someone is about to find out they've won $40m on Oz Lotto 'He's homeless and that's his fault': Woman fined for throwing food and punching rough sleeper With champions missing, Queensland exposed as mortals Canberra Times ACT school suspends student for having 'dangerous' opinion Public servants should be forced to move or face sack: LNP senator Snow expected over Canberra next week as winter hits Flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tried to enter cockpit DFAT chops cable TV, outfit subsidies for diplomats WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Today: June 1, 2017, 9:09 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Finance Financial Services Market Global Briefing 2017 - New Market Report Fast Market Research recommends "Financial Services Market Global Briefing 2017 " from Business Research Company, now available PR-Inside.com: 2017-05-24 07:12:37 The financial services market comprises all establishments engaged in financial services related activities such as lending, investment management, insurance, brokerages, payments and transferring service. The financial services industry is categorized on the basis of the business model of the firms present in the industry. Majority of firms come under multiple categories. The Financial Services Global Market Briefing provides strategists, marketers and senior management with the critical information they need to assess the global financial services market. Full Report Details at - www.fastmr.com/prod/1280366_financial_services_global.aspx?afid= .. Reasons to Get this Report * Get up to date information available on the financial services market globally. * Identify growth segments and opportunities. * Facilitate decision making on the basis of historic and forecast data and understand the drivers and restraints on the market. * Develop strategies based on likely future developments. * Gain a global perspective on the development of the market. Description The Financial Services Global Market Briefing Report from The Business Research Company covers market characteristics, size and growth, segmentation, regional breakdowns, competitive landscape, market shares, trends and strategies for this market. The market characteristics section of the report defines and explains the market. The market size section gives the financial services market revenues, covering both the historic growth of the market and forecasting the future. Comparison With Other Markets section outlines the financial services market share among the other services markets. Historic and Forecast Growth Comparison With Other Markets section compares the financial services market's historic and forecast growth rate with other services markets. Drivers and restraints looks at the external factors supporting and controlling the growth of the market. Market segmentations break down the key sub sectors which make up the market. The regional breakdowns section gives the size of the market geographically. Competitive landscape gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and a description of the leading companies. Key financial deals which have shaped the market in the last three years are identified. The trends and strategies section highlights the likely future developments in the financial services market and suggests approaches. Scope Markets Covered: Lending and Payments, Insurance, Investment Companies Mentioned: Bank of America, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Agricultural Bank of China, AXA , Bank of China, Assicurazioni Generali,JPMorgan, Chase, Wells Fargo, Citigroup Inc. Geographic scope: Americas, Europe, Asia, Middle East and Africa, Oceania. Time series: Five years historic and forecast. Data: Market value in $ billions. Data segmentations: Regional breakdowns, market share of competitors, key sub segments. Sourcing and Referencing: Data and analysis throughout the report is sourced using end notes. Companies Mentioned in this Report: Bank of America, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Agricultural Bank of China, AXA, Bank of China, Assicurazioni Generali, JPMorgan, Chase, Wells Fargo, Citigroup Inc About Wintergreen Research WinterGreen Research's industry reports focus on opportunities that expand existing markets or develop major new markets. The reports access new product and service positioning strategies, new and evolving technologies, and technological impact on products, services, and markets. Innovation that drives markets is explored. Market shares are provided. Leading market participants are profiled, and their marketing strategies, acquisitions, and strategic alliances are discussed. The principals of WinterGreen Research have been involved in analysis and forecasting of international business opportunities in telecommunications and advanced computer technology markets for over 30 years. View more research from Business Research Company at www.fastmr.com/catalog/publishers.aspx?pubid=1057&afid=701 About Fast Market Research Fast Market Research is a leading distributor of market research and business information. Representing the world's top research publishers and analysts, we provide quick and easy access to the best competitive intelligence available. Our unbiased, expert staff is always available to help you find the right research to fit your requirements and your budget. For more information about these or related research reports, please visit our website at www.fastmr.com or call us at 1.800.844.8156 (1.413.485.7001 Int'l) Press Information Published by Bill Thompson 18008448156 e-mail www.fastmr.com # 667 Words Related Articles More From The Author Market Report, "Paper Products in Malaysia (2017) [..] Paper Products in Malaysia by Mintel Market Sizes provides you with annual year-end market size data, most recently updated in [..] "Home Insecticides Market in India 2017 " [..] Netscribes' latest market research report titled Home Insecticides Market in India 2017 states that the home insecticides market [..] New market study, "Air Fresheners in China [..] Air Fresheners in China by Mintel Market Sizes provides you with annual year-end market size data, most recently updated in [..] Shaving & Depilatory Products in Vietnam (2017) [..] Shaving & Depilatory Products in Vietnam by Mintel Market Sizes provides you with annual year-end market size data, most [..] Sun Care in Spain (2017) - Market [..] Sun Care in Spain by Mintel Market Sizes provides you with annual year-end market size data, most recently updated in [..]   More From Finance Ceremony of 'Quam IR Awards 2016' Successfully [..] HONG KONG, May 31, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - The award presentation ceremony of Quam IR Awards 2016 (QIRA) successfully [..] Guyana Goldstrike Reports 960,000 Ounces of Gold [..] Reports 960,000 Ounces of Gold at Marudi Gold Project Guyana GoldStrike Inc. (GYA.V) is a Canadian based junior gold producer [..] Guyana’s Newest Gold Producer Guayna Goldstrike Launches [..] May 25, 2017 – Vancouver, British Columbia – Guyana Goldstrike Inc. (the “Company” or “Guyana Goldstrike”) (TSXV: GYA) [..] The Retaliation of Fullshare (0607.HK) will cause [..] HONG KONG, May 10, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - Fullshare experienced a 15.1% jump in its stock price when trading [..] Fullshare (607.HK) Vanquishes Short-Sellers with Transformation of [..] HONG KONG, May 11, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - After its 17.46% and 14.87% rise on 4 May and 5 [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Andrey Rudakov/Bloomberg Asia Stocks Rise as Yuan Strengthens, Oil Rebounds: Markets Wrap by Adam Haigh @adhaigh More stories by Adam Haigh May 31, 2017, 6:19 PM EDT June 1, 2017, 1:32 AM EDT Japan’s Topix gains while China shares slip amid economic data Onshore yuan heads for biggest 4-day gain in almost 12 years Asian equities rose, with a rally in Japan offsetting declines in China, as investors weighed economic data and the possible path for interest rates. The yuan extended gains and oil rebounded. Japan’s Topix advanced after capital spending topped estimates. The Shanghai Composite Index retreated with the Aussie dollar after a private gauge of China’s manufacturing fell below 50. The onshore yuan headed for the biggest four-day advance in almost 12 years amid speculation policy makers are trying to discourage bets against the currency. Crude oil rebounded from a slide triggered by doubts that an OPEC deal extension will be enough to combat higher production. Global equities ended May just shy of a record as earnings growth supports optimism in the global economy, offsetting concerns for the inflation outlook. Data showed capital spending in Japan topped estimates during the first quarter, while corporate profits jumped 27 percent. In China, the weakness in the Caixin manufacturing gauge -- with a smaller sample size -- contrasts with the government’s reading Wednesday showing the manufacturing PMI was steady last month. Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco President John Williams said in Seoul that if the U.S. economy is strong enough, the central bank can raise interest rates four times in 2017. Policy makers meet in two weeks, while Friday’s jobs report may shed more light on the state of the world’s largest economy. Meanwhile, four straight months of gains in 10-year Treasuries come as Dallas Fed boss Robert Kaplan said he’s concerned about recent declines in the core measure of inflation. Pacific Investment Management Co. says there’s a 70 percent chance of a U.S. recession in the next five years and investors should consider building cash for when markets eventually correct or overshoot. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up In China, propping up the yuan has been a policy priority this year as authorities try to stem capital outflows and prevent financial shocks before an important leadership reshuffle in the ruling Communist Party in late 2017. The currency’s rally, which broke months of calm against the dollar, comes as a rebuke to Moody’s Investors Service, which downgraded China’s sovereign debt rating last week. Read our Markets Live blog here. Here are some of the key upcoming events: The U.S. jobs report Friday may bolster the case for a rate hike, with a gain of 180,000 positions expected. Here are the main moves in markets: Stocks The MSCI Asia Pacific Index increased 0.3 percent as of 2:29 p.m. in Tokyo. The gauge rallied 2.6 percent in May, gaining for a fifth month for the longest winning streak since 2013. Japan’s Topix index rose 1 percent, after jumping 2.4 percent in May for its biggest monthly gain of the year. Singapore’s Straits Times Index climbed 0.4 percent.  Sydney’s S&P/ASX 200 Index rose 0.1 percent after swinging between gains and losses amid economic releases from Australia and China. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng Index climbed 0.4 percent after completing its fifth straight monthly gain. The Shanghai Composite Index slipped 0.4 percent, after a four-day rally. Futures on the S&P 500 added 0.1 percent. The underlying gauge fell 0.1 percent Wednesday, trimming its May gain to 1.2 percent. It closed Friday at a record. Currencies The onshore yuan climbed 0.3 percent. The currency is up 1.4 percent over the latest four days, trading at the highest level since November. The yen slipped 0.2 percent to 111.01 per dollar, after gaining in the month of May. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index was little changed, following a 1.5 percent decline for May for the biggest monthly drop since January. The Australian dollar dropped 0.4 percent. The currency spiked after retail sales were stronger than expected, but reversed gains on China’s manufacturing data. The pound fell 0.2 percent to $1.2865. The latest Times/YouGov poll showed the Conservatives leading Labour by just three points. Click here for an in-depth look at how election polling is sending jitters through the currency market. Commodities West Texas Intermediate crude oil advanced 0.8 percent to $48.68 a barrel, rebounding from a 2.7 percent drop in the previous session. Gold dropped 0.2 percent to $1,266.70 an ounce, giving back some of Wednesday’s 0.5 percent gain. Bonds The yield on 10-year Treasuries rose less than one basis point to 2.21 percent, after falling a similar amount on Wednesday. Benchmark yields in Australia dropped two basis points to 2.38 percent. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Rich People Don’t Want Ivanka Trump’s Fashion Morgan Stanley CEO Sees Trading Drop Similar to JPMorgan, Bank of America Now There's Another Source of Oil That's Starting to Get Cheap Bitcoin Is at Risk of No Longer Being the Biggest Digital Currency Musk Considers Ending His Tortured Dance With Trump Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev 'Scaffold' to be dismantled, then burned in Dakota ceremony Trump will announce today decision on Paris climate pact Hennepin County sheriff's son charged with soliciting child for sex and possessing child porn Constitutional fight escalates between Gov. Mark Dayton, Legislature Ghanian woman walking to Canada found dead in Minn. near border 3 found dead in Andover home; authorities suspect foul play Guentzel's two goals help Pittsburgh rout Nashville for 2-0 series lead Souhan: Even with this bullpen, Twins good enough to hang around Marshall girls' golfer missed out on state but 'did the right thing' Senior citizens are having more sex and enjoying it more than younger people 'Women find us irresistible': Tom Petty guitarist dishes on longevity, St. Paul concert next 425559583 Business briefing: Stock indexes stumble for second straight session May 31, 2017 — 5:33pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint STOCKS Indexes stumble for second straight session Stock indexes edged lower for the second day in a row Wednesday as a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for technology companies canceled out gains for drugmakers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell hard as executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 1.11 points, or less than 0.1 percent, to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 20.82 points, or 0.1 percent, to 21,008.65. The Nasdaq composite fell 4.67 points, or 0.1 percent, to 6,198.52. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks slipped 0.99 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,370.21. Benchmark U.S. crude lost $1.34, or 2.7 percent, to $48.32 a barrel in New York. INSURANCE Aetna in talks to shift HQ from Connecticut Aetna announced Wednesday that it is in negotiations to move its headquarters out of Hartford, Connecticut’s capital, where it has been based for almost two centuries. Mark Bertolini, the chief executive of the insurance giant, said Wednesday that the company is in negotiations with several states about moving its corporate base, with the goal of broadening access to innovation and talent that will fill “knowledge economy-type” positions. Aetna, the nation’s third largest health insurer, has a workforce of almost 50,000 and employs about 6,000 people in Connecticut. FOOD AND DRINK McDonald’s expands delivery locations McDonald’s CEO said Wednesday that the number of McDonald’s restaurants available to deliver Big Macs, Chicken McNuggets and fries is expanding by another 1,000 this week, bringing the total to more than 2,000. New locations include the New York metro area, Seattle, Denver and more. CEO Steve Easterbrook said McDonald’s will have 3,500 restaurants on the UberEats app by the end of June. Easterbrook said McDonald’s was encouraged by early delivery results, particularly with younger customers with late-night appetites. NEWS SERVICES View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends Hennepin County sheriff's son charged with soliciting child for sex and possessing child porn 'Scaffold' to be dismantled, then burned in Dakota ceremony Dayton signs budget, tax bills; fight not over with lawmakers Business briefing: Stock indexes rise again as rally reaches five days Soft open on Wall Street; Citi leads banks higher U.S. stocks barely budge ahead of July jobs reports Google parent Alphabet gets boost from strong ad sales gains Aetna exiting exchanges ... but stays in Iowa, Nebraska More From Star Tribune May 31 Wednesday's MLB roundup Chris Owings singled home the go-ahead run in the top of the 14th inning as the Arizona Diamondbacks outlasted the Pittsburgh Pirates 6-5 on Wednesday… May 31 Displaced civilians recount days of terror in besieged Philippine city Displaced civilians got food and water at shelter. May 31 Celebrity news: LeTourneau, husband split years after scandal Back in 1996, Mary Kay LeTourneau, 34, was a married mother of four who taught at a Seattle elementary school. Vili Fualaau was a 12-year-old… May 31 News from the Trump administration D.C. briefly Former FBI Director James Comey is preparing to testify to Congress as early as next week about his conversations with President Donald Trump… May 31 Nation/world briefs Washington U.S. overpaid for EpiPens by $1.27 billion The government may have overpaid for EpiPens by more than a billion dollars over a decade. That’s… Top Stories 'Scaffold' to be dismantled, then burned in Dakota ceremony May. 31 Trump will announce today decision on Paris climate pact 12:19am Hennepin County sheriff's son charged with soliciting child for sex and possessing child porn May. 31 Most Read ARE YOU LOCAL - 8th Annual Best New Band Search! New York becomes latest city to cut ties with Wells Fargo North Korea envisions a new 'balance of terror' Fans' love for a still unproven Teddy Bridgewater is over the top Inline sharing test World Truck bomb kills 90, wounds hundreds in Afghan capital Ghanian woman walking to Canada found dead in Minn. near border Nation Obamas buy house they were renting in tony DC neighborhood Progressive Portland confronts murderous hate Politics Trump will announce today decision on Paris climate pact Constitutional fight escalates between Gov. Mark Dayton, Legislature markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Forty runs, one sweep: Astros send Twins off to road trip reeling Souhan: Even with this bullpen, Twins good enough to hang around Vikings Craig: Before Vikings, Tagaloa spent time at San Quentin — as an intern Rehabbing Teddy Bridgewater throws with Vikings quarterbacks MN United Approved tax relief is good news for United's stadium plans Dynamo tops RSL 5-1 to move into 1st in Western Conference Celebrities CNN sacks Kathy Griffin over Trump video as backlash builds Pelley out, Mason temporarily in as CBS evening news anchor Super Bowl LII Minneapolis scrubs its records to hide site of Super Bowl command center Local small businesses fight for a chance to cash in on Super Bowl LII poll Poll: Who do you think is the most popular pro athlete in Minnesota? 10,000 Takes I divorced my husband but forged a lasting bond with his ex-wife Can the 'No Buy' challenge cure my shopping habit? Featured Gallery Wander with the Kangaroos at new Mn. Zoo exhibit 23 photos At the new Minnesota Zoo Kangaroo exhibit there are no barriers limiting interaction. ... Featured Video 75 years later, a casualty of Pearl Harbor comes home 01:46 Seventy-five years after Glaydon I.C. Iverson was killed aboard the USS Oklahoma ... Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Online personal shopping company Stitch Fix taps banks for IPO: sources Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Wed May 31, 2017 | 5:12pm EDT Online personal shopping company Stitch Fix taps banks for IPO: sources By Lauren Hirsch and Liana B. Baker Stitch Fix Inc has hired investment banks for an initial public offering (IPO) that could value the U.S. personalized fashion internet retailer at between $3 billion and $4 billion, including debt, according to people familiar with the matter. The IPO would be the first by a U.S. e-commerce company in two years, as stock market investors have been wary of betting on companies in the sector that, unlike Stitch Fix, are not already profitable. San Francisco-based Stitch Fix has hired investment banks Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) and JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) to lead the IPO, four people said this week, asking not to be identified because the matter is confidential. Stitch Fix, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan declined to comment. Founded in 2011 by Harvard Business School graduate Katrina Lake, Stitch Fix has over 5,700 employees. It had $730 million in sales in its fiscal year for 2016, its third year of profitability. Stitch Fix sends its customers five personalized apparel and accessories items based on size, budget and style. Customers fill out a survey of their preferences, which the company then uses to select items for them with the aid of a personal stylist. Customers can return what they do not like in the company's prepaid packaging. Stitch Fix works with more than 250 women's fashion brands, including Joie and Citizens for Humanity, and more than 30 men's brands including Scotch & Soda. Stitch Fix is a variant on the popular e-commerce "subscription box" model, in which customers pay to have regular - often monthly - shipments of goods. Stitch Fix offers subscriptions, but does not require customers to subscribe to use their service. Subscription businesses such as cosmetics supplier Birchbox and athleisure brand Fabletics have proliferated in recent years, offering retailers more predictable revenue streams, albeit at the expense of putting off some customers who do not like the commitment of a subscription. The reach of subscription businesses has attracted corporate acquirers in recent years. Subscription shave business Dollar Shave Club, for example, agreed last year to be sold to consumer goods company Unilever Plc (ULVR.L) for $1 billion. (Reporting by Lauren Hirsch in New York and Liana Baker in San Francisco; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Deals Exclusive: SoftBank to let OneWeb-Intelsat merger collapse - sources Japan's SoftBank Group Corp will let the $14 billion merger between its satellite startup OneWeb and peer Intelsat SA fall through, after failing to get enough of Intelsat creditors to back it, people familiar with the matter said on Wednesday. EU clears GE's Baker Hughes purchase without conditions BRUSSELS The European Commission cleared General Electric Co.'s purchase of oilfield services firm Baker Hughes without conditions on Wednesday, the EU competition authority said in a statement. Exclusive: EU warned of wind-down risk for Spain's Banco Popular - source BRUSSELS One of Europe's top bank watchdogs has warned European Union officials that Spain's Banco Popular may need to be wound down if it fails to find a buyer, an EU official told Reuters. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Market Trend Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Stock Market Today Stocks Close In The Red; Banks Crumble On Slow JPMorgan Trade Revenue ALAN R. ELLIOTT 5/31/2017 Reprints XAutoplay: On | Off The market ended May with a dull thud, running losses of 0.1% across the Nasdaq, S&P 500 and Dow Jones industrial average. It was the Nasdaq's seventh straight monthly advance, ending up 2.4% for May. The S&P 500 managed a 1.1% gain, while the Dow industrials eked out only the thinnest of fractional advances. Data played a key role in Wednesday's action, with the Dow industrials, Nasdaq and S&P 500 opening higher, then reversing sharply after the release of the Chicago Purchasing Manager Index for May at 9:45 a.m. ET, although a corrected version of the PMI showed a much stronger report. The first release of the Chicago PMI showed a reading of 55.2, down hard from the prior month's 58.3 tally and below the consensus view for 57.5. The corrected version showed a May reading of 59.4, its highest mark in 2-1/2 years and well above forecasts. Overnight data out of China showed better-than-expected manufacturing growth in May, but the steel, equipment and mining stocks that would normally react positively to such news came under pressure early in the session. In addition, claims from Libya that production had recovered to above its long-term ceiling of 800,900 barrels helped send crude prices down almost 3%, to $48.32 a barrel, leaving it down 2% for the month. Stocks fell, then gradually regained ground after the release of the Federal Reserve's May Beige Book, which showed continued modest growth, but increasing signs that optimism could be flagging. The report was closely watched because it's the last Beige Book report ahead of the Fed's meeting on interest rates in June, when a majority of investors expect another increase in rates. Pfizer (PFE) led the Dow industrials, up 1.6% after announcing that both the Food & Drug Administration and the European Medicines Agency had accepted its submissions to expand the approved use of Sutent to include treatment for recurrent renal cell carcinoma in patients following kidney surgery. Pfizer shares are working on their first weekly advance since late April. Pressure on the S&P 500 came from Michael Kors (KORS), Tenet Healthcare (THC), Southwestern Energy (SWN) and Goldman Sachs (GS). Goldman and JPMorgan (JPM) drove the downside among Dow stocks.  Goldman tumbled 3% and JPMorgan 2% following the revelation by JPMorgan's CFO Marianne Lake, speaking at an investor conference, that the firm's trading revenue was down 15% year over year. Losses were more subdued on the Nasdaq, with O'Reilly Automotive (ORLY) and Baidu (BIDU) hardest hit, down 2% apiece. At the top of the Nasdaq 100, Vertex Pharmaceuticals (VRTX) rose 2.7%, taking a new high. Analog Devices (ADI) thrashed 7% higher at the open, then backtracked to close 1% higher in big trade. The Norwood, Mass.-company reported a big fiscal Q2 earnings win and delivered Q3 revenue and earnings guidance above analyst expectations. Shares ended in a buy range from an 84.34 buy point in a flat base. IBD 50 stock Control4 (CTRL) roared 8% higher in big trade. Needham upgraded the connected-home software developer to buy, with a 22 price target. The stock is extended after an April rebound from the 10-week moving average. Drugmaker Perrigo (PRGO) led the S&P 500, up 6% after a strong first-quarter report. But the stock remains deep in a 26-month consolidation. RELATED: 3 Tech Leaders Near Highs As Earnings Loom: Investing Action Plan Here's Why You Should Look At Semtech, Broadcom Before Earnings     ALAN R. ELLIOTT | Facebook | @IBD_Aelliott Share this: Related news Stock Futures Rally; These 4 Top Techs Are Still Buys 6/01/2017 Stock futures rose early Thursday, briefly backing off following a weak China manufacturing report. Analog Devices, Micron Technology, Marvell Technology... 6/01/2017 Stock futures rose early Thursday, briefly backing off following a... Here's Why Bank Stocks Broke Key Support, Sinking Dow Earnings Calendar, Analyst Estimates And Stocks To Watch Dow Jones Industrial Average And Dow Stocks: News And Analysis Chip Stocks And Semiconductor Industry News Stocks To Buy And Watch: Top IPOs, Big And Small Caps, Growth Stocks Trump's Paris Exit Could Backfire On U.S. Businesses IBD 50 Stock Control4 Rated Buy; Zebra Tech Cut To Hold Analog Devices Rallies On Big Q2 Earnings Beat, Raised Outlook Today's Spotlight IBD University Get the education and investing resources to make more money in the stock market. Check out more. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Austin (6/3) or Boston (6/10) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! Catch Today’s Breakouts Special webinar may be over, but the MarketSmith 30-day trial is still available for just $29.95. More News Boeing's Anti-Missile System Called 'Capable, Credible Deterrent' Here's Why Bank Stocks Broke Key Support, Sinking Dow Get the #1 trading app in the App Store from TD Ameritrade Promoted Content By TD Ameritrade Special Report Earnings Calendar, Analyst Estimates And Stocks To Watch Build your watch list and action plan with a look at stocks set to report. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Money Stories» Dunkin' Donuts Not a Fan of Independent Coffee Shop Slogan Dow Ends Day Down 51 Site of US' Worst Nuke Meltdown Would Like a Bailout Amazon Just Beat Alphabet to Major Milestone After Collecting Dust for 35 Years, Elvis' Plane Is Sold Zillow Offers $1M Prize for Algorithm Improvement In Monopoly's Origins: a Warning About Landlords S&P 500, Nasdaq See Record Closes Again Little-Known Billionaire's Job: Making Cheese for Our Pizza S&P 500, Nasdaq Close at Record Highs Female CEO Who Now Makes More Than Marissa Mayer Dow Ends Day Up 74 Money / stock market Go to Grid|Next Story Markets Close Lower for 2nd Consecutive Day Dow ends day down 20 By Newser Editors and Wire Services Posted May 31, 2017 3:18 PM CDT 16 comments Comments Trader Gregory Rowe works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Friday, May 26, 2017.   (AP Photo/Richard Drew)Trader Gregory Rowe works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Friday, May 26, 2017.   (AP Photo/Richard Drew) (Newser) – Stocks closed modestly lower on Wall Street for the second day running, led by declines in banks as investors worry how their trading businesses are doing, the AP reports. Top executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said Wednesday that trading revenues were declining this quarter as markets remain calm. JPMorgan fell 2.1% and Bank of America fell 1.9%. Energy companies fell along with a steep drop in the price of crude oil. Occidental Petroleum fell 2%. Safe-play stocks like phone companies and utilities rose. The Standard & Poor's 500 index slipped 1 point, or 0.1%, to 2,411. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 20 points, or 0.1%, to 21,008. The Nasdaq composite gave up 4 points, or 0.1%, to 6,198.   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   9% Hilarious 36% Intriguing 18% Depressing 18% Brilliant 9% Scary 9% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 16 comments Copyright 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. AP contributed to this report. You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Next on Newser: Dunkin' Donuts Not a Fan of Independent Coffee Shop Slogan Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 16 comments Liberal__Lover May 31, 2017 11:44 PM CDT must be a slow news day. Down 20 points?!?!? Two consecutive days?!?!? HOLY CRAP, that's not even considered a trend yet. John Q. Username May 31, 2017 4:33 PM CDT Trump's fat orange a$$ is back on this side of the pond and the markets do nothing but tumble day after day. AnnaPelosi May 31, 2017 3:55 PM CDT The high for the S&P 500 is 2415.8 6 days ago, and the market closed today at 2412.5. This is what's a breather. View all 16 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Spellings of 2 Words Seem to Vex Americans the Most 1 Kathy Griffin Faces Backlash Over Gruesome Trump Photo 2 Trump's 'Covfefe' Tweet Baffles Internet 3 Girl Missing 33 Years Tweets via Sheriff's Account 4 Scott Pelley Out at CBS; Megyn Kelly May Be Factor 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Trump Trolls Social Media With ‘Covfefe’ Typo; Internet Bewildered JetBlue Flight From JFK Makes Emergency Landing After Laptop Catches Fire Bill Cosby Is Reportedly Living in Constant Fear Ahead of His Upcoming Trial Enter to Win a Trip to LA! This Is Trump’s Most Unpopular Tweet From the Past Year, According to Science South Korea President's Hot Bodyguard Is Driving the Internet Crazy This Is Why Cops in Salt Lake City Haven’t Killed Anyone Since 2015 Partner Links AROUND THE WEB Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Wednesday’s Powerball Jackpot Tops Out At $304.6 Million Fair Lawn High School Shamed Seniors With Outstanding Lunch Bills, Students Say Ohio Jail Escapee Apprehended In Brooklyn, Police Say Go to CBS Local Need a Little Help Getting Ahead? How Being a News Junkie Makes You Racist How I Caught a Contract Killer Go to Ozy He interrupted her performance for the Queen and when she realized who it was,... Charlie Sheen releases a statement for the first time since cops found his... This Toby Keith megahit was nearly Blake Shelton’s first single Go to Rare Men Who Had A “Sugar Momma” Reveal Exactly What It Was Like ‘Bachelorette’ Star Lee Garrett Is Being Called Out For Racist And Sexist Tweets I Tried A Liquid Gel That Made My Vagina Vibrate And It Could Make Orgasming... Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Morgan Stanley’s 16,000 Human Brokers Get Algorithmic Makeover by Hugh Son @Hugh_Son More stories by Hugh Son May 31, 2017, 5:00 AM EDT New software to prod advisers with suggestions and reminders Man-machine fusion may help firms avoid paying signing bonuses Morgan Stanley Brokers to Get Algorithmic Help Call them cyborgs. Morgan Stanley is about to augment its 16,000 financial advisers with machine-learning algorithms that suggest trades, take over routine tasks and send reminders when your birthday is near. The project, known internally as “next best action,” shows how one of the world’s biggest brokerages aims to upgrade its workforce while a growing number of firms roll out fully automated platforms called robo-advisers. The thinking is that humans with algorithmic assistants will be a better solution for wealthy families than mere software allocating assets for the masses. At Morgan Stanley, algorithms will send employees multiple-choice recommendations based on things like market changes and events in a client’s life, according to Jeff McMillan, chief analytics and data officer for the bank’s wealth-management division. Phone, email and website interactions will be cataloged so machine-learning programs can track and improve their suggestions over time to generate more business with customers, he said. “We’re desperately trying to pattern you and your behavior to delight you with something you may not have even been asking for, but based on what you have been doing, that you might find of value,” McMillan said in an interview. “We’re not trying to sell you, we’re trying to find the things you want and need.” Faced with competition from cheaper automated wealth-management services and higher expectations set by pioneering firms like Uber Technologies Inc. and Amazon.com Inc., traditional brokerages are starting to chart out their digital future. It turns out that the best hope human advisers have against robots is to harness the same technologies that threaten their disruption: algorithms combined with big data and machine learning. The idea is that advisers, who typically build relationships with hundreds of clients over decades, face an overwhelming amount of information about markets and the lives of their wealthy wards. New York-based Morgan Stanley is seeking to give humans an edge by prodding them to engage at just the right moments. “Technology can help them understand what’s happening in their book of business and what’s happening with their clients, whether it be considering a mortgage, to dealing with the death of a parent, to buying IBM,” McMillan said. “We take all of that and score them on the benefit that will accrue to the client and the likelihood they will transact.” Morgan Stanley will pilot the program with 500 advisers in July and expects to roll it out to all of them by year-end. Additional high-tech tools are coming: McMillan and others are working on an artificial intelligence assistant -- think Siri for brokers -- that can answer questions by sifting the firm’s mountain of research. (The bank produces 80,000 research reports a year.) The brokerage also is automating paper-heavy processes like wire transfers and creating a digital repository of client documents, such as wills and tax returns. Established advisers tend to be older, so Morgan Stanley is hiring associates to train those who need help. Read more: A QuickTake explains the debate about robo-advisers The technology means that for the first time in decades, the balance of power between financial advisers and their employers may shift. For years, top advisers could command multimillion-dollar bonuses by jumping to a competitor. That slowed to a crawl this year because of regulatory changes, and now the technological push will further the trend, according to Kendra Thompson, a managing director at Accenture Plc. Bonuses Obsolete Backed by a firm’s algorithms, “advisers are going to be part of a value proposition, rather than the service conduit for the industry,” Thompson said. “The cutting of the bonus check, it’s nearly over.” Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up Morgan Stanley isn’t swearing off robo-advisers, either. It plans to release one in coming months, along with rivals Bank of America Corp., Wells Fargo & Co. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. The technology was pioneered by startups Wealthfront Inc. and Betterment LLC and went mainstream at discount brokers Charles Schwab Corp. and Vanguard Group Inc. Robos could have $6.5 trillion under management by 2025, from about $100 billion in 2016, according to Morgan Stanley analysts. An in-house robo-adviser and a learning machine that acquaints itself with rich clients might alarm advisers who plan to keep working for decades. McMillan is adamant that the flesh-and-blood broker will be needed for years to come because the wealthy have complicated financial planning needs that are best met by human experts. “When I talk to financial advisers, they’re always like, ‘Is this going to put me out of business?’” he said. “That’s always the big elephant in the room. I can tell you factually that we are a long ways away from that.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Rich People Don’t Want Ivanka Trump’s Fashion Morgan Stanley CEO Sees Trading Drop Similar to JPMorgan, Bank of America Now There's Another Source of Oil That's Starting to Get Cheap Bitcoin Is at Risk of No Longer Being the Biggest Digital Currency Musk Considers Ending His Tortured Dance With Trump Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Viagra Obsolete: New Replacement Cheaper Safer Faster Home | Newsfront Tags: Climate Change | Trump Administration | musk | trump | ceo | climate Musk Leads CEOs Pressing Trump to Stay in Climate Accord (Stringer/AFP/Getty Images) Wednesday, 31 May 2017 02:49 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    As Donald Trump nears a final decision on the Paris climate agreement, top corporate executives are mounting a last-minute push aimed at persuading the president that the U.S. has more to lose from abandoning the accord. The appeals from chief executives such as Tesla Inc.’s Elon Musk, Tim Cook of Apple Inc. and Dow Chemical Co.’s Andrew Liveris come as Trump’s advisers also present him with closing arguments on the potential risks and rewards of remaining a party to the global pact. Trump also got an earful from foreign leaders and Pope Francis urging him to stay in the agreement during his first international trip as president. Cook placed a call to the White House on Tuesday to urge the president to keep the U.S. in the agreement, according to a person familiar with the move. Liveris was the driving force behind a letter from 30 major company executives backing the deal. And Musk tweeted Wednesday that he has “done all I can to advise directly to" Trump. If the U.S. leaves Paris, Musk said he would drop participation in White House advisory councils. Corporate leaders "are continuing to try to get through to the White House in any and every way they can," said Mindy Lubber, president of Ceres, the non-profit sustainability advocacy that works with investors. They "are particularly important stakeholders for this president," she said. More on Trump’s Difficult Choice on Paris Climate Accord: QuickTake Q&A The executives are trying to capitalize on Trump’s "America first" ideology by warning that a withdrawal would put the U.S. at a disadvantage in a global race to develop and deploy clean-energy technology, potentially ceding that market opportunity to China, the world’s top emitter of greenhouse gas emissions. A television advertisement that began running Wednesday cites 10 of "America’s biggest CEOs," including JP Morgan Chase & Co.’s Jamie Dimon and General Electric Co.’s Jeffrey Immelt, as backing the climate pact "because it will benefit American manufacturing and generate jobs." Trump tweeted Wednesday that he would announce his decision on the Paris accord "over the next few days." While Trump is leaning toward exiting the pact, according to people familiar with the White House deliberations, the situation remained fluid amid intense last-minute lobbying. The people requested anonymity because Trump’s decision has not yet been officially announced. The president’s verdict will be driven by "what’s best for the United States," said Gary Cohn, his top economic adviser, during Trump’s recent trip abroad.  Read More: Trump Said to Still Be Mulling Whether to Leave Paris Accord Twenty-five companies, including Intel Corp., Microsoft Corp. and PG&E Corp., have signed on to a letter set to run as a full-page advertisement in the New York Times and Wall Street Journal on Thursday arguing in favor of climate pact. "By expanding markets for innovative clean technologies, the agreement generates jobs and economic growth," the open letter says. "U.S. companies are well positioned to lead in these markets. Withdrawing from the agreement will limit our access to them and could expose us to retaliatory measures." Some companies that favor continued U.S. involvement in the deal stand to benefit directly from greater worldwide demand for lower-emission technology and energy sources, such as natural gas and renewable power. For instance, natural gas producers Exxon Mobil Corp., Royal Dutch Shell Plc and BP Plc have endorsed the pact, as has Cheniere Energy Inc., which exports liquefied natural gas. Campaign Issue Not all corporations are in line on the Paris agreement. Some coal producers, including Murray Energy Corp., vociferously oppose the pact. Robert E. Murray, the founder and chief executive officer of the mining company, told Bloomberg Television on Tuesday that Trump has a responsibility to fulfill his campaign pledges and jettison the agreement. The president should "listen to those who voted for him," Murray said. Others warn that U.S. companies could face repercussions globally, including consumer-driven boycotts of their products. “The business community has spoken with a loud and clear voice that if the decision is to leave Paris it not in line with the thinking of the vast majority of mainstream business in the United States," said David Stearns, communications director for The B Team, a group of corporate leaders urging sustainable practices. "If you look at every sector -- financial, banking, major employers, high-tech, oil and gas, coal companies -- they’ve all been saying that staying in Paris makes sense from a number of perspectives." © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront As Donald Trump nears a final decision on the Paris climate agreement, top corporate executives are mounting a last-minute push aimed at persuading the president that the U.S. has more to lose from abandoning the accord.T musk, trump, ceo, climate 736 Wednesday, 31 May 2017 02:49 PM 2017-49-31 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics Trump Administration Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Politico: Rosenstein Might Have to Recuse Himself From Probe Wednesday, 31 May 2017 22:52 PM A new report questions whether Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein is too involved in the Russia investigation to hel . . . Vice Admiral Syring: 'Confident' Military Can Handle NKorean, Iranian Missile Threats Wednesday, 31 May 2017 22:51 PM A military official was confident about the United States' ability to handle missile threats from North Korea and Iran t . . . WaPost: Russians Might Get US Diplomatic Compounds Back Wednesday, 31 May 2017 22:43 PM The Trump administration reportedly might be ready to hand back to Russia two diplomatic compounds where officials were  . . . More Most Commented DHS Chief Kelly: 'We're Not Hiding Behind a Wall' Friday, 26 May 2017 | 1032 comments No birth certificate, no college transcripts, no social security card, no... WashPost: Kushner, Russia Discussed Secret Communication Channel Friday, 26 May 2017 | 965 comments More wash post humor ...NO facts No evidence No named source.... Report: Trump Decides to Pull US Out of Paris Climate Deal Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | 872 comments This decision is a good one for America. It might be the beginning of the... CNN: Comey to Testify in Public That Trump Pressured Him to End Russia Probe Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | 840 comments Except as political tools because that's all Comey is. A political hack.... Trump: WH 'Leaks' Are 'Fabricated Lies' by 'Fake News' Enemy Sunday, 28 May 2017 | 799 comments The FBI is looking into Kushner, while no one is looking into the FBI. It... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsletters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All Why Bank Stocks Are Falling: Not Enough Drama to Energize Trading James Langford May 31, 2017 3:58 PM EDT Blame it on a dearth of drama. The largest Wall Street banks slid in New York trading on Wednesday after JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and Bank of America (BAC) disclosed double-digit declines in their trading businesses during April and May, which may pressure second-quarter earnings. The drop is largely because of a difficult comparison to a year ago, when Great Britain shocked markets by deciding to pull out of the European Union and fueled a trading boom. In the three months through June 2016, fixed-income trading climbed 35% at JPMorgan, 26% at Bank of America, 20% at Goldman Sachs (GS) and 14% at Citigroup (C) . A subsequent drop in the pound's exchange rate coupled with real estate mogul Donald Trump's surprise victory in the U.S. presidential election and two rate hikes by the Federal Reserve to sustain a surge in fixed-income trading that lasted nine months before fading. "There's not a lot to trade around right now," JPMorgan CFO Marianne Lake said at a conference in New York. "There aren't a lot of market themes, and there haven't been many idiosyncratic events. We need a few more of them." The New York-based bank's markets businesses, which include stock trading as well as fixed-income transactions, have fallen about 15% from the same period a year ago, Lake said.  "We did quite well in 2016," she added. "That's a high bar. We will work hard very hour of every day to replicate or beat it, but it is a high bar." Prev 0 of 3 Next If you liked this article you might like London Stock Exchange Buys Citigroup's Analytics Business London Stock Exchange Buys Citigroup's Analytics Business TheStreet Staff May 30, 2017 7:31 AM EDT 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Tuesday U.S. stock futures point lower Tuesday as Wall Street returns from a long holiday weekend with a raft of economic data to digest in the coming week. Joseph Woelfel May 30, 2017 6:58 AM EDT London Stock Exchange Buys Citigroup's Yield Book Business for $685 Million London Stock Exchange rose Tuesday after it sealed a deal to buy two fixed income assets from Citigroup, barely two months after a tie up with Deutsche Boerse fell apart. James Skinner May 30, 2017 4:42 AM EDT Trending Here's What Happened When Apple's Steve Jobs' Widow Met With Trump After the Immigration Ban FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal Cisco Has Done Its Part to Send Palo Alto Networks Plunging 40% -- Here's Why It Could Now Be a Buy One of the Most Influential Tech Analysts Ever Sees Nearly 7,000 Retail Stores Closing in 2017 Apple and IBM Could Rip Higher This Summer, and So Could This Other Big Tech Name Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Latest News Dow 21,009 -20.82 -0.10% Nasdaq 6,199 -4.67 -0.08% S&P 500 2,412 -1.11 -0.05% 3:01 A.M. ET French CAC 40 index opens up 0.1% to 5,289.26 3:01 A.M. ET German DAX 30 index opens flat at 12,625.35 3:01 A.M. ET FTSE 100 index opens up 0.3% to 7,541.19 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 index opens flat a 389.82 2:56 A.M. ET Updated Ohio sues 5 drug companies over opioid epidemic 2:36 A.M. ET Updated Here are the ways low-income Americans are treated like second-class citizens 2:35 A.M. ET Updated An Amazon engineer is letting people trade stocks with $50,000 of his own money 2:35 A.M. ET Updated Why HPE investors are wondering if they bet on the wrong horse in split 2:33 A.M. ET Updated Opioids are ravaging the U.S., but they’re still the best pain drug we’ve got 2:32 A.M. ET Updated Facebook, Snap are sitting on a $16 billion opportunity 2:32 A.M. ET Updated We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 2:31 A.M. ET Updated Marc Faber—aka Dr. Doom—warns that in financial markets ‘there is a bubble in everything’ 2:30 A.M. ET Updated These commodities clocked the biggest moves in May 2:30 A.M. ET Updated Marc Andreessen says the idea that robots will steal our jobs is a ‘total fallacy’ 2:28 A.M. ET Updated The dirty secret Wall Street tries to hide as it keeps raising stock-price targets 2:27 A.M. ET Updated These stocks are down at least 20% in 2017 but Wall Street loves them anyway 2:26 A.M. ET Updated Is Apple stock a buy? 7 reasons why it is — and 7 why not 1:55 A.M. ET Updated Japan stocks change tack, gain as other Asian markets hit doldrums 1:02 A.M. ET Oil rebounds after API report, but analysts have little faith in gains 12:48 A.M. ET Australian retail sales rebound sharply in April Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada U.S. stocks close lower as financial shares slump By Sue Chang Published: May 31, 2017 4:02 p.m. ET Share By SueChang Markets reporter U.S. stocks fell on Wednesday as financial shares dragged on the broader market, while mixed economic data also dampened buying interest. Bank stocks were notable losers after big industry players J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, -2.09% and Bank of America BAC, -1.86% expressed caution over weakening trading in the second quarter. Meanwhile, pending home sales in April fell 1.3% to 109.8, contrasting with a picture of steady economic growth outlined in the Federal Reserve's Beige Book. The S&P 500 SPX, -0.05% dropped a point to close at 2,411 while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.10% fell 23 points, or 0.1%, to end at 21,006. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.08% shed 4 points to finish at 6,198. Read the full story: Stock market closes lower as banks warn of trading slump, oil drops Quote References JPM -1.75 -2.09% BAC -0.42 -1.86% SPX -1.11 -0.05% DJIA -20.82 -0.10% COMP -4.67 -0.08% Show all references Most Popular Elon Musk says he’ll leave White House councils if Trump quits Paris climate deal When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen This chart spells out in black and white just how many jobs will be lost to robots Rich people don’t make these 5 money mistakes Seven Years Without Google in China MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $82.15 -1.75 (-2.09%) Volume 26.9M Open $83.73 High $83.82 Low $81.64 P/E Ratio 12.66 Div Yield 2.43 Market Cap 298.1B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $22.41 -0.42 (-1.86%) Volume 134.1M Open $22.78 High $22.80 Low $22.09 P/E Ratio 14.18 Div Yield 1.34 Market Cap 228.0B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,411.80 -1.11 (-0.05%) Volume 2.6B Open 2,416 High 2,416 Low 2,404 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,008.65 -20.82 (-0.10%) Volume 371.6M Open 21,048 High 21,052 Low 20,943 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 6,198.52 -4.67 (-0.08%) Volume 0 Open 6,222 High 6,222 Low 6,164 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Latest News Dow 21,009 -20.82 -0.10% Nasdaq 6,199 -4.67 -0.08% S&P 500 2,412 -1.11 -0.05% 3:01 A.M. ET French CAC 40 index opens up 0.1% to 5,289.26 3:01 A.M. ET German DAX 30 index opens flat at 12,625.35 3:01 A.M. ET FTSE 100 index opens up 0.3% to 7,541.19 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 index opens flat a 389.82 2:56 A.M. ET Updated Ohio sues 5 drug companies over opioid epidemic 2:36 A.M. ET Updated Here are the ways low-income Americans are treated like second-class citizens 2:35 A.M. ET Updated An Amazon engineer is letting people trade stocks with $50,000 of his own money 2:35 A.M. ET Updated Why HPE investors are wondering if they bet on the wrong horse in split 2:33 A.M. ET Updated Opioids are ravaging the U.S., but they’re still the best pain drug we’ve got 2:32 A.M. ET Updated Facebook, Snap are sitting on a $16 billion opportunity 2:32 A.M. ET Updated We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 2:31 A.M. ET Updated Marc Faber—aka Dr. Doom—warns that in financial markets ‘there is a bubble in everything’ 2:30 A.M. ET Updated These commodities clocked the biggest moves in May 2:30 A.M. ET Updated Marc Andreessen says the idea that robots will steal our jobs is a ‘total fallacy’ 2:28 A.M. ET Updated The dirty secret Wall Street tries to hide as it keeps raising stock-price targets 2:27 A.M. ET Updated These stocks are down at least 20% in 2017 but Wall Street loves them anyway 2:26 A.M. ET Updated Is Apple stock a buy? 7 reasons why it is — and 7 why not 1:55 A.M. ET Updated Japan stocks change tack, gain as other Asian markets hit doldrums 1:02 A.M. ET Oil rebounds after API report, but analysts have little faith in gains 12:48 A.M. ET Australian retail sales rebound sharply in April Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada U.S. stocks close lower as financial shares slump By Sue Chang Published: May 31, 2017 4:02 p.m. ET Share By SueChang Markets reporter U.S. stocks fell on Wednesday as financial shares dragged on the broader market, while mixed economic data also dampened buying interest. Bank stocks were notable losers after big industry players J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, -2.09% and Bank of America BAC, -1.86% expressed caution over weakening trading in the second quarter. Meanwhile, pending home sales in April fell 1.3% to 109.8, contrasting with a picture of steady economic growth outlined in the Federal Reserve's Beige Book. The S&P 500 SPX, -0.05% dropped a point to close at 2,411 while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.10% fell 23 points, or 0.1%, to end at 21,006. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.08% shed 4 points to finish at 6,198. Read the full story: Stock market closes lower as banks warn of trading slump, oil drops Quote References JPM -1.75 -2.09% BAC -0.42 -1.86% SPX -1.11 -0.05% DJIA -20.82 -0.10% COMP -4.67 -0.08% Show all references Most Popular Elon Musk says he’ll leave White House councils if Trump quits Paris climate deal When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen This chart spells out in black and white just how many jobs will be lost to robots Rich people don’t make these 5 money mistakes Seven Years Without Google in China MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $82.15 -1.75 (-2.09%) Volume 26.9M Open $83.73 High $83.82 Low $81.64 P/E Ratio 12.66 Div Yield 2.43 Market Cap 298.1B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $22.41 -0.42 (-1.86%) Volume 134.1M Open $22.78 High $22.80 Low $22.09 P/E Ratio 14.18 Div Yield 1.34 Market Cap 228.0B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,411.80 -1.11 (-0.05%) Volume 2.6B Open 2,416 High 2,416 Low 2,404 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,008.65 -20.82 (-0.10%) Volume 371.6M Open 21,048 High 21,052 Low 20,943 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 6,198.52 -4.67 (-0.08%) Volume 0 Open 6,222 High 6,222 Low 6,164 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Turkey world middle east europe americas africa asia - pacific economy politics sports health infographics photo video video gallery multimedia other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal anadolu post anadolu post news academy election 2015 Türkçe English BHS Pусский Français العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Anadolu Agency English Turkey 13 martyred in military helicopter crash in Turkey Features archive Turkey warns against supporting PKK and affiliates Features archive Today in 60 seconds Features archive Turkey asks EU for 'unprejudiced' political approach Features archive Turkey dispatches emergency food aid to Yemen’s Taiz Features archive world middle east Moscow: Daesh made deal with PKK/PYD to leave Raqqa Features archive Trump condemns Kabul attack in call with Ghani Features archive Qatari emir arrives in Kuwait amid inter-Gulf tensions Features archive UN: Israel, key cause of Palestinian humanitarian needs Features archive europe EU's Juncker warns Trump against climate deal exit Features archive UN chief to meet Cyprus leaders in New York Features archive UN General Assembly names Slovakian FM next president Features archive New Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic sworn in Features archive americas Trump condemns Kabul attack in call with Ghani Features archive Wall Street closes lower but indexes end month higher Features archive US CEOs urge Trump to stay in Paris agreement Features archive LeBron James' home vandalized with racial slur Features archive africa Kenya: 8 killed in IED attack Features archive Nigerian lawmaker abducted in northwestern state Features archive Senegal’s opposition coalition splits into 3 factions Features archive Kenya launches $3.8 billion high-speed railway Features archive asia - pacific Muslims protest closure of religious schools in Myanmar Features archive Suspect arrested for criticizing army in Pakistan Features archive Duterte cancels Japan trip to deal with militant battle Features archive South Korean leader gets his choice of prime minister Features archive economy Wall Street closes lower but indexes end month higher Features archive Turkey's Borsa Istanbul up at close Features archive Sterling drops after poll suggests hung UK parliament Features archive TurkStream’s construction vessel transits Istanbul Features archive Turkey's energy imports increase by 33 pct in April Features archive politics Russia expels 5 Moldovan diplomats Features archive Senegal’s opposition coalition splits into 3 factions Features archive Putin: Syria de-escalation zones 'important milestone' Features archive AK Party puts the people's will first: Erdogan Features archive Russia concerned over US 'threats' against Syrian army Features archive sports Football: Konyaspor win their first ever Turkish Cup Features archive LeBron James' home vandalized with racial slur Features archive Turkey competes in Everest marathon for the first time Features archive Fenerbahce's Euroleague victory "is for Turkey" Features archive Football: Besiktas claim 15th Turkish league title Features archive health Nearly one in five people is obese in Turkey: Survey Features archive Cholera outbreak kills 532 in Yemen: WHO Features archive WHO stresses environmental impact of tobacco smoking Features archive WHO sends massive aid delivery to cholera-hit Yemen Features archive Turkey donates medical equipment to Kenyan hospital Features archive infographics photo Gaza’s horsemen Pearl mullets' migration begins in Van 500-year-old "sacred relics" exhibit Hedgehogs rescue center in Poland AK Party Group Meeting in Ankara video video gallery TurkStream's construction vessel on way to Black Sea Kabul truck bombing kills at least 50, over 300 wounded Cholera outbreak in Yemen Bomb attack in Iraq multimedia Anadolu Post: Your source for trusted news FETO Exposed: Mithat Aynacı July 15 coup protester martyred 'for the sake of the homeland' FETO Exposed: Adil oksuz other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy anadolu post anadolu post select language Türkçe English BHS Pусский Français العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски US CEOs urge Trump to stay in Paris agreement ‘President Trump, stay in Paris and negotiate a better deal that creates jobs,’ CEOs say home > world, americas 31.05.2017 Övünç Kutlu New York Features archive related news Trump aide sought secret channel with Kremlin US appeals court upholds block on Trump's Muslim ban Trump sends to Congress $4.1 trillion budget plan Trump’s 'terror' label for Hamas draws Palestinian fire US' Trump calls on Muslim leaders to fight extremism By Ovunc Kutlu NEW YORK The CEOs of 10 major American companies urged use a television advertisement Wednesday to urge President Donald Trump to stay in the Paris climate agreement. "We are writing to express our strong support for the United States remaining in the Paris Climate Agreement," it said. "President Trump, stay in Paris and negotiate a better deal that creates jobs," according to the commercial that is also available on YouTube. The advertisement was signed by the heads of 3M, Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Chase, Proctor & Gamble, General Electric, Johnson & Johnson, The Dow Chemical Company, Tesla, Citigroup and The Disney Company. The Paris Agreement, which was spearheaded by former President Barack Obama and signed by 195 countries in April 2016, aims to fight climate change by reducing carbon emissions and limiting global temperature rise to below 2 degrees Celsius. During his election campaign, however, Trump called global warming "a hoax" and promised to scrap the agreement and return jobs to the coal industry that is often an easy target for environmentalists. "I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!," Trump said via Twitter on Wednesday. Anadolu Agency website contains only a portion of the news stories offered to subscribers in the AA News Broadcasting System (HAS), and in summarized form. Please contact us for subscription options. Facebook Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Related Galleries today's headlines 22 : 36 Turkey Turkey warns against supporting PKK and affiliates 12 : 32 world Russian navy hits Daesh targets in Syria's Palmyra 10 : 02 world Kabul truck bombing kills at least 80, over 300 wounded analysis news OPINION - Trump meets European allies: NATO’s future at stake Fenerbahce's Euroleague victory "is for Turkey" Turkey and India pondering over their policy limits PKK’s franchising strategy Hezbollah’s mission impossible US CEOs urge Trump to stay in Paris agreement 1 / 1 US CEOs urge Trump to stay in Paris agreement analysis news corporate news education culture and art life science-technology photo video up corporate history editorial guideliness social media policies ethics commission executive team domestic offices international offices media center contact quality management announcement service sponsorship human resources subscription requests corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy election 2015 mobile services iPhone application iPad application Android application Windows application © Anadolu Agency 2017
News Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Hedge Funds Investing / Portfolio Strategies Money Management People Moves Private Equity Real Estate Special Reports View All Data Research Center Search & Hires RFPs Charts Insights Opinion White Papers Investing/Portfolio Strategies P&I Content Solutions Multimedia Videos Webinars Slideshows Charts Events Conferences Webinars Careers Research Center News News Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Hedge Funds Investing / Portfolio Strategies Money Management People Moves Private Equity Real Estate Special Reports More News Topics Data Data Research Center Searches & Hires RFPs Infographics Charts Sponsored Research Insights Insights Opinion White Papers Investing / Portfolio Strategies P&I Content Solutions Multimedia Multimedia Videos Webinars Slideshows Charts Events Events Conferences Webinars Careers Research Center INTERACTIVE Elon Musk leads CEOs’ full-court press on Paris accord as Trump weighs exit By Pensions & Investments · May 31, 2017 2:55 pm · Updated 3:10 pm Popular Stories Retirement details elusive in budget Complex private credit boosts outsourcing Assets gain 9% on post-election bounce Alternative credit turning heads of LDI proponents Upcoming P&I Conferences view more   Upcoming P&I Webinars view more   White Papers Innovations in DC Investment Options Retirement distribution decisions among DC participants LDI ImplementationManaging Surplus Volatility by Reducing the Drawdown Risk of Growth Assets The timeless case for floating-rate loans as a strategic allocation Lengthening the Investment Time Horizon view more   Advertisment About About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About P&I Content Solutions About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise & Media Kit Editorial Calendar Staff Directory Reprints & Permissions Customer Service Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help & User Feedback Contact Us Affiliates Affiliates InvestmentNews Crain’s New York Business Crain’s Chicago Business All Crain Brands Legal Legal Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Crain Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved.   E-mail Newsletters
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman WOW! Announces the Seventh Amendment to Its Credit Facility ENGLEWOOD, Colo.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–WideOpenWest, Inc. (“WOW!” or the “Company”) (NYSE: WOW) announced today that WideOpenWest Finance, LLC, a subsidiary of the Company, has entered into a seventh amendment to its credit agreement with Credit Suisse AG, as administrative agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the revolver agent, and the other parties thereto (the “Seventh Amendment”). The Seventh Amendment (i) refinances the existing $200 million of borrowings available to WOW! under the revolving credit facility, with an additional $100 million of revolving credit facility borrowings to become available upon compliance by WOW! with certain conditions and (ii) extends the maturity date of the revolving credit facility to May 31, 2022, unless an earlier date is triggered under certain circumstances. Loans under the revolving credit facility will bear interest, at the option of WOW!, at a rate equal to ABR plus 2.00% or LIBOR plus 3.00%. The guarantees, collateral and covenants in the Seventh Amendment remain unchanged from those contained in the credit agreement prior to the Seventh Amendment. About WOW! WOW! is one of the nation’s leading providers of high-speed Internet, cable TV and phone serving communities in the U.S. WOW!’s operating philosophy is to deliver a customer and employee experience that lives up to its name. For more information, please visit www.wowway.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Polypropylene Bitumen Tape Diacetate Market Overview, Development by Companies and Comparative Analysis by 2021 Next PostNext Zambia Pharmaceutical Market Sales Segmentation and Analysis by Recent Trends, Development and Growth by Trending Regions 2017 Search Recent Posts Das International WELL Building Institute™ präsentiert WELL Portfolio™ VDOT ANNOUNCES NEW RICHMOND DISTRICT ENGINEER – Bart Thrasher to oversee construction, maintenance and operations for roads in 14 counties VDOT SELECTS NEW CHIEF OF INNOVATION AND TECHNOLOGY – Cary to Lead Agency into the Future of Transportation L’International WELL Building Institute™ présente WELL Portfolio™ VDOT LIFTS LANE CLOSURES DURING EASTER TRAVEL – Download the free VDOT 511 app for current traffic and road conditions Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 21,009 -20.82 -0.10% Nasdaq 6,199 -4.67 -0.08% S&P 500 2,412 -1.11 -0.05% 3:01 A.M. ET French CAC 40 index opens up 0.1% to 5,289.26 3:01 A.M. ET German DAX 30 index opens flat at 12,625.35 3:01 A.M. ET FTSE 100 index opens up 0.3% to 7,541.19 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 index opens flat a 389.82 2:56 A.M. ET Updated Ohio sues 5 drug companies over opioid epidemic 2:36 A.M. ET Updated Here are the ways low-income Americans are treated like second-class citizens 2:35 A.M. ET Updated An Amazon engineer is letting people trade stocks with $50,000 of his own money 2:35 A.M. ET Updated Why HPE investors are wondering if they bet on the wrong horse in split 2:33 A.M. ET Updated Opioids are ravaging the U.S., but they’re still the best pain drug we’ve got 2:32 A.M. ET Updated Facebook, Snap are sitting on a $16 billion opportunity 2:32 A.M. ET Updated We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 2:31 A.M. ET Updated Marc Faber—aka Dr. Doom—warns that in financial markets ‘there is a bubble in everything’ 2:30 A.M. ET Updated These commodities clocked the biggest moves in May 2:30 A.M. ET Updated Marc Andreessen says the idea that robots will steal our jobs is a ‘total fallacy’ 2:28 A.M. ET Updated The dirty secret Wall Street tries to hide as it keeps raising stock-price targets 2:27 A.M. ET Updated These stocks are down at least 20% in 2017 but Wall Street loves them anyway 2:26 A.M. ET Updated Is Apple stock a buy? 7 reasons why it is — and 7 why not 1:55 A.M. ET Updated Japan stocks change tack, gain as other Asian markets hit doldrums 1:02 A.M. ET Oil rebounds after API report, but analysts have little faith in gains 12:48 A.M. ET Australian retail sales rebound sharply in April Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Banking Stock market’s low volatility and low yields just crushed Goldman, J.P. Morgan and the banking sector By Mark DeCambre Published: May 31, 2017 5:31 p.m. ET Share Goldman’s stock close around 6-month low at $211.26, highlighting pain confronting financial sector Getty Images It’s been a tough Wednesday for Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein. By MarkDeCambre Shares of some of the U.S.’s largest financial institutions are getting hammered Wednesday, led by a sharp drop in Goldman Sachs’s stock, as bank executives were signaling a slump in second-quarter trading, pointing to the possibility of woeful revenue figures in the financial sector. “Performance is quite good, but there’s not a lot to trade around right now. … There haven’t been that many exciting events, and we need a few more of them.” J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -2.09% CFO Marianne Lake said at an industry conference on Wednesday. She said trading was on track to slip 15%, compared with the comparable period a year ago. Those comments played a part in pushing Goldman Sachs Group Inc.’s shares GS, -3.28% to their lowest level in about six months, according to FactSet. Goldman’s shares notched their first record high since the 2007-09 recession back in February, but they have mostly drifted lower since. Wednesday’s 3.3% slide in the blue-chip component exacted a 50-point toll on the price-weighted Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.10% with a 2.2% slide in J.P. Morgan’s shares pulling the Dow down by another 12 points. The Dow finished Wednesday down 0.1% at 21,008, with gains in 3M Co. MMM, +1.00% DuPont Inc. DD, +1.60% and Travelers Cos. Inc. TRV, +0.91%   helping to pare some of the average’s slide. Lake’s comments come as a rally in financials, dubbed the “Trump rally”—borne on hope of Wall Street deregulation, tax cuts and a boost in infrastructure spending—has all but unraveled. The exchange-traded Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF XLF, -0.85% , which posted a 24% gain from Nov. 8, Election Day, to March 2, have dropped 6.7% since that March peak. An ETF tracking regional banks, the SPDR S&P Regional Banking ETF KRE, -0.82% , is off 10% during that period. Bank stocks are the second worst performer among the S&P 500 index’s 11 sectors, losing 1.8% for the month, behind only the energy sector’s 4% tumble. Over the past three months, financials have declined 5.6%, the third worst performance over that stretch behind energy’s 8% drop and a 6.6% fall in telecommunications shares. The downbeat trade for banks comes even as the Federal Reserve is trying to lift interest rates off ultralow levels, which should be supportive of bank’s business models and shares. But a spate of lackluster economic reports, including those on pending home sales, have cast some doubt on how rapidly the central bank will normalize monetary policy, bearish for banks. Providing another headwind are benchmark 10-year Treasury rates TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.31% used to price car loans, mortgages and other debt instruments, which slipped to a five-week low at 2.20% on Wednesday. Benchmark rates have been stubbornly low for months, despite the Fed’s tightening agenda. Those factors have combined to give investors pause about growth prospects for the banking sector. Goldman posted its worst first-quarter performance in 12 years as its bread-and-butter trading business sputtered, leading many to conclude that Wednesday’s warning may augur more pain for the sector unless the economy and rate increases, or both, rev up soon. Uncharacteristically low volatility, with the CBOE Volatility Index VIX, +0.29% trading well below its historic average of 20, has added to trading woes. As Lake suggested, protracted periods of quietude can impede the fee-generating ability of banks, which prosper from high volumes and choppy markets in which investors think they can identify big trading opportunities. Check out: Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? Plus: Are low-volatility stocks in a bubble? More from MarketWatch More Coverage Stock market’s low volatility and low yields just crushed Goldman, J.P. Morgan and the banking sector Obamas buying their swanky D.C. rental home for $8.1 million When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Quote References JPM -1.75 -2.09% GS -7.16 -3.28% DJIA -20.82 -0.10% MMM +2.03 +1.00% DD +1.24 +1.60% TRV +1.12 +0.91% XLF -0.20 -0.85% KRE -0.43 -0.82% TMUBMUSD10Y +0.01 +0.31% VIX +0.03 +0.29% Show all references Most Popular Elon Musk says he’ll leave White House councils if Trump quits Paris climate deal When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen This chart spells out in black and white just how many jobs will be lost to robots Rich people don’t make these 5 money mistakes Seven Years Without Google in China Mark DeCambre Mark DeCambre is MarketWatch's markets editor. He is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @mdecambre. MarketWatch Partner Center Mark DeCambre Mark DeCambre is MarketWatch's markets editor. He is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @mdecambre. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $82.15 -1.75 (-2.09%) Volume 26.9M Open $83.73 High $83.82 Low $81.64 P/E Ratio 12.66 Div Yield 2.43 Market Cap 298.1B Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $211.26 -7.16 (-3.28%) Volume 8.2M Open $218.24 High $218.30 Low $209.62 P/E Ratio 11.22 Div Yield 1.42 Market Cap 86.0B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,008.65 -20.82 (-0.10%) Volume 371.6M Open 21,048 High 21,052 Low 20,943 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A 3M Co. U.S.: NYSE: MMM $204.47 +2.03 (+1.00%) Volume 2.8M Open $202.73 High $204.47 Low $202.27 P/E Ratio 24.72 Div Yield 2.3 Market Cap 121.0B E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co. U.S.: NYSE: DD $78.92 +1.24 (+1.60%) Volume 3.0M Open $77.78 High $78.99 Low $77.35 P/E Ratio 28.85 Div Yield 1.93 Market Cap 67.4B Travelers Cos. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TRV $124.85 +1.12 (+0.91%) Volume 2.0M Open $123.87 High $124.96 Low $123.54 P/E Ratio 12.3 Div Yield 2.31 Market Cap 34.6B Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLF $23.25 -0.20 (-0.85%) Volume 112.6M Open $23.45 High $23.46 Low $23.10 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.51 Market Cap N/A SPDR S&P Regional Banking ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: KRE $51.83 -0.43 (-0.82%) Volume 13.1M Open $52.29 High $52.50 Low $51.09 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.34 Market Cap N/A U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.21% +0.01 (+0.31%) Volume 0 Open 2.21% High 2.22% Low 2.21% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A CBOE Volatility Index MDX CBOE IND: VIX 10.41 +0.03 (+0.29%) Volume 0 Open 10.10 High 11.30 Low 9.93 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Prosecutors to drop charges in Stanley Cup dead catfish toss Teen victims of Alameda crash honored at memorial Golden Gate Bridge board president Dietrich Stroeh dies Californians gloomy about future, poll finds News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA In China, some signs of greater acceptance of LGBT people Afghans mourn a day after massive truck bombing kills 90 Cuban entrepreneurs start first private business group Malaysia Airlines jet diverted in Australia over bomb scare Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Giants dominated by Scherzer, swept by Nationals K’Waun Williams could be key for 49ers’ secondary Why are the A’s striking out so much? Chad Pinder’s two homers lead A’s over Indians Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Planned Parenthood to close 3 Bay Area locations Nightlife bill advances to state Assembly Insured homeowner owed full cost of repairs, appeals court rules Paul Allen just rolled out the world’s largest airplane A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do ‘Wonder Woman’ a different kind of action movie The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Cast is the right match for thoughtful ‘Roommate’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Chris Bleidorn to open Birdsong in former AQ Pascal Rigo to open three new La Boulangerie locations across the Here's why one Whole Foods charges extra for coconuts with a There's a new Tron-themed speakeasy in San Francisco: The Grid at Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities You know you're a real Oakland local if... Bay Area spots, once adored by kids and teens, that no longer Yosemite is gorgeous and crowded now, but what was it like way It's time to add Humboldt's kinetic sculpture race to your Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Italy’s ‘greatest lake’ not just for A-list celebrities Suite Spot: Conrad Bora Bora Nui, French Polynesia Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Sweet Orinda home goes pending in 8 days Berkeley’s Oaks Theatre hits the market at $4.25 million Hot Property: Custom everything awaits in the Claremont Hills These homes for sale all have pretty pools to lounge by Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-05-31/musk-leads-ceos-full-court-press-on-paris-as-trump-weighs-exit Tim Cook calls Trump, Elon Musk threatens to pull back over Paris decision Jennifer A. Dlouhy, Bloomberg Published 10:58 am, Wednesday, May 31, 2017 CBS News reported Wednesday that President Trump is likely to withdraw from the Paris climate deal. Media: GeoBeats (Bloomberg) -- As Donald Trump nears a final decision on the Paris climate agreement, top corporate executives are mounting a last-minute push aimed at persuading the president that the U.S. has more to lose from abandoning the accord. The appeals from chief executives such as Tesla Inc.’s Elon Musk, Tim Cook of Apple Inc. and Dow Chemical Co.’s Andrew Liveris come as Trump’s advisers also present him with closing arguments on the potential risks and rewards of remaining a party to the global pact. Trump also got an earful from foreign leaders and Pope Francis urging him to stay in the agreement during his first international trip as president. Cook placed a call to the White House on Tuesday to urge the president to keep the U.S. in the agreement, according to a person familiar with the move. Liveris was the driving force behind a letter from 30 major company executives backing the deal. And Musk tweeted Wednesday that he has “done all I can to advise directly to" Trump. If the U.S. leaves Paris, Musk said he would drop participation in White House advisory councils. Corporate leaders "are continuing to try to get through to the White House in any and every way they can," said Mindy Lubber, president of Ceres, the non-profit sustainability advocacy that works with investors. They "are particularly important stakeholders for this president," she said. Begin Slideshow 26 Photo: Evan Vucci, Associated Press Image 1of/26 Caption Close Image 1 of 26 Apple CEO Tim Cook, right, and PayPal founder Peter Thiel, center, listen as President-elect Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with technology industry leaders at Trump Tower in New York, Wednesday, Dec. 14, 2016. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) less Apple CEO Tim Cook, right, and PayPal founder Peter Thiel, center, listen as President-elect Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with technology industry leaders at Trump Tower in New York, Wednesday, Dec. 14, ... more Photo: Evan Vucci, Associated Press Image 2 of 26 Tim Cook, chief executive officer of Apple Inc., from left, Safra Catz, co-chief executive officer of Oracle Corp., and Elon Musk, chief executive officer and co-founder of Tesla Motors Inc., listen during a meeting with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump and technology leaders at Trump Tower in New York, U.S., on Wednesday, Dec. 14, 2016. Technology industry leaders met with Trump seeking to persuade a man whose presidential bid many of them opposed to avoid policies they believe would hurt their companies. �I�m here to help you folks do well,� Trump told the executives as the meeting began. Photographer: Albin Lohr-Jones/Pool via Bloomberg less Tim Cook, chief executive officer of Apple Inc., from left, Safra Catz, co-chief executive officer of Oracle Corp., and Elon Musk, chief executive officer and co-founder of Tesla Motors Inc., listen during a ... more Photo: Albin Lohr-Jones, Bloomberg Image 3 of 26 Elon Musk, co-founder and chief executive officer of Tesla, right, and is shown Feb. 3, 2017, with Steve Bannon, left, chief strategist for President Donald Trump, at a Strategic and Policy Forum meeting with Trump in the State Dining Room of the White House. (MUST CREDIT: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg) less Elon Musk, co-founder and chief executive officer of Tesla, right, and is shown Feb. 3, 2017, with Steve Bannon, left, chief strategist for President Donald Trump, at a Strategic and Policy Forum meeting with ... more Photo: Andrew Harrer, Bloomberg Image 4 of 26 Click through the slideshow to see the major developments from President Trump's first term in office. Click through the slideshow to see the major developments from President Trump's first term in office. Photo: Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. Image 5 of 26 Withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) - Jan. 23 One of President Trump's first executive actions was to pull out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a trade deal Trump said he believes will hurt U.S manufacturing jobs. less Withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) - Jan. 23 One of President Trump's first executive actions was to pull out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a trade deal Trump said he believes will ... more Photo: Pool Image 6 of 26 Pipeline approval - Jan. 24 President Trump signed an executive order Jan. 24 to clear the way for the Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipeline in North Dakota. Pipeline approval - Jan. 24 President Trump signed an executive order Jan. 24 to clear the way for the Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipeline in North Dakota. Photo: DOUG MILLS, NYT Image 7 of 26 Strengthening ICE, deportation instructions and cracking down on sanctuary cities President Trump signed an executive order that calls for the hiring of 10,000 more Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents. Also included in the order is a mandate for federal agencies to "step up" and deport undocumented immigrants who have been convicted of a crime, charged with a crime, committed a chargeable offense, misrepresented themselves to the government, abused a welfare program, are under deportation order and who may “in the judgment of an immigration officer, otherwise pose a risk to public safety or national security." The order also calls for the U.S Attorney General and Secretary of Homeland Security to block federal grants to "sanctuary cities" that do not follow federal immigration laws. Pictured: In this Aug. 17, 2015 file photo, Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officers arrest a man in San Antonio, Texas. less Strengthening ICE, deportation instructions and cracking down on sanctuary cities President Trump signed an executive order that calls for the hiring of 10,000 more Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents. ... more Photo: John Davenport, Staff / San Antonio Express-News Image 8 of 26 "New vetting measures" for immigrants - Jan. 27 President Trump signed an executive order on Jan. 27 barring all refugees from entering the U.S. and calling for "new vetting measures." All refugees were not allowed to come to the U.S. for four months and those from war-ravaged Syria were indefinitely barred.   "I'm establishing new vetting measures to keep radical Islamic terrorists out of the United States of America. We don't want 'em here," Trump said. "We want to ensure that we are not admitting into our country the very threats our soldiers are fighting overseas. We only want to admit those into our country who will support our country and love deeply our people." less "New vetting measures" for immigrants - Jan. 27 President Trump signed an executive order on Jan. 27 barring all refugees from entering the U.S. and calling for "new vetting measures." All refugees ... more Photo: MANDEL NGAN, AFP/Getty Images Image 9 of 26 Immigration ban for seven majority Muslim countries - Jan. 27 The president's most controversial executive order suspending U.S. immigration and travel for citizens of Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days, until "new vetting measures" are established. Thousands of Americans took to airports to protest the order, which caused chaos as a number of travelers were held in limbo at airports. less Immigration ban for seven majority Muslim countries - Jan. 27 The president's most controversial executive order suspending U.S. immigration and travel for citizens of Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria ... more Photo: Marcus Yam/LA Times Via Getty Images Image 10 of 26 A call for a plan to defeat ISIS President Trump signed a presidential memorandum that commands Secretary of Defense James Mattis to develop a plan to defeat ISIS within 30 days. Pictured: Afghan Solidarity members burn an IS flag during a rally against the Islamic State (IS) group in Iraq and the US Presence in Afghanistan. less A call for a plan to defeat ISIS President Trump signed a presidential memorandum that commands Secretary of Defense James Mattis to develop a plan to defeat ISIS within 30 days. Pictured: Afghan ... more Photo: WAKIL KOHSAR, AFP/Getty Images Image 11 of 26 Appointment of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court - Feb. 1 President Trump appointed federal judge Neil Gorsuch to fill the vacant Supreme Court seat left by Antonin Scalia. Prior to his nomination, Gorsuch served as an appellate judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. less Appointment of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court - Feb. 1 President Trump appointed federal judge Neil Gorsuch to fill the vacant Supreme Court seat left by Antonin Scalia. Prior to his nomination, Gorsuch ... more Photo: AL DRAGO, NYT Image 12 of 26 New sanctions on Iran - Feb. 3 The Trump ordered new sanctions on Iran after the country conducted a ballistic missile test. “The days of turning a blind eye to Iran’s hostile and belligerent actions toward the United States and the world community are over,” Michael Flynn, President Trump’s national security adviser, said in a statement. less New sanctions on Iran - Feb. 3 The Trump ordered new sanctions on Iran after the country conducted a ballistic missile test. “The days of turning a blind eye to Iran’s hostile and belligerent actions toward ... more Photo: Vahid Salemi, Associated Press Image 13 of 26 Nomination of Alexander Acosta as Secretary of Labor- Feb. 16 President Trump nominated Alexander Acosta, a former U.S. attorney in Miami and dean of Florida International University’s College of Law after Andy Puzder withdrew his nomination for the position. less Nomination of Alexander Acosta as Secretary of Labor- Feb. 16 President Trump nominated Alexander Acosta, a former U.S. attorney in Miami and dean of Florida International University’s College of Law after ... more Photo: Joe Raedle Image 14 of 26 Revised travel ban - March 6 After the previous travel ban was put on hold by a federal judge, the president signed a revised executive order on immigration. Some of the major changes include: removing Iraq from the list of countries subject to the ban, changing the Syrian refugee waiting time from indefinitely to 90 days, and allowing green card holders to come and go as they please. The ban was blocked by a Hawaii judge, who questioned the motivations of the ban. less Revised travel ban - March 6 After the previous travel ban was put on hold by a federal judge, the president signed a revised executive order on immigration. Some of the major changes include: removing Iraq from ... more Photo: White House Image 15 of 26 American Health Care Act reveal - March 7 President Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan unveiled the American Health Care Act, the GOP-written bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. The bill has been criticized by both Republicans and Democrats. less American Health Care Act reveal - March 7 President Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan unveiled the American Health Care Act, the GOP-written bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. The bill has been criticized ... more Image 16 of 26 Authorization of NASA funding, Mars exploration - March 21 President Trump signed a bill that authorizes $19.5 billion in NASA spending for the 2018 fiscal year. This was the first authorization bill to reach the president's desk since 2010. The bill also makes the putting humans on Mars a "priority" for the agency. less Authorization of NASA funding, Mars exploration - March 21 President Trump signed a bill that authorizes $19.5 billion in NASA spending for the 2018 fiscal year. This was the first authorization bill to reach ... more Photo: DOUG MILLS, STF / NYT Image 17 of 26 American Health Care Act pulled from House floor - March 24 After facing too many defections from House Republicans, President Trump and Speaker Ryan were forced to pull the American Health Care Act from the House floor. Moderate Republicans thought the bill went too far in removing health programs, and more conservative Republicans called the bill "Obamacare lite." less American Health Care Act pulled from House floor - March 24 After facing too many defections from House Republicans, President Trump and Speaker Ryan were forced to pull the American Health Care Act from the ... more Photo: STEPHEN CROWLEY, NYT Image 18 of 26 Missile strike on Syria - April 6 Following the Syrian government's use of chemical weapons on civilians, President Trump authorized the firing of 50-60 tomahawk missiles on the Syrian airbase that launched the attack.  less Missile strike on Syria - April 6 Following the Syrian government's use of chemical weapons on civilians, President Trump authorized the firing of 50-60 tomahawk missiles on the Syrian airbase that launched the ... more Photo: ROBERT S. PRICE, US Navy Image 19 of 26 Dropping the "mother of all bombs" on an ISIS-held tunnel in Afghanistan - April 13 President Trump praised the strike, stating: "We have the greatest military in the world, and they've done a job as usual, so we have given them total authorization, and that's what they're doing. And, frankly, that's why they've been so successful lately. If you look at what's happened over the last eight weeks and compare that, really, to what's happened over the last eight years, you'll see there's a tremendous difference." less Dropping the "mother of all bombs" on an ISIS-held tunnel in Afghanistan - April 13 President Trump praised the strike, stating: "We have the greatest military in the world, and they've done a job as usual, so ... more Photo: US Air Force, TNS Image 20 of 26 Proposed tariff on Canadian lumber - April 25 The Trump administration is proposing 24% duties on "softwood" lumber imported from Canada. "People don't realize Canada's been very rough on the United States," President Trump stated. "Everyone thinks of Canada as being wonderful, and so do I. I love Canada. But they've outsmarted our politicians for many years." less Proposed tariff on Canadian lumber - April 25 The Trump administration is proposing 24% duties on "softwood" lumber imported from Canada. "People don't realize Canada's been very rough on the United States," ... more Photo: Pool, Getty Images Image 21 of 26 Unveiling of tax plan - April 26 The White House unveiled their highly-anticipated tax plan, which includes reducing the corporate tax rate to 15 percent. It also reduces the number of tax brackets from seven to three. less Unveiling of tax plan - April 26 The White House unveiled their highly-anticipated tax plan, which includes reducing the corporate tax rate to 15 percent. It also reduces the number of tax brackets from seven to ... more Photo: Mark Wilson, Getty Images Image 22 of 26 Revised American Health Care Act clears the House - May 4 A new version of the AHCA narrowly passed the House after earning the backing of the conservative House Freedom Caucus. Some of the new components of the bill include allowing states to opt out of Obamacare mandates (including one that prohibits insurance companies from discriminating against individuals with pre-existing conditions) and Medicaid cuts. less Revised American Health Care Act clears the House - May 4 A new version of the AHCA narrowly passed the House after earning the backing of the conservative House Freedom Caucus. Some of the new components of the ... more Photo: Evan Vucci, Associated Press Image 23 of 26 Firing of James Comey - May 9 President Trump abruptly fired embattled FBI Director James Comey and admitted to NBC's Lester Holt that the firing came down to Comey's handling of the Russia probe. "When I decided to (fire Comey), I said to myself, I said you know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made up story," Trump said. less Firing of James Comey - May 9 President Trump abruptly fired embattled FBI Director James Comey and admitted to NBC's Lester Holt that the firing came down to Comey's handling of the Russia probe. "When I ... more Photo: Carolyn Kaster / Associated Press Image 24 of 26 Leaking of classified information to Russian diplomats - May 15 The Washington Post reported that President Trump revealed highly-classified information regarding the Islamic State to the Russian foreign minister and US ambassador during a closed-door meeting in the Oval Office. The information came from an unnamed ally who reportedly did not give the US permission to share it. less Leaking of classified information to Russian diplomats - May 15 The Washington Post reported that President Trump revealed highly-classified information regarding the Islamic State to the Russian foreign ... more Photo: AFP / Russian Foreign Ministry Image 25 of 26 First foreign trip - May 20-27 Trump embarked on his first foreign trip as president of the United States in late May. He visited Saudi Arabia, Israel, Rome and Brussels. First foreign trip - May 20-27 Trump embarked on his first foreign trip as president of the United States in late May. He visited Saudi Arabia, Israel, Rome and Brussels. Photo: AFP/AFP/Getty Images Image 26 of 26 Tim Cook calls Trump, Elon Musk threatens to pull back over Paris decision 1 / 26 Back to Gallery The executives are trying to capitalize on Trump’s "America first" ideology by warning that a withdrawal would put the U.S. at a disadvantage in a global race to develop and deploy clean-energy technology, potentially ceding that market opportunity to China, the world’s top emitter of greenhouse gas emissions. A television advertisement that began running Wednesday cites 10 of "America’s biggest CEOs," including JP Morgan Chase & Co.’s Jamie Dimon and General Electric Co.’s Jeffrey Immelt, as backing the climate pact "because it will benefit American manufacturing and generate jobs." Trump tweeted Wednesday that he would announce his decision on the Paris accord "over the next few days." While Trump is leaning toward exiting the pact, according to people familiar with the White House deliberations, the situation remained fluid amid intense last-minute lobbying. The people requested anonymity because Trump’s decision has not yet been officially announced. The president’s verdict will be driven by "what’s best for the United States," said Gary Cohn, his top economic adviser, during Trump’s recent trip abroad.  Twenty-five companies, including Intel Corp., Microsoft Corp. and PG&E Corp., have signed on to a letter set to run as a full-page advertisement in the New York Times and Wall Street Journal on Thursday arguing in favor of climate pact. "By expanding markets for innovative clean technologies, the agreement generates jobs and economic growth," the open letter says. "U.S. companies are well positioned to lead in these markets. Withdrawing from the agreement will limit our access to them and could expose us to retaliatory measures." Some companies that favor continued U.S. involvement in the deal stand to benefit directly from greater worldwide demand for lower-emission technology and energy sources, such as natural gas and renewable power. For instance, natural gas producers Exxon Mobil Corp., Royal Dutch Shell Plc and BP Plc have endorsed the pact, as has Cheniere Energy Inc., which exports liquefied natural gas. Campaign Issue Not all corporations are in line on the Paris agreement. Some coal producers, including Murray Energy Corp., vociferously oppose the pact. Robert E. Murray, the founder and chief executive officer of the mining company, told Bloomberg Television on Tuesday that Trump has a responsibility to fulfill his campaign pledges and jettison the agreement. The president should "listen to those who voted for him," Murray said. Others warn that U.S. companies could face repercussions globally, including consumer-driven boycotts of their products. “The business community has spoken with a loud and clear voice that if the decision is to leave Paris it not in line with the thinking of the vast majority of mainstream business in the United States," said David Stearns, communications director for The B Team, a group of corporate leaders urging sustainable practices. "If you look at every sector -- financial, banking, major employers, high-tech, oil and gas, coal companies -- they’ve all been saying that staying in Paris makes sense from a number of perspectives." --With assistance from Alex Webb Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Teen victims of Alameda crash honored at memorial GG Bridge board president Dietrich Stroeh dies White House grants ethics waivers to 17 appointees Riders stuck on subway throw makeshift graduation ceremony This media/entertainment CEO named least likable Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video NorCal venue cancels Kathy Griffin show Your Costco membership about to get more expensive GOP congressman: God will 'take care of' climate change Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Gov. Brown says states should act if Trump quits climate deal These experts say it may be best if US leaves climate deal Top misspelled words by state, according to Google 18 common spelling mistakes that make you look dumb Paul Allen just rolled out the world’s largest airplane Southwest testing faster deplaning at SJ airport Could SF tech CEO’s show pull Fox to middle? No defense for colleges’ speech ‘zones’ TODAY'S TOP PICKS Twitter loses its mind over Trump's midnight 'covfefe' tweet Planning a Sierra trip this summer? You may want to delay Movies and shows coming to Netflix, HBO, more in June Most Popular 1 New: Oakland-Rome nonstops $420 roundtrip 2 GOP congressman who believes in climate change says God will... 3 Your Costco membership is about to get more expensive 4 Paul Allen just rolled out the world’s largest airplane 5 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver to death 6 Grass Valley venue cancels Kathy Griffin show due to... 7 Video: Passenger forcibly removed from Delta flight 8 Feeling insulted, Mexican to market 'Trump' toilet paper 9 K’Waun Williams could be key for 49ers’ secondary 10 White House grants ethics waivers to 17 appointees, including... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi JLL Income Property Trust Closes $250 Million Credit Facility News provided by JLL Income Property Trust 31 May, 2017, 12:31 ET Share this article CHICAGO, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- JLL Income Property Trust, an institutionally managed daily NAV REIT (NASDAQ: ZIPTAX; ZIPTMX; ZIPIAX; ZIPIMX), announced it has secured a $250 million credit facility with a syndicate of six market-leading real estate lenders. The credit facility contains an accordion feature that can increase the facility up to a total of $500 million, and has a three-year term with two 12-month extension options, bearing an interest based on LIBOR plus a spread ranging from 1.25% to 2.00%. "We appreciate the recognition by these six major financial institutions of our investment strategy, the size and quality of our portfolio, and our investment performance track record," said Allan Swaringen, President and CEO of JLL Income Property Trust. "This new facility is an excellent addition to our strategy, and will be used to accelerate acquisitions and increase the financial flexibility of JLL Income Property Trust in pursuit of our investment objectives." The six lenders in the credit facility syndicate are led by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Sole Bookrunner, Joint Lead Arranger and Administrative Agent, and include Bank of America, N.A., and PNC Bank, National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and PNC Bank, National Association as Joint Lead Arrangers. Other lenders participating in the syndicated credit facility include Wells Fargo Bank, a National Association; Fifth Third Bank, an Ohio Banking Corporation; and BMO Harris Bank N.A. JLL Income Property Trust is an institutionally managed, daily NAV REIT that gives investors access to a growing portfolio of commercial real estate investments selected by an institutional investment management team and sponsored by one of the world's leading real estate services firms. For more information on JLL Income Property Trust, please visit our website at www.jllipt.com. Contact:    Matt Schuler Telephone:   +1-312-897-4192 Email:       matt.schuler@lasalle.com  Mobile:          +1-312-550-2986 About JLL Income Property Trust (NASDAQ: ZIPTAX; ZIPTMX; ZIPIAX; ZIPIMX), Jones Lang LaSalle Income Property Trust, Inc. is a daily NAV REIT that owns and manages a diversified portfolio of high quality, income-producing apartments, industrial, office and retail properties located primarily in the United States. JLL Income Property Trust expects to further diversify its real estate portfolio over time, including on a global basis. For more information, visit www.jllipt.com. About LaSalle Investment Management LaSalle Investment Management, Inc., a member of the JLL group and advisor to JLL Income Property Trust, is one of the world's leading global real estate investment managers with nearly 700 employees in 17 countries worldwide and approximately $58 billion of assets under management of private and public property equity and debt investments. LaSalle's diverse client base includes public and private pension funds, insurance companies, governments, endowments and private individuals from across the globe. For more information, visit www.lasalle.com. Forward Looking Statements and Future Results This press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to JLL Income Property Trust. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not descriptions of historical facts and include statements regarding management's intentions, beliefs, expectations, plans or predictions of the future. Because such statements include risks, uncertainties and contingencies, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Past performance is not indicative of future results. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jll-income-property-trust-closes-250-million-credit-facility-300466344.html SOURCE JLL Income Property Trust Related Links http://www.jllipt.com 18 May, 2017, 09:00 ET Preview: JLL Income Property Trust Announces 2017 First Quarter Earnings Call My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 15 May, 2017, 13:08 ET JLL Income Property Trust Announces 2017 First Quarter Earnings... 15 May, 2017, 13:08 ET JLL Income Property Trust Declares 22nd Consecutive Quarterly... Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services Real Estate You just read: JLL Income Property Trust Closes $250 Million Credit Facility News provided by JLL Income Property Trust 31 May, 2017, 12:31 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman JLL Income Property Trust Closes $250 Million Credit Facility CHICAGO, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — JLL Income Property Trust, an institutionally managed daily NAV REIT (NASDAQ: ZIPTAX; ZIPTMX; ZIPIAX; ZIPIMX), announced it has secured a $250 million credit facility with a syndicate of six market-leading real estate lenders. The credit facility contains an accordion feature that can increase the facility up to a total of $500 million, and has a three-year term with two 12-month extension options, bearing an interest based on LIBOR plus a spread ranging from 1.25% to 2.00%. „We appreciate the recognition by these six major financial institutions of our investment strategy, the size and quality of our portfolio, and our investment performance track record,” said Allan Swaringen, President and CEO of JLL Income Property Trust. „This new facility is an excellent addition to our strategy, and will be used to accelerate acquisitions and increase the financial flexibility of JLL Income Property Trust in pursuit of our investment objectives.” The six lenders in the credit facility syndicate are led by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Sole Bookrunner, Joint Lead Arranger and Administrative Agent, and include Bank of America, N.A., and PNC Bank, National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and PNC Bank, National Association as Joint Lead Arrangers. Other lenders participating in the syndicated credit facility include Wells Fargo Bank, a National Association; Fifth Third Bank, an Ohio Banking Corporation; and BMO Harris Bank N.A. JLL Income Property Trust is an institutionally managed, daily NAV REIT that gives investors access to a growing portfolio of commercial real estate investments selected by an institutional investment management team and sponsored by one of the world’s leading real estate services firms. For more information on JLL Income Property Trust, please visit our website at www.jllipt.com. About JLL Income Property Trust (NASDAQ: ZIPTAX; ZIPTMX; ZIPIAX; ZIPIMX), Jones Lang LaSalle Income Property Trust, Inc. is a daily NAV REIT that owns and manages a diversified portfolio of high quality, income-producing apartments, industrial, office and retail properties located primarily in the United States. JLL Income Property Trust expects to further diversify its real estate portfolio over time, including on a global basis. For more information, visit www.jllipt.com. About LaSalle Investment Management LaSalle Investment Management, Inc., a member of the JLL group and advisor to JLL Income Property Trust, is one of the world’s leading global real estate investment managers with nearly 700 employees in 17 countries worldwide and approximately $58 billion of assets under management of private and public property equity and debt investments. LaSalle’s diverse client base includes public and private pension funds, insurance companies, governments, endowments and private individuals from across the globe. For more information, visit www.lasalle.com. Forward Looking Statements and Future Results This press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to JLL Income Property Trust. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not descriptions of historical facts and include statements regarding management’s intentions, beliefs, expectations, plans or predictions of the future. Because such statements include risks, uncertainties and contingencies, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Past performance is not indicative of future results. SOURCE JLL Income Property Trust CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Glance Technologies Inc (GLNNF: OTCQB) | Glance Named in Top 25 Up &amp; Comers in the Branham300 Annual List of Top Technology Companies in Canada Next PostNext Agricultural Herbicides LABSA Market Professional Survey by Booming Types & Application Report 2017 and Growth Forecasts to 2022 Search Recent Posts Les cadres de SynteractHCR vont souligner l’importance de l’expertise en matière de recherche clinique en faisant des présentations et en assistant à diverses conférences durant le mois de juin BUYINS.NET: CPHC SqueezeTrigger Price is $10.67. There is $37,975 That Short Sellers Still Need To Cover. L’International WELL Building Institute™ presenta il WELL Portfolio™ Het International WELL Building Institute™ kondigt WELL Portfolio™ aan Why J. Jill, Inc. Stock Popped Today Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 21,009 -20.82 -0.10% Nasdaq 6,199 -4.67 -0.08% S&P 500 2,412 -1.11 -0.05% 3:01 A.M. ET French CAC 40 index opens up 0.1% to 5,289.26 3:01 A.M. ET German DAX 30 index opens flat at 12,625.35 3:01 A.M. ET FTSE 100 index opens up 0.3% to 7,541.19 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 index opens flat a 389.82 2:56 A.M. ET Updated Ohio sues 5 drug companies over opioid epidemic 2:36 A.M. ET Updated Here are the ways low-income Americans are treated like second-class citizens 2:35 A.M. ET Updated An Amazon engineer is letting people trade stocks with $50,000 of his own money 2:35 A.M. ET Updated Why HPE investors are wondering if they bet on the wrong horse in split 2:33 A.M. ET Updated Opioids are ravaging the U.S., but they’re still the best pain drug we’ve got 2:32 A.M. ET Updated Facebook, Snap are sitting on a $16 billion opportunity 2:32 A.M. ET Updated We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 2:31 A.M. ET Updated Marc Faber—aka Dr. Doom—warns that in financial markets ‘there is a bubble in everything’ 2:30 A.M. ET Updated These commodities clocked the biggest moves in May 2:30 A.M. ET Updated Marc Andreessen says the idea that robots will steal our jobs is a ‘total fallacy’ 2:28 A.M. ET Updated The dirty secret Wall Street tries to hide as it keeps raising stock-price targets 2:27 A.M. ET Updated These stocks are down at least 20% in 2017 but Wall Street loves them anyway 2:26 A.M. ET Updated Is Apple stock a buy? 7 reasons why it is — and 7 why not 1:55 A.M. ET Updated Japan stocks change tack, gain as other Asian markets hit doldrums 1:02 A.M. ET Oil rebounds after API report, but analysts have little faith in gains 12:48 A.M. ET Australian retail sales rebound sharply in April Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts Stock market closes lower as banks warn of trading slump, oil drops By Wallace Witkowski and Mark DeCambre Published: May 31, 2017 4:40 p.m. ET Share Fed’s Beige Book appears to support June rate increase Getty Images Goldman’s shares were cutting 50 points from the blue-chip gauge. By WallaceWitkowski Reporter MarkDeCambre Editor’s note: Chicago-area economic activity rose to a 2½-year high in May. MNI Indicator earlier released an incorrect report on Chicago-area economic activity, representing a fall in May. The Chicago business barometer, or Chicago PMI, rose to 59.4 in May from 58.3. U.S. stocks closed lower on Wednesday, but off their worst levels of the session, notching gains for the month as a slump in bank shares and a mixed reading of economic reports weighed on investor sentiment. The S&P 500 index SPX, -0.05% fell 1.11 points, or less than 0.1%, to close at 2,411.80, recovering from an earlier 9-point deficit, with only four of the market gauge’s 11 sectors closing lower. The financial sector finished down 0.8%, representing the worst performer, and energy shares closed down 0.4%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.10%  closed down 20.82 points, or 0.1%, at 21,008.65, with shares of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -2.09% and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, -3.28% dragging blue chips firmly into the red with more than 2% losses. Combined, the pair of bank stocks contributed to the lion’s share of the Dow’s loss. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.08% after briefly touching an intraday high of 6,221.99, finished down 4.67 points, or less than 0.1%, at 6,198.52. For the month, the Nasdaq has been the best-performing among major indexes, up 2.5% in May, followed by a 1.2% gain for the S&P 500. Both indexes had their best monthly percentage gains since February. The Dow hung on to a meager gain of 0.3%. Financials took a hit because two of the largest U.S. banks signaled signs of a trading slowdown on the same day, said Ian Winer, head of the equities division at Wedbush Securities. Both J.P. Morgan Chase and Bank of America Corp. BAC, -1.86%  cautioned at an industry conferences on Wednesday that trading is weakening in the second quarter. Couple that with the drop in oil prices and reports that former FBI Director James Comey will publicly testify that President Donald Trump pushed him to end the probe into former national-security adviser Michael Flynn and you have a market that is going to sell off, Winer said. Energy shares continued their downtrend Wednesday with U.S. crude-oil prices CLN7, +0.91% dipping below $48 and settling down 2.7% at $48.32 a barrel. “Banks are being cautious and that has to make people a little nervous, and the market continues to plow money into the same names everyday,” said Winer, citing stocks like Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.21% Alphabet Inc. GOOG, -1.13% GOOGL, -0.91% Tesla Inc. TSLA, +1.76%  and Nvidia Corp. NVDA, -0.36% all of which are up 25% or more for the year. “I’m concerned that there are quantitative models out there that are ‘buy high, buy higher’ so you have this strange phenomenon feeding on itself where [those stocks] become a bigger part of the S&P 500,” he said. The benchmarks took a decided turn for the worse Wednesday after a reading for pending-home sales came in below expectations. Pending-home sales from the National Association of Realtors fell 1.3% to a level of 109.8 from a reduction in the March reading. Meanwhile, a gauge of economic health, the Chicago business barometer, or Chicago PMI, rose to 59.4 in May, its highest level in 2½ years. Earlier, reporting agency MNI Indicators had mistakenly said the gauge fell to 55.2. Any reading over 50 indicates improving conditions. Stocks pared gains slightly following the corrected PMI reading. The Federal Reserve’s Beige Book, or anecdotal report of regional conditions, said the economy is still growing at a “modest or moderate” pace, appearing to support a June rate increase. Even so, the market may be at a tipping point where a recent trend of soft data may support bearish views that economic growth doesn’t warrant two additional rate hikes by the Federal Reserve in 2017, said Colin Cieszynski, chief market strategist at CMC Markets. The Fed is widely expected to lift rates in June by a quarter point. “The question the market is grappling with is, is the Fed raising rates in an environment in which perhaps the economic data are weakening more than you should see for a rate-hike cycle?” said Quincy Krosby, chief market strategist at Prudential Financial. “The Fed has been clear [in past policy statements] that weaker data are just noise and that we are moving toward a stronger economic backdrop but at this stage the dollar should rise; also, we see 10-year yields which haven’t moved higher,” she said. Indeed, the yield on the 10-year Treasury note TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.31% hit a five-week low, dropping below 2.20% on Wednesday, while the dollar, as measured by the ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, +0.01% a gauge of the buck against six rivals, traded lower for most of the day but was last up 0.1%. “People are looking for reasons to buy, but it doesn’t take a lot for markets to tumble back,” Cieszynski said. “I think some traders are starting to throw in the towel.” Need to know: Tech rally overdone? The case for buying other stock sectors now Read: This money manager sees no end in sight for bull market. Fed speakers: Among Fed speakers, San Francisco Fed President John Williams will give a speech on “global economic and financial challenges” at the Bank of Korea International Conference 2017 in Seoul, South Korea, at 8:10 p.m. Eastern. Stocks to watch: Shares of Michael Kors Holdings Inc. KORS, -8.52% finished down 8.5% after the maker of high-end accessories and clothing posted a loss for its fiscal fourth quarter and spoke of a challenging market. Energy stocks also performed poorly on the slip in oil, but pared losses a bit by the close. Shares of Transocean Ltd. RIG, -1.84%  declined 1.9%, Chesapeake Energy Corp. CHK, -0.78%  dipped 0.8%, and Murphy Oil Corp. MUR, -1.05%  fell 1.1%. Vera Bradley Inc. VRA, +10.71%  shares finished 11% higher, despite a weak quarterly report. Other markets: Stocks in Asia ADOW, +0.02%  had a mixed day, while Chinese equities inched higher after a gauge of manufacturing beat forecasts. European stocks SXXP, -0.13%  finished fractionally lower. The FTSE 100 index UKX, -0.09%  gave back earlier gains, closing in the red on fresh parliamentary election jitters. The pound GBPUSD, -0.2948%  was trading around $1.29, in up-and-down trade for sterling ahead of the coming U.K. election. Gold prices GCN7, -0.46%  settled up 0.8% at $1,275.40 an ounce as the dollar slumped, giving dollar-priced assets room to climb, because a weaker dollar makes those assets more attractive to buyers using weaker currencies. —Barbara Kollmeyer in Madrid contributed to this article. More from MarketWatch More Coverage Facebook, Snap are sitting on a $16 billion opportunity 10 years later, my sister still hasn’t distributed $100,000 in stock from her ex-boyfriend’s will Stock market’s low volatility and low yields just crushed Goldman, J.P. Morgan and the banking sector Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References SPX -1.11 -0.05% DJIA -20.82 -0.10% JPM -1.75 -2.09% GS -7.16 -3.28% COMP -4.67 -0.08% BAC -0.42 -1.86% CLN7 +0.44 +0.91% AMZN -2.08 -0.21% GOOG -11.02 -1.13% GOOGL -9.08 -0.91% TSLA +5.91 +1.76% NVDA -0.52 -0.36% TMUBMUSD10Y +0.01 +0.31% DXY +0.01 +0.01% KORS -3.09 -8.52% RIG -0.17 -1.84% CHK -0.04 -0.78% MUR -0.26 -1.05% VRA +0.91 +10.71% ADOW +0.65 +0.02% SXXP -0.51 -0.13% UKX -6.56 -0.09% GBPUSD -0.0038 -0.2948% GCN7 -5.90 -0.46% Show all references Most Popular Elon Musk says he’ll leave White House councils if Trump quits Paris climate deal When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen This chart spells out in black and white just how many jobs will be lost to robots Rich people don’t make these 5 money mistakes Seven Years Without Google in China MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,411.80 -1.11 (-0.05%) Volume 2.6B Open 2,416 High 2,416 Low 2,404 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,008.65 -20.82 (-0.10%) Volume 371.6M Open 21,048 High 21,052 Low 20,943 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $82.15 -1.75 (-2.09%) Volume 26.9M Open $83.73 High $83.82 Low $81.64 P/E Ratio 12.66 Div Yield 2.43 Market Cap 298.1B Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $211.26 -7.16 (-3.28%) Volume 8.2M Open $218.24 High $218.30 Low $209.62 P/E Ratio 11.22 Div Yield 1.42 Market Cap 86.0B NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 6,198.52 -4.67 (-0.08%) Volume 0 Open 6,222 High 6,222 Low 6,164 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $22.41 -0.42 (-1.86%) Volume 134.1M Open $22.78 High $22.80 Low $22.09 P/E Ratio 14.18 Div Yield 1.34 Market Cap 228.0B Crude Oil - Electronic Jul 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLN7 $48.76 +0.44 (+0.91%) Volume 38300 Open $48.63 High $48.91 Low $48.59 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $994.62 -2.08 (-0.21%) Volume 3.9M Open $1,000.00 High $1,000 Low $982.16 P/E Ratio 187.16 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 476.4B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $964.86 -11.02 (-1.13%) Volume 2.4M Open $975.02 High $979.27 Low $960.18 P/E Ratio 32.61 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 682.1B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $987.09 -9.08 (-0.91%) Volume 1.7M Open $996.21 High $999.60 Low $981.68 P/E Ratio 33.36 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 682.1B Tesla Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TSLA $341.01 +5.91 (+1.76%) Volume 9.9M Open $337.69 High $342.89 Low $335.16 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 55.0B NVIDIA Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: NVDA $144.35 -0.52 (-0.36%) Volume 21.0M Open $146.69 High $147.00 Low $142.05 P/E Ratio 47.96 Div Yield 0.39 Market Cap 86.2B U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.21% +0.01 (+0.31%) Volume 0 Open 2.21% High 2.22% Low 2.21% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 97.00 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 0 Open 96.99 High 97.13 Low 96.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Michael Kors Holdings Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: KORS $33.18 -3.09 (-8.52%) Volume 15.8M Open $33.16 High $33.85 Low $32.38 P/E Ratio 7.54 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 5.9B Transocean Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: RIG $9.09 -0.17 (-1.84%) Volume 21.9M Open $9.13 High $9.14 Low $8.68 P/E Ratio 5.59 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.5B Chesapeake Energy Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CHK $5.06 -0.04 (-0.78%) Volume 63.6M Open $5.06 High $5.09 Low $4.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 4.6B Murphy Oil Corp. U.S.: NYSE: MUR $24.41 -0.26 (-1.05%) Volume 3.9M Open $24.19 High $24.43 Low $23.80 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 4.1 Market Cap 4.3B Vera Bradley Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: VRA $9.41 +0.91 (+10.71%) Volume 1.9M Open $8.50 High $9.74 Low $8.50 P/E Ratio 17.75 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 308.7M The Asia Dow Index USD DJ-Index: ADOW 3,310.00 +0.65 (+0.02%) Volume 0 Open 3,302 High 3,313 Low 3,299 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 389.99 -0.51 (-0.13%) Volume 0 Open 390.09 High 392.27 Low 389.51 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A FTSE 100 Index GBP FTSE Indices: UKX 7,519.95 -6.56 (-0.09%) Volume 0 Open 7,527 High 7,586 Low 7,520 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A British Pound Tullett Prebon: GBPUSD 1.2853 -0.0038 (-0.2948%) Volume 0 Open 1.29 High 1.29 Low 1.28 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Jul 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCN7 $1,267.70 -5.90 (-0.46%) Volume 90 Open $1,270 High $1,271 Low $1,267 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Others Coal, solar stocks fall in US as Trump is set to ditch Paris climate deal Business Standard US pending home sales fall; housing market recovery intact Contracts fell in the Northeast, Midwest and South, but surged 5.8% in West Reuters  |  Washington  May 31, 2017 Last Updated at 22:17 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVqUTA A real estate sign advertising a new home for sale is pictured in Vienna, Virginia, US. ALSO READ US existing home Feb sales fall more than expected from 10-year high US existing home sales surge 4.4% in March Tipping Point: What is an equal-weighted index? Demonetisation impact: 'Housing sales may see 20-30% decline in 2017' Recovering from cash-ban impact, housing sales drop in 8 cities in Jan-Mar Contracts to buy previously owned US homes fell for a second straight month in April amid a supply squeeze, but the housing market recovery remains supported by a strong labor market. The National Association of Realtors said on Wednesday its Pending Home Sales Index, based on contracts signed last month, dropped 1.3 per cent to 109.8. Contracts fell in the Northeast, Midwest and South, but surged 5.8 per cent in the West. Coming on the heels of recent data showing a drop in home building and sales of both new and previously owned homes, the decrease in contracts suggests a moderation in housing activity. Still, housing is expected to contribute to gross domestic product this year. "We think that the housing recovery will continue over time based on favourable fundamentals in the market, but we have seen some weakening in a number of home sale measures lately," said Daniel Silver, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. "For now, we think the recent softening in sales is a pause in a broader upward trend." Economists had forecast pending home sales, which become sales after a month or two, rising 0.5 per cent last month. They fell 3.3 per cent from a year ago. That is the first year-on-year drop since last December and the largest since June 2014. The PHLX housing index was little changed amid a broadly weaker stock market. The dollar fell against a basket of currencies, while US Treasury prices were trading higher. Demand for housing is being driven by a tight labor market, marked by a 4.4 per cent unemployment rate, which is generating wage increases and boosting employment opportunities for young Americans. The housing market remains supported by historically low mortgage rates, with the 30-year fixed mortgage rate averaging 3.95 per cent, the lowest level since last November. Sales activity, however, remains constrained by tight inventories, which are driving up home prices. Housing inventory has dropped for 23 straight months on a year-on-year basis. Home resales declined 2.3 per cent in April and could decrease in May as another report on Wednesday showed applications for loans to buy a home fell for a third straight week last week. "The large declines in the Northeast and Midwest suggest seasonal factors exaggerated the recent slide in pending home sales," said Mark Vitner, a senior economist at Wells Fargo Securities in Charlotte, North Carolina. "Mortgage applications add a note of caution, however." A third report showed manufacturing activity in the Midwest region accelerated to a 2-1/2-year high in May. The Chicago Purchasing Management Index rose to a reading of 59.4 this month, the highest level since November 2014, from 58.3 in April. Read More On Home Sales | Usa | Stock Market | Washington | Daniel Silver | Phlx Housing Index | International | Others PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance US pending home sales fall; housing market recovery intact Contracts fell in the Northeast, Midwest and South, but surged 5.8% in West Contracts fell in the Northeast, Midwest and South, but surged 5.8% in West Contracts to buy previously owned US homes fell for a second straight month in April amid a supply squeeze, but the housing market recovery remains supported by a strong labor market. The National Association of Realtors said on Wednesday its Pending Home Sales Index, based on contracts signed last month, dropped 1.3 per cent to 109.8. Contracts fell in the Northeast, Midwest and South, but surged 5.8 per cent in the West. Coming on the heels of recent data showing a drop in home building and sales of both new and previously owned homes, the decrease in contracts suggests a moderation in housing activity. Still, housing is expected to contribute to gross domestic product this year. "We think that the housing recovery will continue over time based on favourable fundamentals in the market, but we have seen some weakening in a number of home sale measures lately," said Daniel Silver, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. "For now, we think the recent softening in sales is a pause in a broader upward trend." Economists had forecast pending home sales, which become sales after a month or two, rising 0.5 per cent last month. They fell 3.3 per cent from a year ago. That is the first year-on-year drop since last December and the largest since June 2014. The PHLX housing index was little changed amid a broadly weaker stock market. The dollar fell against a basket of currencies, while US Treasury prices were trading higher. Demand for housing is being driven by a tight labor market, marked by a 4.4 per cent unemployment rate, which is generating wage increases and boosting employment opportunities for young Americans. The housing market remains supported by historically low mortgage rates, with the 30-year fixed mortgage rate averaging 3.95 per cent, the lowest level since last November. Sales activity, however, remains constrained by tight inventories, which are driving up home prices. Housing inventory has dropped for 23 straight months on a year-on-year basis. Home resales declined 2.3 per cent in April and could decrease in May as another report on Wednesday showed applications for loans to buy a home fell for a third straight week last week. "The large declines in the Northeast and Midwest suggest seasonal factors exaggerated the recent slide in pending home sales," said Mark Vitner, a senior economist at Wells Fargo Securities in Charlotte, North Carolina. "Mortgage applications add a note of caution, however." A third report showed manufacturing activity in the Midwest region accelerated to a 2-1/2-year high in May. The Chicago Purchasing Management Index rose to a reading of 59.4 this month, the highest level since November 2014, from 58.3 in April. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 US pending home sales fall; housing market recovery intact Contracts fell in the Northeast, Midwest and South, but surged 5.8% in West Contracts to buy previously owned US homes fell for a second straight month in April amid a supply squeeze, but the housing market recovery remains supported by a strong labor market. The National Association of Realtors said on Wednesday its Pending Home Sales Index, based on contracts signed last month, dropped 1.3 per cent to 109.8. Contracts fell in the Northeast, Midwest and South, but surged 5.8 per cent in the West. Coming on the heels of recent data showing a drop in home building and sales of both new and previously owned homes, the decrease in contracts suggests a moderation in housing activity. Still, housing is expected to contribute to gross domestic product this year. "We think that the housing recovery will continue over time based on favourable fundamentals in the market, but we have seen some weakening in a number of home sale measures lately," said Daniel Silver, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. "For now, we think the recent softening in sales is a pause in a broader upward trend." Economists had forecast pending home sales, which become sales after a month or two, rising 0.5 per cent last month. They fell 3.3 per cent from a year ago. That is the first year-on-year drop since last December and the largest since June 2014. The PHLX housing index was little changed amid a broadly weaker stock market. The dollar fell against a basket of currencies, while US Treasury prices were trading higher. Demand for housing is being driven by a tight labor market, marked by a 4.4 per cent unemployment rate, which is generating wage increases and boosting employment opportunities for young Americans. The housing market remains supported by historically low mortgage rates, with the 30-year fixed mortgage rate averaging 3.95 per cent, the lowest level since last November. Sales activity, however, remains constrained by tight inventories, which are driving up home prices. Housing inventory has dropped for 23 straight months on a year-on-year basis. Home resales declined 2.3 per cent in April and could decrease in May as another report on Wednesday showed applications for loans to buy a home fell for a third straight week last week. "The large declines in the Northeast and Midwest suggest seasonal factors exaggerated the recent slide in pending home sales," said Mark Vitner, a senior economist at Wells Fargo Securities in Charlotte, North Carolina. "Mortgage applications add a note of caution, however." A third report showed manufacturing activity in the Midwest region accelerated to a 2-1/2-year high in May. The Chicago Purchasing Management Index rose to a reading of 59.4 this month, the highest level since November 2014, from 58.3 in April. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 26° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 33-55 We set you thinking Thursday 1 June 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Is Egypt bombing the right militants in Libya? 1496300604 Sports FAS ex-co unveils plans to fix governance issues 1496299320 World Malaysia Airlines flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tries to enter cockpit 1496291963 Singapore Traffic Police officer killed after accident at Serangoon Road 1496292480 Business Oil futures rise on U.S. stockpile draw, doubts over climate accord 1496297651 Business 'Axis of love': Saudi-Russia detente heralds new oil order 1496296948 Business Sterling slips on election fears, conflicting China signals weigh on stocks 1496296252 World Philippine military airstrikes kill 10 troops: Defence chief 1496296320 Business Social media companies step up removals of online hate speech: EU 1496295500 Singapore Elderly woman charged with using name of ‘Lee Kuan Yew’ to cheat 1496293020 Business Asian factories lose some momentum in May on soft export demand 1496294812 Business T-Mobile's expanded network has rivals - and suitors - taking notice 1496293972 Lifestyle The art of everyday objects growing like mushrooms 1496293922 World Trump to pull US out of Paris climate accord 1496247540 Singapore Mixed economic picture may be behind NWC's lowered wage proposals: Experts 1496260920 World Man who claimed to have a bomb on MH128 suffering from mental illness: Victoria police 1496293016 Singapore Dr Yaacob rules himself out of Presidential Election, as applications for Sept polls open 1496290800 Singapore ‘Guardian angels’ watch over autistic teen in public 1496260920 World Trump hails deals worth 'billions' with Vietnam 1496290612 Business U.S. companies sign billions in deals with Vietnam 1496290612 China&India How China’s growing naval fleet is shaping global politics 1496290321 Singapore Bazaar operator hauled to court for hiring foreign workers illegally 1496289900 Singapore Local tour agency Misa Travel shuts down under STB orders 1496235660 Entertainment Police question actor in audition saga, after reports lodged over viral FB post 1496276820 Business Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised 1496289317 Singapore New hawker centre in Admiralty to impose ‘mandatory’ tray returns 1496289417 World South Korea's Moon sends aide to U.S. to quell fears over anti-missile system 1496288275 World Ten government soldiers killed in Philippines military air strike: minister 1496286945 Business Fed's Williams bullish on U.S. economy, sees total three rate hikes this year 1496286530 Lifestyle Chloe Grace Moretz apologises for ad accused of body shaming 1496286119 Tech Work and play with Microsoft 1496268000 Tech More style and substance from Acer 1496268000 Business Exclusive: SoftBank to let OneWeb-Intelsat merger collapse - sources 1496281979 World Trump to announce decision on global climate deal on Thursday 1496281828 Entertainment Sgt Pepper turns 50: Still full of joy and whimsy 1496213760 Business Exclusive: SoftBank to let OneWeb-Intelsat merger collapse - sources 1496281445 Business Bank of Singapore to keep hiring in hunt for growth, CEO says 1496281637 Business Uber's finance head leaves; company's quarterly loss narrows 1496280875 Business CBS move to own shows like 'MacGyver' pays off in overseas sales 1496280771 World What’s a ‘covfefe’? Trump tweet unites a bewildered nation 1496281017 Tech So your phone ran out of juice. Here are the top chargers for it. 1496280418 World Macedonia's parliament endorses new government 1496270044 Business New York Times offers buyouts, scraps public editor position 1496277919 Business U.S. bank shares decline on trading revenue concerns 1496278192 World Anti-Maduro protests rage as OAS meets on Venezuela crisis 1496277829 Business SoftBank invests in industrial software firm OSIsoft 1496276319 World Trump hails signing of deals worth ‘billions’ with Vietnam 1496275016 World Migrants find poverty, exclusion in South America's copper capital 1496273028 Business Exxon shareholders approve climate impact report in win for activists 1496272752 Business Exxon vote shows Wall Street diverging from Trump on climate change 1496271786 Business U.S. pending home sales fall; housing market recovery intact A U.S. flag decorates a for-sale sign at a home in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Washington. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 12:20 AM, June 1, 2017 WASHINGTON - Contracts to buy previously owned U.S. homes fell for a second straight month in April amid a supply squeeze, but the housing market recovery remains supported by a strong labor market. The National Association of Realtors said on Wednesday its Pending Home Sales Index, based on contracts signed last month, dropped 1.3 percent to 109.8. Contracts fell in the Northeast, Midwest and South, but surged 5.8 percent in the West. Coming on the heels of recent data showing a drop in home building and sales of both new and previously owned homes, the decrease in contracts suggests a moderation in housing activity. Still, housing is expected to contribute to gross domestic product this year. "We think that the housing recovery will continue over time based on favorable fundamentals in the market, but we have seen some weakening in a number of home sale measures lately," said Daniel Silver, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. "For now, we think the recent softening in sales is a pause in a broader upward trend." Economists had forecast pending home sales, which become sales after a month or two, rising 0.5 percent last month. They fell 3.3 percent from a year ago. That is the first year-on-year drop since last December and the largest since June 2014. The PHLX housing index <.HGX> was little changed amid a broadly weaker stock market. The dollar fell against a basket of currencies, while U.S. Treasury prices were trading higher. Demand for housing is being driven by a tight labor market, marked by a 4.4 percent unemployment rate, which is generating wage increases and boosting employment opportunities for young Americans. The housing market remains supported by historically low mortgage rates, with the 30-year fixed mortgage rate averaging 3.95 percent, the lowest level since last November. Sales activity, however, remains constrained by tight inventories, which are driving up home prices. Housing inventory has dropped for 23 straight months on a year-on-year basis. Home resales declined 2.3 percent in April and could decrease in May as another report on Wednesday showed applications for loans to buy a home fell for a third straight week last week. "The large declines in the Northeast and Midwest suggest seasonal factors exaggerated the recent slide in pending home sales," said Mark Vitner, a senior economist at Wells Fargo Securities in Charlotte, North Carolina. "Mortgage applications add a note of caution, however." A third report showed manufacturing activity in the Midwest region accelerated to a 2-1/2-year high in May. The Chicago Purchasing Management Index rose to a reading of 59.4 this month, the highest level since November 2014, from 58.3 in April. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble Worker advocacy group report says Tesla's injury rate higher than average With flights back in the skies, British Airways must now repair damaged reputation Wild swings, lack of liquidity keeping U.S. funds out of bitcoin Wall Street slips as energy, financials lose ground Wall Street rises, dollar falls on Fed minutes; oil retreats Wall Street little changed as financials drop, defensive stocks gain Wall Street hits record highs, helped by consumer stocks Wall St. drifts before long weekend; consumer stocks up Volkswagen woos BMW, Mercedes buyers in new upmarket push Viacom networks to return to Suddenlink customers Inside Today World Philippine military airstrikes kill 10 troops: Defence chief Man who claimed to have a bomb on MH128 suffering from mental illness: Victoria police Malaysia Airlines flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tries to enter cockpit U.S. companies sign billions in deals with Vietnam Trump hails deals worth 'billions' with Vietnam Business Oil futures rise on U.S. stockpile draw, doubts over climate accord 'Axis of love': Saudi-Russia detente heralds new oil order Sterling slips on election fears, conflicting China signals weigh on stocks Social media companies step up removals of online hate speech: EU Asian factories lose some momentum in May on soft export demand Sports FAS ex-co unveils plans to fix governance issues Singapore swimming has come a long way, says ex-Olympian Schoeman FIFA announces Chinese sponsor Vivo for 2018, 2022 World Cups Man City bosses want Guardiola to win treble next season Rugby: Lions burst into song as grueling six-week New Zealand tour gets underway Entertainment Police question actor in audition saga, after reports lodged over viral FB post Ariana Grande to return to Manchester for star-studded benefit gig Sgt Pepper turns 50: Still full of joy and whimsy Crazy Rich Asians movie, set in Singapore, 'will make history': Author Kevin Kwan Apple Music sets Aug 8 as new release date for Carpool Karaoke About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Election shock could be good for Brexit - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Election shock could be good for Brexit Posted: Wednesday, May 31, 2017 12:23 PM EDT Updated: Wednesday, May 31, 2017 1:23 PM EDT It was the first big test of Theresa May's Brexit strategy, and the British Prime Minister appears to have passed it. After a week that began with a public spat with the EU over Brexit negotiations. By Ivana Kottasová LONDON (CNNMoney) -- Is political gridlock actually a good thing for Britain? That's the argument made by some analysts after an election projection showed that Prime Minister Theresa May is in danger of losing her majority in parliament. The pound -- which is highly sensitive to negative Brexit news -- slumped below $1.28 after the release of the YouGov projection. But the currency quickly rebounded. Here's one way to explain the reaction: A clear victory for May would preserve the political status quo including the risk of a very messy divorce from the European Union. But a hung parliament -- where no party has a majority -- could force British politicians to compromise on Brexit and lead to a less painful exit from the EU. "All hell could break loose metaphorically speaking, at least at first," said Kallum Pickering, an economist at Berenberg Bank. "However, if a hung parliament forced a cross-party compromise it could lead to a softer Brexit strategy, and may turn out to be positive in the long run." Analysts at JPMorgan agreed. They said that a governing coalition consisting of left-of-center parties could keep the U.K.'s current trade and immigration policies in place. May called the June 8 election in hopes of strengthening the Conservative Party's position in parliament while earning a mandate to pursue a clean break from the EU. Doing so would take Britain out of Europe's unified trading market, but allow May to deliver on her signature promise to reduce the number of people coming to Britain from the EU. May, who once enjoyed a massive lead in the polls, has also said that she prefers "no deal" with the EU to a "bad deal." No deal could cause chaos by introducing barriers to trade and disrupting complex supply chains. Airlines say air traffic could be thrown into confusion because they rely on EU agreements. Automakers may have to move some production elsewhere. The Centre for European Reform, a think tank, has warned that crashing out of the union would be "massively disruptive." "The costs to the U.K. economy of failing to strike a deal would dwarf those of signing up to a bad deal," the group said in a research note. Labour, the main opposition party, would not try to reverse the decision to leave the EU. But it does want to retain "the benefits of the single market and customs union." Its potential governing partners have their own ideas: The Liberal Democrats want a referendum on any deal with the EU, and the Scottish National Party is pushing for Scotland to stay in Europe's unified market. Analysts have also cautioned against reading too much into pre-election polls and projections. Unreliable data and an uncertain political landscape make the election result especially difficult to predict. "Before getting carried away ... it should be noted that the betting markets still have the Conservatives as overwhelming favorites to secure a majority," said JPMorgan analysts. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Black History Month Politics News Videos Zika Virus Recalls 230989619 Family Focus Speaker Request Partners Resources Calendar Request Initiatives 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Missing Children 7250151 Sports Super Bowl Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss by: JOE McDONALD, AP Business Writer Updated: May 31, 2017 - 10:43 PM BEIJING (AP) - Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,102.21 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1 percent to 19,854.27. Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.4 percent to 25,752.44 and Seoul's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 2,344.29. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.2 percent to 5,733.90 and benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Southeast Asia also advanced. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. "Yesterday's official PMI reading had hinted at growth having remained broadly stable last month," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. "But today's downbeat unofficial PMI suggests conditions may not have held up as well as previously thought." TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce a decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 38 cents to $48.70 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 40 cents to $51.16 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.92 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1244 from $1.1247. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss World stocks mixed on US political uncertainty, pound slides Asian stocks mixed amid US political uncertainty, China data Global shares weaker as investors await economic data World shares muted as investors await raft of economic data News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 FCC EEO Report FOX13 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. pending home sales fall; housing market recovery intact Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Wed May 31, 2017 | 12:17pm EDT U.S. pending home sales fall; housing market recovery intact A U.S. flag decorates a for-sale sign at a home in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Washington, August 21, 2012. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst By Lucia Mutikani | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON Contracts to buy previously owned U.S. homes fell for a second straight month in April amid a supply squeeze, but the housing market recovery remains supported by a strong labor market. The National Association of Realtors said on Wednesday its Pending Home Sales Index, based on contracts signed last month, dropped 1.3 percent to 109.8. Contracts fell in the Northeast, Midwest and South, but surged 5.8 percent in the West. Coming on the heels of recent data showing a drop in home building and sales of both new and previously owned homes, the decrease in contracts suggests a moderation in housing activity. Still, housing is expected to contribute to gross domestic product this year. "We think that the housing recovery will continue over time based on favorable fundamentals in the market, but we have seen some weakening in a number of home sale measures lately," said Daniel Silver, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. "For now, we think the recent softening in sales is a pause in a broader upward trend." Economists had forecast pending home sales, which become sales after a month or two, rising 0.5 percent last month. They fell 3.3 percent from a year ago. That is the first year-on-year drop since last December and the largest since June 2014. The PHLX housing index .HGX was little changed amid a broadly weaker stock market. The dollar fell against a basket of currencies, while U.S. Treasury prices were trading higher. Demand for housing is being driven by a tight labor market, marked by a 4.4 percent unemployment rate, which is generating wage increases and boosting employment opportunities for young Americans. The housing market remains supported by historically low mortgage rates, with the 30-year fixed mortgage rate averaging 3.95 percent, the lowest level since last November. Sales activity, however, remains constrained by tight inventories, which are driving up home prices. Housing inventory has dropped for 23 straight months on a year-on-year basis. Home resales declined 2.3 percent in April and could decrease in May as another report on Wednesday showed applications for loans to buy a home fell for a third straight week last week. "The large declines in the Northeast and Midwest suggest seasonal factors exaggerated the recent slide in pending home sales," said Mark Vitner, a senior economist at Wells Fargo Securities in Charlotte, North Carolina. "Mortgage applications add a note of caution, however." A third report showed manufacturing activity in the Midwest region accelerated to a 2-1/2-year high in May. The Chicago Purchasing Management Index rose to a reading of 59.4 this month, the highest level since November 2014, from 58.3 in April. (Reporting By Lucia Mutikani; Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York; Editing by Andrea Ricci) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News Trump hails deals worth 'billions' with Vietnam WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump talked trade with Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc during a White House visit on Wednesday and welcomed the signing of business deals worth billions of dollars and the jobs they would create. Fed's Williams bullish on U.S. economy, sees total three rate hikes this year SEOUL San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank President John C. Williams said on Thursday he sees a total of three interest rate increases for this year as his baseline scenario, but views four hikes as also being appropriate if the U.S. economy gets an unexpected boost. China May factory activity contracts for first time in nearly a year: Caixin PMI BEIJING China's manufacturing activity unexpectedly contracted in May for the first time in 11 months and companies shed more jobs as demand weakened and shrinking factory prices dented profits, a private survey showed on Thursday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 26° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 33-55 We set you thinking Thursday 1 June 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Malaysia Airlines flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tries to enter cockpit 1496291963 Sports FAS ex-co unveils plans to fix governance issues 1496299324 Singapore Traffic Police officer killed after accident at Serangoon Road 1496292480 Business Oil futures rise on U.S. stockpile draw, doubts over climate accord 1496297651 Business 'Axis of love': Saudi-Russia detente heralds new oil order 1496296948 Business Sterling slips on election fears, conflicting China signals weigh on stocks 1496296252 World Philippine military airstrikes kill 10 troops: Defence chief 1496296320 Business Social media companies step up removals of online hate speech: EU 1496295500 Singapore Elderly woman charged with using name of ‘Lee Kuan Yew’ to cheat 1496293020 Business Asian factories lose some momentum in May on soft export demand 1496294812 Business T-Mobile's expanded network has rivals - and suitors - taking notice 1496293972 Lifestyle The art of everyday objects growing like mushrooms 1496293922 World Trump to pull US out of Paris climate accord 1496247540 Singapore Mixed economic picture may be behind NWC's lowered wage proposals: Experts 1496260920 World Man who claimed to have a bomb on MH128 suffering from mental illness: Victoria police 1496293016 Singapore Dr Yaacob rules himself out of Presidential Election, as applications for Sept polls open 1496290800 Singapore ‘Guardian angels’ watch over autistic teen in public 1496260920 World Trump hails deals worth 'billions' with Vietnam 1496290612 Business U.S. companies sign billions in deals with Vietnam 1496290612 China&India How China’s growing naval fleet is shaping global politics 1496290321 Singapore Bazaar operator hauled to court for hiring foreign workers illegally 1496289900 Singapore Local tour agency Misa Travel shuts down under STB orders 1496235660 Entertainment Police question actor in audition saga, after reports lodged over viral FB post 1496276820 Business Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised 1496289317 Singapore New hawker centre in Admiralty to impose ‘mandatory’ tray returns 1496289417 World South Korea's Moon sends aide to U.S. to quell fears over anti-missile system 1496288275 World Ten government soldiers killed in Philippines military air strike: minister 1496286945 Business Fed's Williams bullish on U.S. economy, sees total three rate hikes this year 1496286530 Lifestyle Chloe Grace Moretz apologises for ad accused of body shaming 1496286119 Tech Work and play with Microsoft 1496268000 Tech More style and substance from Acer 1496268000 Business Exclusive: SoftBank to let OneWeb-Intelsat merger collapse - sources 1496281979 World Trump to announce decision on global climate deal on Thursday 1496281828 Entertainment Sgt Pepper turns 50: Still full of joy and whimsy 1496213760 Business Exclusive: SoftBank to let OneWeb-Intelsat merger collapse - sources 1496281445 Business Bank of Singapore to keep hiring in hunt for growth, CEO says 1496281637 Business Uber's finance head leaves; company's quarterly loss narrows 1496280875 Business CBS move to own shows like 'MacGyver' pays off in overseas sales 1496280771 World What’s a ‘covfefe’? Trump tweet unites a bewildered nation 1496281017 Tech So your phone ran out of juice. Here are the top chargers for it. 1496280418 World Macedonia's parliament endorses new government 1496270044 Business New York Times offers buyouts, scraps public editor position 1496277919 Business U.S. bank shares decline on trading revenue concerns 1496278192 World Anti-Maduro protests rage as OAS meets on Venezuela crisis 1496277829 Business SoftBank invests in industrial software firm OSIsoft 1496276319 World Trump hails signing of deals worth ‘billions’ with Vietnam 1496275016 World Migrants find poverty, exclusion in South America's copper capital 1496273028 Business Exxon shareholders approve climate impact report in win for activists 1496272752 Business Exxon vote shows Wall Street diverging from Trump on climate change 1496271786 World Truck bomb kills at least 80, wounds hundreds in Afghan capital 1496271940 Business U.S. bank shares decline on trading revenue concerns File photo of people walking by the JP Morgan & Chase Co. building in New York. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 11:50 PM, May 31, 2017 Updated: 8:55 AM, June 1, 2017 Shares in U.S. banks fell on Wednesday, with the S&P 500 bank index <.SPXBK> hitting its lowest level since late 2016, after JPMorgan Chase <JPM.N> and Bank of America Corp <BAC.N> warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter. The bank index fell as much as 2.34 percent. Bank of America and JPMorgan each fell more than 2 percent and were the biggest drags on the S&P 500 <.SPX>. Goldman Sachs <GS.N>, which is in the S&P financial sector index <.SPSY>, fell 3.7 percent after it gave a trading update. JPMorgan's trading revenue has fallen 15 percent so far in the second quarter, its chief financial officer, Marianne Lake, told investors at a conference. She would not provide a prediction for June. Bank of America Chief Executive Officer Brian Moynihan, meanwhile, told investors the bank's second-quarter trading revenue would be lower than a year ago. "It's especially difficult because of the year-over-year comparison. The first and second quarter in 2016 were fairly busy on the trading front," said R.J. Grant, head of trading at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods in New York. Investors were disappointed that JPMorgan's CFO did not predict a turnaround for June, Grant said. "People are digging in for a bit of a slower summer here," he said. "If the big banks don't see anything on the horizon, then it potentially does not bode well for others. Volatility is non-existent. It's difficult to generate trading volumes or commissions or when the VIX is at historically low levels." The U.S. stock market's main gauge of investor anxiety closed at its lowest level in over two decades on May 8. The CBOE Volatility Index <.VIX> was up 4.8 percent at 10.88 on Wednesday. Goldman Sachs President David Solomon declined to give specifics about the bank’s trading business at an investor conference, but said subdued volatility - which depressed client activity in the first quarter - continued into April and May. JPMorgan shares were last down 2.5 percent at $81.84 after hitting their lowest level since Dec. 2, with trading volume 1.3 times the 10-day moving average. Bank of America shares were down 2.9 percent at $22.17 after earlier hitting a low of $22.09, also in heavy trading. Citigroup Corp <C.N> was down 2 percent at $60.38 while Huntington Bancshares Inc <HBAN.O> was the second biggest percentage loser in the bank subsector with a 2.6 percent drop. Goldman Sachs shares hit their lowest point since late November and were last down 3.7 at $210.43 after hitting a low of $209.62. Trading volume in the stock was 1.8 times its 10-day moving average. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble Worker advocacy group report says Tesla's injury rate higher than average With flights back in the skies, British Airways must now repair damaged reputation Wild swings, lack of liquidity keeping U.S. funds out of bitcoin Wall Street slips as energy, financials lose ground Wall Street rises, dollar falls on Fed minutes; oil retreats Wall Street little changed as financials drop, defensive stocks gain Wall Street hits record highs, helped by consumer stocks Wall St. drifts before long weekend; consumer stocks up Volkswagen woos BMW, Mercedes buyers in new upmarket push Viacom networks to return to Suddenlink customers Inside Today World Philippine military airstrikes kill 10 troops: Defence chief Man who claimed to have a bomb on MH128 suffering from mental illness: Victoria police Malaysia Airlines flight returns to Melbourne after passenger tries to enter cockpit U.S. companies sign billions in deals with Vietnam Trump hails deals worth 'billions' with Vietnam Business Oil futures rise on U.S. stockpile draw, doubts over climate accord 'Axis of love': Saudi-Russia detente heralds new oil order Sterling slips on election fears, conflicting China signals weigh on stocks Social media companies step up removals of online hate speech: EU Asian factories lose some momentum in May on soft export demand Sports FAS ex-co unveils plans to fix governance issues Singapore swimming has come a long way, says ex-Olympian Schoeman FIFA announces Chinese sponsor Vivo for 2018, 2022 World Cups Man City bosses want Guardiola to win treble next season Rugby: Lions burst into song as grueling six-week New Zealand tour gets underway Entertainment Police question actor in audition saga, after reports lodged over viral FB post Ariana Grande to return to Manchester for star-studded benefit gig Sgt Pepper turns 50: Still full of joy and whimsy Crazy Rich Asians movie, set in Singapore, 'will make history': Author Kevin Kwan Apple Music sets Aug 8 as new release date for Carpool Karaoke About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Sign In Register Home Subscribe Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Vacation Hold Report a problem eEdition Submit News About Us About Us Become a distributor Customer Care Contact Us Advertising Advertising Place an ad Our Partners Our Partners VIP Magazine Hardin County News Jasper Newsboy Lakecaster Southeasttexas Classifieds Archives Careers Local Were you 'Seen'? Crime Weather Communities Communities Orange County Hardin County Kountze Lumberton Silsbee Sour Lake Lakes Region Buna Jasper Kirbyville Newton Woodville Mid-County Groves Nederland Port Arthur Port Neches Sabine Pass Orange County Bridge City Mauriceville Vidor Bolivar Peninsula Chambers County Liberty County cat5 Archives Best of Everything Guide Were you 'Seen' at Don Meehan's Hall of Fame induction? Ridgewood Elementary School students end school year with a Court denies Crystal Boyett's appeal to overturn manslaughter Climate change intensifies threats from Gulf hurricanes US & World Nation World Louisiana Texas Hot Topics States, cities pledge action on climate even without Trump Hearing set on news media access in police shooting retrial In US and abroad, a worrisome time for LGBT activists Noose found inside Smithsonian's African-American museum A&E VIP Magazine Calendar Seen Movies TV Comics Puzzles Horoscopes Games Lottery Photo Sponsored Articles Kate Schelter simplifies fashion in 'Classic Style' Among the job cuts at The New York Times, the public editor 'Dandy Lion' rejects young black male stereotypes For Shakira, music takes backseat to motherhood cat5 Sports High School Lamar The NFL College Football Outdoors The Huddle In the Cards Baseball Golf Basketball Houston Astros Houston Rockets Houston Texans Other sports PN-G holds off Brenham in Region III championship opener Coach Carter's PN-G Indians stepping up when called upon PN-G baseball falls in first game of regional semifinal Mustangs booted from playoffs, 3 SETX teams remain Business Technology Texas Business Nation & World Fuel Fix Business Directory Sponsored Content Beaumont Rice Mills turns 125 Port Neches animal groomer takes her work on the road Downtown library to re-open Tuesday JC Penney stores in SETX spared for now Obits Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a Letter Columns Cartoons 'Toon Time 5-31-17 'Toon Time 5-29-17 'Toon Time 5-27-17 'Toon Time 5-26-17 Cars Jobs Latest Local Job Videos Compare your salary Homes SETX Real Estate It's a seller's market... if you can find a place to move The most expensive Lumberton homes on the market $5 million French-style Kirbyville home for sale Century-old downtown Orange building for sale offers eclectic, MenuSections http://www.beaumontenterprise.com/news/world/article/US-stocks-slide-as-energy-companies-fall-with-oil-11184991.php Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss Joe Mcdonald, Ap Business Writer Updated 11:05 pm, Wednesday, May 31, 2017 Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, May 31, 2017, as energy companies tumble with the price of oil. Banks also slipped following a drop in bond yields and interest rates the day before. Technology companies continued to surge. Chipmaker Analog Devices is up after its quarterly results were better than Wall Street had expected. less FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, ... more Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss 1 / 1 Back to Gallery BEIJING (AP) — Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,102.21 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1 percent to 19,854.27. Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.4 percent to 25,752.44 and Seoul's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 2,344.29. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.2 percent to 5,733.90 and benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Southeast Asia also advanced. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. "Yesterday's official PMI reading had hinted at growth having remained broadly stable last month," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. "But today's downbeat unofficial PMI suggests conditions may not have held up as well as previously thought." TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce a decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 38 cents to $48.70 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 40 cents to $51.16 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.92 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1244 from $1.1247. Top Stories Appeals court rules on Crystal Boyett's request for new trial Court overturns man's murder conviction of Vidor teen Tyler Co. Sheriff: Burning body is homicide case PA man indicted in son's death Police: Principal threatened suicide over affair Video: Brutal brawl near LSU leaves one hospitalized Facebook pic of baby on bike prompts SETX man's arrest BPD detective dies after battle with cancer Silsbee cancer survivor studied through treatment to earn diploma Local News Were you 'Seen' at Don Meehan's Hall of Fame induction? Tyler Co. Sheriff: Burning body is homicide case Ridgewood Elementary School students end school year with a... High Island ISD names interim leader after superintendent left... Port Neches PD implements body cameras PA man indicted on manslaughter in son's death Latest News Videos View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Subscriber Services Advertising Careers Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Contact Us eEdition Connect Facebook Twitter Google Instagram Hearst Newspapers © Hearst Newspapers, II LLC
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 78° Few Clouds Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Child in critical condition following Anahola crash Updated: May 31, 2017 - 4:39 pm ANAHOLA — A child is in critical condition following a two-car crash on Kuhio Highway in Anahola on Wednesday morning. Comments (1) Business is booming Updated: May 31, 2017 - 6:09 am NAWILIWILI — Mike Scherer said he’s been holding out on hiring extra help for his shop, Skinny Mike’s Hawaiian Ice Cream, but more and more customers keep flowing through his doors. Comments (2) Recent Light truck sales rising DOE’s new guidelines will focus on improving students’ health, wellness Obituaries for Wednesday, May 31, 2017 Drug case trial delayed Fashion Weekend is coming Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Mokihana makes splash on Maui Updated: May 31, 2017 - 6:07 am Tyler Tanaka still has about a week left to enjoy being 12 years old. Comments (0) Rifle coach certification class coming Posted: May 31, 2017 - 12:05 am LIHUE — Sean Magoun, an air riflery coach for the Island School team, announced a 2017 coach-certification course for rifle and air rifle. Comments (0) Recent Soul Surfer heads to Round 3 Kaui brothers win medals again Barriga tries out wrestling Rain irritates Lihue baseball Bash Na Koa Green, Team Lihue set pace in Kapaa hoops Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Prepare now for hurricane season Posted: May 31, 2017 - 12:05 am Thursday is the official start of hurricane season in the central Pacific region, which includes Hawaii. We have just one suggestion: Be ready, because they are coming. The old adage better safe than sorry certainly works here. Comments (1) Births for Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Posted: May 30, 2017 - 12:00 am Births for April 17-26, 2017 Comments (0) Recent Celebrating the Kalapaki and Nawiliwili areas Talk Story with Gilles Larrain Physicist Dr. Edward Teller speaks on Kauai I scream, you scream, your skin screams for sunscreen A mysterious memo, suspicious partners Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest The music lives on! Posted: May 26, 2017 - 1:15 am Kauai Voices will present “Classics II — The Music Lives On!” next weekend. Comments (0) The Kitchen at Papaya’s Posted: May 26, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — A pair of tacos from The Kitchen at Papaya’s Natural Foods is a perfect way to grind after a salty day in the sunshine. Comments (1) Recent Workday party Let the vinyl years play on Island Calendar for Friday, May 26, 2017 TGIFr!day for May 26, 2017 ‘Sweet’ success Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home News National Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss Story Comments Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Mark Lennihan Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss FILE - In this Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a statue of George Washington stands near The New York Stock Exchange, in background. U.S. stock indexes are falling for the second day in a row Wednesday, May 31, 2017, as energy companies tumble with the price of oil. Banks also slipped following a drop in bond yields and interest rates the day before. Technology companies continued to surge. Chipmaker Analog Devices is up after its quarterly results were better than Wall Street had expected. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Posted: Wednesday, May 31, 2017 5:43 pm | Updated: 8:24 pm, Wed May 31, 2017. Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss Associated Press | 0 comments BEIJING (AP) — Chinese stocks declined Thursday after a survey showed manufacturing weakening while other Asian markets gained after Wall Street fell for a second day. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,102.21 while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 1 percent to 19,854.27. Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.4 percent to 25,752.44 and Seoul's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 2,344.29. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.2 percent to 5,733.90 and benchmarks in New Zealand, Taiwan and Southeast Asia also advanced. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks fell on a sharp drop for banks and a rare loss for tech companies. That offset gains for drug makers and consumer-focused companies. Banks fell after executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America said their trading businesses are having a rough second quarter. Energy companies fell with oil prices. Investors picked consumer-focused companies, drug makers and high-dividend utilities and household goods companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost less than 0.1 percent to 2,411.80. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.1 percent to 21,008.65. CHINESE MANUFACTURING: The Chinese business magazine Caixin said its purchasing managers' index declined for a third month, falling to 49.6 from April's 50.3 on a 100-point scale on which numbers below 50 show activity contracting. That came after a separate PMI on Wednesday by the National Bureau of Statistics and an industry group, the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, improved to 54.5 from 54. "Yesterday's official PMI reading had hinted at growth having remained broadly stable last month," said Julian Evans-Pritchard of Capital Economics in a report. "But today's downbeat unofficial PMI suggests conditions may not have held up as well as previously thought." TRUMP AND CLIMATE: President Donald Trump was preparing to announce a decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord. Trump promoted his announcement Wednesday night on Twitter, after a day in which U.S. allies around the world sounded alarms about the likely consequences of a U.S. withdrawal. Trump himself kept everyone in suspense, saying he was still listening to "a lot of people both ways." Abandoning the pact would isolate the U.S. from allies who spent years negotiating the 2015 agreement to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Withdrawing would leave the United States aligned only with Russia among the world's industrialized economies. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. oil gained 38 cents to $48.70 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $1.34 on Wednesday to close at $48.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, advanced 40 cents to $51.16 in London. It dropped $1.48 the previous session. CURRENCY: The dollar gained to 110.92 yen from Wednesday's 110.76. The euro edged down to $1.1244 from $1.1247. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business The Latest: Swedish envoy says climate pullout would hurt US The Latest: Swedish envoy says climate pullout would hurt US ARTICLE: The Latest: Swedish envoy says climate pullout would hurt US Health records vendor settles false-claims lawsuit for $155M ARTICLE: Health records vendor settles false-claims lawsuit for $155M More about General News ARTICLE: Pakistan says Indian troops fire across border in Kashmir A wealthier India sees alarming rise in adolescent diabetes A wealthier India sees alarming rise in adolescent diabetes A wealthier India sees alarming rise in adolescent diabetes A wealthier India sees alarming rise in adolescent diabetes More about Pharmaceutical Manufacturing ARTICLE: How major US stock market indexes fared on Wednesday Most Asian stock markets rise after Wall Street loss ARTICLE: Governor to decide whether to force insulin price disclosure ARTICLE: Nokia and Agilent rise; Alexion, Kirkland's fall Discuss Print   Posted in National, National and International, World on Wednesday, May 31, 2017 5:43 pm. Updated: 8:24 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Pharmaceutical Manufacturing, Health Care Industry, Stock Prices, Leading Economic Indicators, Economy, Stock Markets, Financial Markets, Crude Oil Markets, Energy Markets, Commodity Markets, Stock Indices And Averages, Banking And Credit, Financial Services, Oil And Gas Industry, Energy Industry, Pound Sterling, Currency Markets, Brent Crude Markets, Japanese Yen, Precious Metal Markets, Metal Markets, Gasoline Markets, Motor Fuel Markets, Refined Petroleum Product Markets, Technology, Heating Oil Markets | Location Tags: United Kingdom, Western Europe, Europe, United States, North America, East Asia, Asia, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, Oceania, China, Greater China, Shanghai, Seoul, South Korea Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories More arrests in Kalalau 8 graduate from Kauai Drug Court Coco Palms takes spotlight at LBA meeting 11 arrested in Kalalau Valley Rotary Taste of Hawaii coming All About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices (37) 100 days of President Donald Trump (36) Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters (26) Kagawa: KPD should hire locally (24) Group occupying Coco Palms will continue to be on property (19) Follow us on Facebook Hawaii Yellow Pages Apartments Attorneys Auto Dealers Auto Parts Auto Repair Beauty Salons Car Rental Dentists Doctors Flowers Hotels Insurance Loans Mortgages Movers Pizza Realtors Restaurants Storage Tax Preparation Travel More... Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DXC Technology Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DXC Technology Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co First Republic Bank (FRC) Given a $90.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Genus plc (GNS) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Shire PLC (SHP) Lowered to “Hold” at Liberum Capital Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Short Interest Update National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Nantkwest Inc (NK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for O'Reilly Automotive Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ORLY) LiqTech International Inc (LIQT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) to Hold S&P Global Analysts Give Salzgitter AG (SZG) a €35.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Wirecard AG (WDI) a €58.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give United Internet AG (UTDI) a €45.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €14.75 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Leap Therapeutics Inc (LPTX) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Hold Konami Holdings Corp (KNMCY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research DXC Technology Company (DXC) Now Covered by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus May 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Stifel Nicolaus began coverage on shares of DXC Technology Company (NYSE:DXC) in a research report report published on Tuesday morning. The brokerage issued a hold rating and a $86.00 price objective on the stock. DXC has been the subject of several other research reports. Goldman Sachs Group Inc started coverage on DXC Technology Company in a research note on Monday, March 27th. They set a buy rating and a $84.00 price target for the company. Royal Bank of Canada started coverage on DXC Technology Company in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. They set an outperform rating and a $87.00 price target for the company. Morgan Stanley raised DXC Technology Company from an equal weight rating to an overweight rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $68.00 to $85.00 in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on DXC Technology Company in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. They set an overweight rating and a $90.00 price target for the company. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies reaffirmed an overweight rating and set a $90.00 price target on shares of DXC Technology Company in a research note on Thursday, May 25th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company. DXC Technology Company currently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $86.67. Shares of DXC Technology Company (NYSE DXC) traded down 0.78% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $77.73. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 432,505 shares. DXC Technology Company has a 12-month low of $64.06 and a 12-month high of $80.83. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $77.49 and its 200-day moving average is $68.07. The stock’s market cap is $10.96 billion. DXC Technology Company (NYSE:DXC) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 25th. The company reported $1.15 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.83 by $0.32. The firm had revenue of $1.89 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.95 billion. Equities research analysts anticipate that DXC Technology Company will post $6.69 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “DXC Technology Company (DXC) Now Covered by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/31/dxc-technology-company-dxc-now-covered-by-analysts-at-stifel-nicolaus.html. The business also recently announced a special dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, July 11th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, June 13th will be paid a $0.18 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, June 9th. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. bought a new stake in DXC Technology Company during the first quarter worth $115,847,000. Morgan Stanley bought a new stake in DXC Technology Company during the first quarter worth $253,000. Caisse DE Depot ET Placement DU Quebec bought a new stake in DXC Technology Company during the first quarter worth $1,822,000. Geode Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in DXC Technology Company during the first quarter worth $89,787,000. Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. bought a new stake in DXC Technology Company during the first quarter worth $4,633,000. Receive News & Ratings for DXC Technology Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DXC Technology Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. banks tumble on JPMorgan, BofA warnings of revenue weakness By Reuters Published: 11:34 EDT, 31 May 2017 | Updated: 11:34 EDT, 31 May 2017 e-mail May 31 (Reuters) - Shares in U.S. banks tumbled on Wednesday with the S&amp;P 500 bank index hitting its lowest level since early December after JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America Corp warned of revenue weakness in the current quarter. The bank index was last down 1.72 percent and hit its lowest point since Dec. 5. Bank of America, JPMorgan and Citigroup Corp were the biggest drags on the S&amp;P 500, with more than 2 percent declines each. JPMorgan's trading revenue has fallen 15 percent so far in the second quarter, the bank's Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake told investors at a conference. She would not give a prediction for June. Bank of America's chief executive meanwhile told investors the bank's second-quarter trading revenue would be lower than a year ago. "It's especially difficult because of the year-over-year comparison. The first and second quarter in 2016 were fairly busy on the trading front," said RJ Grant, head of trading at Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods in New York. Investors were disappointed that JPMorgan's CFO did not predict a turnaround for June, said Grant. "People are digging in for a bit of a slower summer here," he said. "If the big banks don't see anything on the horizon then it potentially does not bode well for others. Volatility is non-existent. Its difficult to generate trading volumes or commissions or when the VIX is at historically low levels." The U.S. stock market's main gauge of investor anxiety closed at its lowest level in over two decades on May 8. The CBOE Volatility Index was up 4.8 percent at 10.88 on Wednesday. JPMorgan shares were last down 1.8 percent at $82.41 after hitting their lowest level since Dec. 2, with trading volume 0.6 times the 10-day moving average. Bank of America shares were down 2.3 percent at $22.31 after earlier hitting a low of $22.09, also in heavy trading. Huntington Bancshares Inc was the biggest percentage loser in the bank subsector with a 2.7 percent drop. (Reporting By Sinead Carew; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS What a handful! Cheeky Travis Scott gets a firm grip on Kylie Jenner's derriere during PDA-heavy outing in Los Angeles She can be a handful Geri Horner sizzles in red figure-hugging cocktail dress as she puts on an affectionate display with husband Christian at End The Silence charity bash All of me! Topless Chrissy Teigen guards her modesty as she shows off her fresh spray tan on Snapchat Shared a naked picture on social media Braless Amanda Holden nearly bares all in dress with high split for BGT semi-finals... after vowing to spark 'Ofcom complaints' with her racy ensembles  'I used to have full-scale meltdowns in bathing suit shops': Ariel Winter reveals breast augmentation gave her confidence to sizzle in swimwear 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  So nice she wore them twice! Pippa Middleton dons the same $200 espadrilles she wore to lunch on Wednesday - as she exits Sydney with a smile  Hello boys! Love Island beauties Jess Shears, Camilla Thurlow and Chloe Crowhurst flaunt their figures in skimpy bikinis for sizzling shoot ahead of show's return 'That's insane!' Kendall Jenner bangs on table as family reacts to Caitlyn's memoir... and Kim Kardashian admits to reading the whole thing Emily Ratajkowski poses NUDE as her friend shares cheeky throwback snap of the actress flaunting her peachy derriere Stripped off  'Are you sure that's a bruise?': Jesy Nelson is accused of photoshopping her pics as fans question mysterious black mark on her stomach  'He taught me how to be a dad': Peter Andre praises former stepson Harvey Price... after ex-wife Katie claimed he 'no longer sees' the teenager Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her taut midriff as she takes daughter Penelope to paint class... while ex Scott Disick is spotted with EIGHTH woman No more beef! Bella Thorne grabs a greasy biteto eat...after shrugging off humiliating trip with sex addict Scott Disick She's moving on Simon Cowell rolls his eyes as Ned Woodman, 9, makes the BGT final... after child comic dubbed judges 'desperate losers' and called Amanda Holden a DOG 'You sexist pig!' Simon Cowell is deemed 'anti-feminist' by BGT viewers as he tells female magician Josephine he likes her LEGS but not her act Sushi date! Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid enjoy a relaxed dinner together at their favorite restaurant Nobu in NYC Best friends reunited in the city Too much Cigarettes and Alcohol? Comeback kid Liam Gallagher sidesteps VERY excited female fan... as he rules out Oasis reunion at Manchester benefit gig New direction? Kesha steps out for lunch as it's revealed Eagles Of Death Metal cut two tracks with her for her third album Casual 'She didn't want any spoilers': Justin Theroux says wife Jennifer Aniston won't 'run lines with me' for The Leftovers because she's a fan 'She will beat this': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi says star, 68, will use cannabis oil following second breast cancer diagnosis 'Some of my fave people!' Kim Kardashian shares heartwarming photo of baby Saint and grandma Mary Jo on Instagram Happy families David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their bid to overturn a £700million tax bill after investing in controversial film schemes Ellie Goulding dazzles in a striking sequinned black gown before changing into glittering gold frock at London charity bash Glittering Smitten Richard Gere, 67, can't keep his hands off girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 34, at premiere of his new film Norman in Madrid... after tactile display with blonde Amanda Holden has been wearing 'nipple covers' for Britain's Got Talent live shows as her assets continue to steal the limelight Focal point  Bell bottom beauty! Amanda Peet goes casual in white sweater and VERY wide black flares at Brockmire event in LA Stepped out to lobby  Smooth sailing! Lindsey Vonn sizzles in red bikini as she enjoys yacht time with boyfriend Kenan Smith during yacht time in Monaco Shocking video of Tiger Woods during his DUI arrest shows the beleaguered barefoot golfer swaying, rolling his eyes and slurring his words in sobriety tests  Revenge is a dish best served in lingerie! Ashley Graham flaunts her incredible figure for racy selfie... after revealing she was bullied at school Upstaged by his own beard! Scruffy Jim Carrey is wild and bushy at LA premiere of his Showtime comedy I'm Dying Up Here Scruffy appearance 'I was resigned to dying': Fern Britton was left 'fighting for her life' after contracting sepsis following routine hysterectomy Health scare 'What's wrong with your leg?' Ant McPartlin sparks concern after fans spot presenter sporting brace... after he appeared to have difficulty walking on BGT X-rated fun! Kendall Jenner films Cara Delevingne jumping around on inflatable breasts at the Museum of Sex in New York City Freeing the nipple 'I thought he was joking!' Katie Derham reveals her husband John proposed on the first night they met... but she mistook him for a BOUNCER Jim Carrey set to face trial over the fatal overdose of his ex-girlfriend after wrongful death lawsuit alleged he supplied the drugs that killed her 'They're just milking that cow for money!' Kirsten Dunst slams new Spider Man reboot... as she reveals 'it's time to have babies and chill' in candid interview Oopsy Daisy! Former Strictly contestant Lowe appears to have two left feet as she takes an embarrassing tumble after attending pal Alexa Chung's fashion party Taylor Swift scores early legal victory over DJ she claims grabbed her rear... but must face jury trial over allegation she had him fired Sweet charity! Jerry and Jessica Seinfeld take the kids to a philanthropic party in New York's Central Park Jerry stepped out for a good cause Not Di-sick of partying yet? Scott cosies up to woman number EIGHT as he boards a private jet after raucous week in Cannes with a bevy of beauties Fighting to survive: Idris Elba and Kate Winslet are lost in the wilderness in new trailer for The Mountain Between Us Oscar-winner Winslet Phwoar-saw! Joanna Krupa flashes serious underboob as she attends fashion show in native Poland Special appearance Johnny Depp was kept in the dark about his finances and his sister used his money, claims whistleblower who worked for his former business managers Michelle Williams to star alongside Amy Schumer in upcoming comedy I Feel Pretty Michelle is best known for her serious acting work Keeping under wraps! Erin McNaught covers up after stripping off and stunning fans with her incredibly toned pregnancy figure at 24 weeks Rapper and former Justin Bieber sidekick Lil Twist is ordered to pay $1.5million to former child star Chris Massey following assault Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst DENIES dumping Jon Clark to appear on the dating show... after TOWIE star branded her an 'evil b***h' Hedging your bets? The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell has yet to return her fiance Ben Higgins' ring after calling off engagement  The ring should go back Lunch to go! Lisa Rinna steps out makeup-free in grey sweater as she picks up food from Hollywood eatery Trendy slippers Tough session! Shirtless Justin Bieber steps out of boxing gym... and into the dentist after chipping a tooth Not what he expected Chloe Grace Moretz cuddles up to her pet pooch Pearl... as she stands up against 'fat-shaming' trailer for her new animated film Keeping good company EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Potty-mouth chef Gordon Ramsay claims the Queen uses the same fruity language that he favours The Moore the merrier! Mandy shows off assets in clinging white top as she mingles with fans at TV show taping Former princess of pop turned actress The Clooneys' countdown to TWINMAGEDDON: How George and Amal are preparing for double trouble (as they babies' arrival gets ever closer) New parents Storm and Ronan Keating enjoy a night off nappy duties as they pucker up on the red carpet at End The Silence charity bash Joint appearance 'I am just as appalled and angry as everyone else': Chloe Moretz apologizes for body shaming ad for her new animated film Upcoming animated film 'Someone bring us cake!' Pregnant Ferne McCann opens up about food cravings... after asking mind reader to predict baby's sex on Britain's Got Talent 'Together again!'  Bionic Woman Lindsay Wagner and Six Million Dollar Man Lee Majors reunite on set of family-friendly movie Reunited Back to his Becks! David Beckham smoulders in new watch campaign as he makes return to modelling following maligned King Arthur film cameo 'We love living together': Ariel Winter, 19, hits back at critics who say her boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, is too old for her Love has no age Bumping along! Orange Is The New Black actor Jason Biggs and pregnant wife Jenny Mollen enjoy sunny stroll in Manhattan Shopping spree Iron hug! Arnold Schwarzenegger gives his handsome son Patrick an affectionate squeeze in Beverly Hills Still honoring the veterans days  'I'm ruthless': Gwyneth Paltrow says she's 'milked the f*** out of every opportunity' as she talks divorce, aging and movie burn out Determined Make-up free Lily Collins flashes a glimpse of her gym-honed physique in tight leggings with sheer panels as she hits the gym  That was close! Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman suffer awkward 'near miss' when they're both booked to appear James Corden's late night talk show Winter wonderland? Mila Kunis shoots snow filled scene for A Bad Mom's Christmas... during sweltering Atlanta weather On set Vogue Williams flashes her tanned curves in bright neon bikini on the beach in Marbella... as she admits she's pining for beau Spencer Matthews Jenna Dewan celebrates hit ratings for World of Dance premiere over breakfast with hunky husband Channing Tatum Date  Leggy Lucy Watson is towered over by Ianthe Rose at Wonder Woman screening in London... after premiere was cancelled following Manchester attack Red hot! Gigi Hadid keeps it casual cool in crimson top and matching shades while out in New York Laid-back supermodel style Rude Boy! Rihanna steps out at celebrity hot spot Nobu after being fat-shamed by sports writer  Star kept a low profile following incident 'I hope it's not weird': Love Island newbie Camilla Thurlow reveals she's 'excited' to meet host Caroline Flack as they've BOTH been linked to Prince Harry FIRST LOOK: Jessica Biel is covered in blood after 'an inexplicable fit of rage' while at the beach with her family in stills from upcoming series The Sinner Red hot mama! Brazilian bombshell Alessandra Ambrosio looks like a 10 in her flattering red swimsuit as she struts her stuff in Malibu Supercalifragilistic showman! James Corden dons drag as he recreates classic scenes from Mary Poppins on the streets of London  FIRST LOOK: Big Brother 2017's VERY chintzy house is unveiled as fans count down to 'extremely revealing' new series  Sneak peek Andrew Garfield dons a curly wig and performs a BACKFLIP as he lip syncs to Whitney Houston in hilarious clip  Centre stage Gabourey gone wild! Sidibe has the time of her life while zooming around on jet ski on luxury yacht vacation in Barbados Living it up Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez flaunts her leggy figure in perilously short hot pants and heels as they enjoy a shopping trip in Madrid 'Dungeon and torture chamber': Bethenny Frankel bursts into tears twice on RHONY under stress from ex Reality star lost it on two occasions 'Life on the ocean waves': Corrie's Samia Longchambon flaunts her slim figure in a swimsuit as she holidays with skating pro husband Sylvain 'I want her to be named after me': Pregnant Serena Williams shows off her baby bump as sister Venus confirms she is expecting a girl at the French Open Bumping along in a bikini! The Hills veteran Lauren Conrad shows off heavily pregnant tummy while promoting swimwear line Baby joy Coronation Street's Ben Price says emotional goodbye to on-screen arch nemesis Peter Barlow after filming his final scenes as Nick Tilsley Newlyweds Pippa and James continue second leg of their honeymoon with a romantic date night - hours after they scaled the Sydney Harbour Bridge  Stella Maxwell and girlfriend Kristen Stewart dangerously hang out of a car window as they go to extreme lengths to get the perfect photo  'She was so shaken up': Former Fifth Harmony singer Camila Cabello 'had no words' when she spoke to Ariana Grande following Manchester attack Donna Air looks the picture of elegance as she stuns in a ruffled silk halterneck gown at star-studded Golden Gala in London Leading the glamour Chris Martin enjoys boys' time with son Moses, 11, in Disneyland ahead of Coldplay's set at Manchester attack benefit concert Tangerine dream! Zilda Williams strips down to a tiny string bikini after revealing her DDs have BALLOONED in size to an E-cup and are now 'too big' Jennifer Garner disowns People magazine cover she didn't agree to as she denies reports she's scared to date after Ben Affleck divorce filing Their secret weapon! New Game Of Thrones shots with Stark family might have accidentally revealed massive season seven spoiler Spoiler EXCLUSIVE: If looks could kill! Tori Spelling shows up nearly an hour late to stepson's high school graduation and gets the stink eye by Dean McDermott's ex She wore an itsy bitsy teeny tiny bikini! Shanina Shaik sizzles as she shows off her cleavage in sexy swimwear for NEXT Pin-up Ewan McGregor's Fargo accent is part Abba, part Deputy Dawg: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV Channel 4's Fargo  Children of Hollywood: Chanel muse Lily-Rose Depp, Sistine Stallone and Willow Smith lead the glamour at 2017 Métiers D'art runway show in Tokyo 'My dad tracks my phone once a day': Sofia Richie reveals Lionel keeps tabs on her as she's seen without 'homie' Scott Disick after romance rumours Sweet Harmony! Former girl group member Camila Cabello puts on a busty display in sexy photo shoot for Guess Centre stage 'All I felt was rage': Comedy Central's Trevor Noah recalls horror of hearing his mother was shot by stepfather The Daily Show host EXCLUSIVE: She's a knockout - and has brains too! Daughter of Rocky star Sylvester Stallone graduates cum laude from $15,000-a-year high school  Cream of the crop! Former TOWIE star Jasmin Walia puts on a leggy display in shimmering nude mini dress and perspex heels in Ibiza Megan McKenna dons a strapless bra in sultry behind-the-scenes snap at photoshoot... as it's claimed her ex Jordan Davies is set 'explosive' appearance on CBB 'Where are the women of colour?' Alexa Chung fans blast an Instagram snap of her debut fashion show for lack of diversity Debut fashion show  Blac Chyna steps out in shirt bearing her own portrait... amid claims ex Rob Kardashian is now dating lookalike Meghan James Self promotion 'My cat could have written it in 10 minutes!': Noel Gallagher blasts Harry Styles' solo single as he claims Simon Cowell has 'ruined' the pop industry Grey's Anatomy favourite Ellen Pompeo shows off stylish 'modern barn' Hamptons retreat for Architectural Digest Beautiful home  Sean Connery takes a stroll around NYC with his wife Micheline Roquebrune... as he steps out for first time since ex co-star Molly Peters passed away 'They were shaken': Jonas Brothers patriarch reveals colon cancer battle and details the reaction of his famous sons Health woes  'What a time to reunite!' Fans go wild with speculation feuding Liam and Noel Gallagher will reform Oasis for Manchester benefit concert this weekend Producer Harvey Weinstein rushed by Cannes cops after he walks right past security checkpoints at AmFAR Sidestepped security checkpoints Trying to start a trend? Drew Barrymore again steps out in bizarre orange sunglasses that look borrowed from Star Wars wardrobe department Move over, Dakota! Johnson's little sister Stella Banderas shows off her bikini body during trip to Italy to take in the Gucci fashion show Stealing the show 'So sorry to people behind!' Ashley James sizzles in racy pink swimsuit during Marbella break... but apologises for racy THONG cut Swanky outfit! Hilary wears look from her new Mission Statement brand as she talks up the range for women-on-the-go Leggy look Fearne Cotton nails colour blocking chic in vibrant purple sweater and mismatched red flares as she arrives at BBC Radio studios Bright 'She still says Ben was the love of her life': Jennifer Garner is 'NOT dating yet'... even though Affleck moved out of their mansion a month ago New squeeze? Ex On The Beach's Charlotte Dawson passionately kisses mystery man in Manchester... three months after Matt Sarsfield split  Sports writer slammed for calling Rihanna 'FAT' and claiming her 'tough to stomach' look will set a 'dangerous precedent' - years after joking about her being beaten She's high on endorphins! Reese Witherspoon can't wipe the smile off her face after a tough yoga session Beaming In full bloom! Pregnant Princess Sofia of Sweden displays her baby bump for the first time in a vivid pink dress Glowing Keeping up with Kanye! Kendall Jenner signs on as the face of sportswear giant Adidas Originals Fronting the brand's new campaign Shame-less of her to go around! Tina Malone flaunts slender physique in barely-there bikini as she preens and pouts poolside in Cyprus  Showing weight loss The dapper Duke! Prince Philip looks smart in a straw boater as he throws a reception to celebrate London Youth's 130th anniversary Debbie Douglas reveals she is quitting TOWIE along with daughter Lydia Bright... but insists her decision has 'no link at all' to James Argent's return 'We're old school': Nicole Kidman reveals Keith Urban and her never text... as she shows off her lithe legs for InStyle cover shoot Old fashioned romance Throwing shade! Bikini-clad Bella Hadid parties on Lewis Hamilton's yacht with fashionista Sophie Hermann and Winnie Harlow in Monte Carlo Pretty in sparkly pink! Elle Fanning wears a cardigan embellished with blingy rhinestones for shopping trip in Los Angeles  Fresh from Cannes Keeping him young at heart! Bruce Willis, 62, enjoys picnic with wife Emma, 38, and little daughters in Central Park Doting dad Bachelorette contestant Michael Nance 'died of overdose at sober living home,' claims former reality TV co-star On show in 2012 Ring-Ring a ding dong! Joanna Krupa shows off her lithe limbs as she poses with kitschy telephones and colourful ice-creams in Candyland pin-up shoot Rebel Wilson's sister is so convinced she's related to Walt Disney she almost named her daughter after him - as the actress wheels her family out in court  Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her beautiful bump in a nude lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys relaxing baby-moon in Thailand In Koh Samui That's a quick change! Ellie Goulding displays her hourglass curves in TWO waist-cinching ensembles as she steps out in style for radio appearance 'I didn't believe I would have healthy, positive relationships': Jamie Foxx's daughter Corrine details her struggle with anxiety that started when she was  14 'We changed it to Mysterious Girl': Peter Andre recalls how hit pop song was once called Mysterious Man  90s classic could have been very different 'I see definition and muscles': Confident Vicky Pattison is pleased as punch as she poses in a very skimpy bikini after three day juicing detox 'If anyone wants me...' Former Emmerdale and Hollyoaks actress Sheree Murphy pleads for a job on another soap during live TV interview Heidi Klum catches the eye in breezy kaftan summer dress as she tucks into an ice-cream during picturesque Greek getaway Sunshine break Style in black and white! Karlie Kloss wears a simply chic look as she embraces a post-Memorial Day sanctioned shade  Understated ensemble Jessie Wallace dresses down in her gym gear as she takes her dog for a walk... after ratings for her EastEnders spin-off Redwater 'drop by 2m' Texting an apology? Solo Ruby Rose checks her phone in Beverly Hills days after admitting she REGRETS mocking Katy Perry's 'Taylor Swift diss track' 'I can't believe how responsible I am!': Pink says she loves her family life with husband of 11 years Carey Hart... after they survived TWO splits Glamorous Kelly Rohrbach displays her svelte model figure in striking one-shouldered jumpsuit as she steps out for dinner in Berlin  Striking beauty Enjoying that, Mr Scoff-ield? TV host Phillip chows down on a burger during family holiday in LA with wife Stephanie and daughters Molly and Ruby 'Every tantalising thread was snipped': The Americans season finale receives solid yet underwhelming reviews... as FX series gears up for last chapter Hardly under cover! Bianca Gascoigne almost spills out of her skimpy camouflage print bikini as she splashes around in the pool in Ibiza 'I used to watch him do tricks': BGT finalist Issy Simpson, 8, hits back at fix claims as she reveals magician grandfather and Harry Potter inspired routine Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning figure in barely-there yellow bikini as she hits the shores with husband Wayne and their sons during Barbados break  If I Was Your (Cow)boyfriend! Justin Bieber looks delighted with his bizarre choice of outfit as he struts around NYC in stetson and bold gold jacket BGT makes way for Manchester: ITV's Britain's Got Talent final MOVED from Sunday to Saturday night to ensure Ariana Grande's benefit gig is not overshadowed Orlando Bloom's proud mother 'sends copies of her actor son's CV' to newspapers detailing his 'meteoric rise to fame' and stellar reviews Chloe Madeley flaunts pert posterior and taut abs as she slips into bra and knickers for raunchy Instagram snaps She's worked hard EXCLUSIVE: Kardashians score another victory in battle over scrapped beauty line - as appeal from company using their likeness is tossed out 'He was just such an inspiring performer': Dev Patel's girlfriend Tilda Cobham-Hervey, 22, gushes over late actor Heath Ledger  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The cheek of it! Jamie Laing cops a feel of his bikini-clad girlfriend Frankie Gaff's derriere as they join their co-stars on a lavish yacht  Size 22 Tess Holliday bashes a Snow White poster that labels a short, curvy version of the princess 'less beautiful' than the VERY svelte original  He's Scott the dollars! An unusually shy Kylie Jenner flaunts her slim waist in sexy low-slung jeans as boyfriend Travis carries huge wad of cash on date Princess Mary has a Princess Diana moment as her white trousers turn see-through in the sunlight as she steps out in Stockholm Oops moment The beaming Queen! Monarch is all smiles as she dons turquoise outfit and displays a chic new hairstyle at a luncheon in London  Fresh new crop 'I was a disaster of a boyfriend!' Keri Russell and Scott Speedman dish on their past relationship and reveal whether there will be a Felicity reunion Making a splash Down Under! Pippa and new hubby James Matthews climb into a water taxi in Sydney as they take honeymoon to Australia after private island trip Mini magician Issy Simpson, 8, soars through to BGT final amid 'fix' claims as she receives the most votes... after Alesha nearly RUINED her trick Top family! Richard Hammond enjoys a night out with wife Amanda and daughters Isabella and Willow during a break from The Grand Tour 'I'm greedy and fat...but I'm not insane': Dame Judi Dench appears as stubborn Queen Victoria in the trailer for upcoming biographical drama Victoria & Abdul 'Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry sports perilously short mini during filming... after viewers BLAST her 'vile drunken sex antics' in alarming new scenes 'I wish it was you that was dead and not mum': Jeff Brazier reveals 'worst thing' his sons have said to him as they deal with their mother Jade Goody's death TOWIE's Amber Turner shows off sensationally slender figure in glitzy peach bikini as she hits the beach in Marbella  Hit the sun-soaked beach with a pal Michael Jackson's ex-wife Debbie Rowe accidentally BURNS DOWN her friend's cottage in Vermont after helping her with some DIY What a blooming delight! 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford carries bouquet of flowers and gifts as she hugs fans at Sydney airport We'll take a paw-dicure: Paris Hilton takes her very well-dressed pooch to the salon as she steps out wearing colourful maxi dress  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson looks worse for wear in thigh-grazing dress for filming in Newcastle... hours after she flashed her bare breasts on TV 'There was no competition': Zac Efron says there was no rivalry with The Rock when it came to working out for Baywatch... after the movie FLOPS Smoking hot! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray flaunts her busty cleavage in sheer bikini bra as she poses with a morning cigarette  Busty display Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence dresses down as she steps out in Beverly Hills... after defending herself over THAT pole dancing routine 'She's irrelevant to everyone's lives': Love Island's Olivia Buckland and fiancé Alex Bowen cruelly take aim at Malin Andersson... as she brands couple 'bullies' Mel B ends rift with her mother Andrea as they pose for family photo... after the duo make amends after Spice Girl's split from husband Stephen Belafonte Beaming beauty! Delta Goodrem flashes taut torso in daring cut-out dress as she attends The Voice Australia live shows launch party in Sydney 'I guess we're good actors': Wonder Woman stars Gal Gadot and Chris Pine discuss their on-screen chemistry and THAT nude scene They play love interests  Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde slips into a skimpy bikini for Cape Verde beach day after revealing she's been body shamed for her 'too small' baby bump Going for breakfast at Tiffany's? Myleene Klass channels Audrey Hepburn in monochrome shift dress and yellow heels as she heads to work Nicola Peltz flashes her bra in sheer sweater as she enjoys cosy date night with model boyfriend Anwar Hadid Transformers actress put on a racy display  Feeling nippy? Supermodel Shanina Shaik goes BRALESS as she flaunts cleavage in low-cut black leotard Former Victoria's Secret model  'I was treated like a freak': Former Strictly judge Arlene Phillips was told she wouldn't be able to bond with her daughter after giving birth aged 47 Rochelle Humes is left red-faced AGAIN and has to apologise for a second day running as Jordana Brewster swears live on breakfast TV Summer starts here! Bikini-clad Abbey Clancy flashes her pert bottom as she takes a well earned break after completing work on Britain's Next Top Model Look away Dolph! Muscleman's model daughter Ida Lundgren goes TOPLESS in nothing but bikini briefs for sultry snap on the beach Censoring herself! Kylie Jenner places emojis over her sheer bra as she promotes lip kit on Snapchat Maintained her modesty with stars 'I get to press the scary buzzer!' Simon Cowell's mini-me son Eric, 3, steals the show on America's Got Talent as he takes his father's place on judging panel How does she do it? Pregnant Erin McNaught STRIPS DOWN to her underwear as she shows off bare baby bump and enviably toned frame at 24 weeks 'It's my dream come true': Alanis Morissette's Jagged Little Pill album is set to be turned into a musical It's more than 20 years old Coleen Rooney highlights her svelte frame in a plunging cream beach dress as she joins husband Wayne and their sons for Barbados beach day 'If I could take back decisions I made': Geordie Shore's Zahida Allen pens heartfelt apology to beau Sean Pratt in lengthy open letter on social media SPOILER ALERT: Violence between Beth and Nathan, Daniel threatens to kill himself and Nick gets caught in QUICKSAND as Corrie's late nights take a turn Olivia Newton-John, 68, reveals breast cancer has returned and spread to her back 25 years after she was first diagnosed  Cancelled tour 'People will sell their mum to get on Love Island!' Reality stars throw support behind TOWIE's Jon Clark after Chloe Crowhurst RUNS AWAY for the show That holiday glow! Lara Bingle looks radiant in all black ensemble as she returns from luxury vacation in Turks and Caicos Sydney airport  Kate goes gaga for Superga! The Duchess of Cambridge can't get enough of her £50 trainers (and sales of the shoes have DOUBLED) Kaya Scodelario sparks controversy after revealing a monkey would 'projectile vomit all the time' on set of Pirates Of Caribbean 'Hello, young lady!' Lionel Richie FaceTimes daughter Sofia while she cavorts around France with 'sex addict' pal Scott Disick  New companion EXCLUSIVE: Things are looking up for Chelsea Manning as she gets her eyes tested in NYC after trading military prison for the high life in the Big Apple Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Thu 1 Jun companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features the zuma era icc champions trophy trump's america durban tourism indaba NEWS POLITICS business business report personal finance SPORT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE MOTORING TRAVEL Multimedia NEWSPAPERS Classifieds Cape Community About IOL international International All Business Report Companies | Economy | Energy | Markets Markets Shares Currencies Commodities Market Indicators | Entrepreneurs | Technology | Careers | International | Opinion | Financial Tools | About Us | Contact Us | Advertisement European stocks give up gains International | 31 May 2017, 4:40pm Aleksandra Gjorgievska and Blaise Robinson London - Gains in European stocks were short-lived as bank shares slumped and miners and energy producers tracked losses in crude prices. The Stoxx Europe 600 Index slipped 0.1 percent at 3:24 p.m. in London, erasing an earlier advance of as much as 0.5 percent. Lenders followed US peers lower after JPMorgan Chase & Co. said revenue from its trading businesses declined in the second quarter. Disappointing US housing data also weighed on investor sentiment. Tell a friend File image In the UK, the FTSE 100 Index jumped as much as 0.8 percent to an intraday record before trading 0.2 percent higher. Ahead of next week’s general election in the country, a Panelbase poll conducted May 19-23 showed the Tories getting 48 percent of the vote and the Labour Party winning 33 percent. Read also: European shares ease, Unicredit boosts Italian banks An earlier YouGov Plc study projected the ruling party would fall short of a majority, spurring a slump in sterling. Miners were the biggest losers among Stoxx 600 industry groups amid a slump in iron-ore prices. Energy shares extended this year’s worst performance. Among shares active on corporate news, Ericsson AB shares climbed 5.2 percent after activist investment firm Cevian Capital AB bought a stake in the company, a move that may see a push for it to accelerate cost-cutting at underperforming businesses. Bloomberg Tell a friend Most Read 1 Alleged hijackers targeting Muslims at mosques during Ramadaan 2 #BrianMolefe fired... again 3 Woman's bullet-riddled body found on the side of the road 4 #BrianMolefe: Knives out for Eskom board 5 #PresidencyBudgetVote: Opposition MPs heckle Zuma Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
