SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 4 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest JPMorgan Chase expanding Detroit investment to $150M Investments will focus on neighborhoods, strengthening the city’s workforce system and helping minority-owned businesses Post to Facebook JPMorgan Chase expanding Detroit investment to $150M Investments will focus on neighborhoods, strengthening the city’s workforce system and helping minority-owned businesses  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2q26cfN {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs JPMorgan Chase expanding Detroit investment to $150M Jennifer Chambers , The Detroit News 12:07 a.m. ET May 10, 2017 Buy Photo Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase, left, and Mayor Mike Duggan both stress the importance of collaboration. (Photo: David Coates / The Detroit News)Buy Photo 4 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Detroit — Saying the pace of Detroit’s economic recovery moved faster than expected, financial giant JPMorgan Chase & Co. will announce Wednesday it’s expanding its investment in the city over the next two years, bringing the total effort to $150 million by 2019. Jamie Dimon, chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase, said the firm exceeded its initial investment two years ahead of schedule. He credited the city’s economic progress to strong collaboration between civic, business, and nonprofit leadership, as well as improving economic conditions in the city. Since 2014, JPMorgan Chase has invested more than $107 million in loans and grants to further Detroit’s economic recovery, including $50 million in community development financing, $25.8 million to revitalize neighborhoods, $15 million for workforce development, $9.5 million for small business expansion and $6.9 million in additional investments. Future investments will focus on further revitalizing Detroit’s neighborhoods, strengthening the city’s workforce system and helping minority-owned small businesses grow, Dimon said in a statement. “Detroit’s resurgence is a model for what can be accomplished when leaders work together to create economic growth and opportunity,” he said. “This collaboration allowed us to speed up our investment and extend our commitment over the next two years. Going forward, I hope business, government and nonprofit leaders will see Detroit’s comeback as a shining example of how to put aside differences and work to find meaningful and innovative solutions to our most pressing economic problems.” In a statement, Mayor Mike Duggan called JPMorgan Chase “a true partner” in the city’s work to restore economic growth and opportunity. “The firm’s investments have enabled thousands of Detroiters to receive training, created new opportunities for entrepreneurs and revitalized neighborhoods. There is more work to do, and I hope our continued partnership will build a thriving economy for all Detroiters,” Duggan said. The firm’s extended commitment will include continuing to make investments of about $30 million focused on creating livable, inclusive and sustainable neighborhoods; preparing residents with the skills needed for high-paying careers and providing small businesses with capital, officials said. About $13 million will be reinvested from loans paid back into two community development investment funds that JPMorgan Chase helped create with Invest Detroit and Capital Impact Partners. The firm’s investment in Detroit so far, officials said, has enabled it to test solutions, adapt programs and find models that can be applied to other cities. Specifically, Detroit’s Motor City Mapping project has provided the company with insight into how blight mapping can be applied in other cities to bring community partners together to fight blight. JPMorgan has already shared the mapping technology in Cleveland, Columbus and Cincinnati. JChambers@detroitnews.com 4 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2q26cfN TOP VIDEOS Rescuers and rescued woman meet again 0:51 Super Ewan's crusade: Helping the homeless 0:51 DTE video captures theft of a backpack from a bait car 0:45 LifeBuilders' mission to revitalize Detroit’s Regent Park 1:37 Dog owner talks about maulings 1:30 Lyft driver shot at after kicking out passengers 2:17 St. Charles Residence to bring new condos to Islandview neighborhood 1:21 Raw video: Shuttered Detroit animal center demolished 1:37 Century Partners invest in Detroit 3:46 Bus driver shot after ejecting DDOT bus passenger 0:12 Small businesses Job openings increase slightly in March Josh Boak Senate Dems ask GOP to drop their plan to repeal ‘Obamacare’ Associated Press Column: Businesses and communities should work together Wendell Anthony Too good to pass up, QB Kaaya gives Lions options Justin Rogers Howes: Development incentives ‘all about the money.’ What’s not? Daniel Howes Health care overhaul heads to bigger hurdle in Senate Melissa Nann Burke
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Federal Budget 2017 Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets May 10 2017 - 7:32AM Save Print Bank of England seen preaching caution even as inflation edges higher Anooja Debnath and Stephen Spratt facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More The Bank of England is likely to revise higher its inflation outlook for the year, though governor Mark Carney is bound to talk down expectations for a rate increase anytime soon, analysts say ahead of this week's monetary-policy review. What is likely to capture the market's imagination is whether more than one person among those voting calls for a rate increase, they say. The BOE is scheduled to announce its policy decision at 12pm in London on Thursday, followed by a press conference by Carney 30 minutes later. The central bank will leave its benchmark rate unchanged at 0.25 per cent, according to all 55 economists in a Bloomberg survey. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Mark Carney is bound to talk down expectations for a rate increase anytime soon, analysts say ahead of this week's monetary-policy review. Photo: Simon Dawson The BOE will also release its Quarterly Inflation Report, where it will raise its 2017 inflation forecasts and lower its economists growth projections, according to analysts. Markets have wiped out the prospects of a rate increase at least until November 2018, MPC-dated Sonia show. This is in contrast to March when there was a near-50 per cent chance of a 25 basis point rate increase by mid-2018. Given the current level of market pricing, strategists suggest risk-reward favours positioning for an increase in front-end rates, and a steeper term structure. JPMorgan recommends owning options targeting a rise in 2019 money-market rates and hold position targeting steepening between one- and two-year Sonia forward rates. Deutsche Bank recommends short February 2018 MPC-dated Sonia. With the UK snap elections on June 8, the BOE will likely refrain from any market surprises, analysts say. Below is a compilation of investors' and analysts' expectations for the meeting, and the outlook for gilts and the pound: JPMorgan Asset Management Advertisement "We expect the BOE to look past the rise in inflation" and be more concerned with how slowing growth will affect prices in the longer term, says David Tan, head of rates at JPMorgan Asset Management, which oversees $US1.8 trillion. Looking for slight outperformance in gilts "because we do not expect BOE to raise rates. We are slightly positive on gilts, but there's not a lot on that as bond yields have been range-bound globally". "The Article 50 process has barely begun and it will have an impact on confidence, investors intention. So the BOE might talk tough but might act quite dovishly and stay put." Toronto-Dominion Bank It will be hard for the pound to go much higher than $US1.30, according to TD Bank analysts led by head of global strategy, Richard Kelly. "2017 growth will be revised down and inflation up, but 2018-19 will remain broadly unchanged as a lower yield curve/ oil prices and a stronger currency help offset recent data surprises," they wrote in a client note. "Markets may respond to this hawkishly initially, but governor Carney will likely steer things back to neutral during the presser." "A lone Forbes dissent could also mitigate any hawkish undertones which leaves GBP vulnerable to a pullback given the shift in market positioning and recent repricing of risk," TD analysts said, adding that they would like to "fade GBP-USD on rallies into $US1.30". "With blackout rules in place during the election campaign, the BOE is unlikely to rock the policy boat too much." Citigroup "The gilt market feels a little lost for direction," write analysts at Citi, including Jamie Searle. The Inflation Report "is the kind of event which might kick it into life". The risk-reward certainly looks "asymmetric as it approaches", they say, with it being "hard to imagine the MPC being more dovish than market pricing. And the MPC may want to add some two-way risk into the front end and remind the market that there are scenarios in which hikes become probable". This week "may not be the right time to do this. The proximity of the general election is one reason not to rock the boat". Also, recent strength of sterling and softer data on the consumer side "are further reasons why this may not be the right time to sound overly hawkish. That leaves gilts stuck in the range, for now". Deutsche Bank UK data are yet to "show signs of a deterioration beyond the slowdown already projected by the BOE" and inflation is set to rise, analysts including Francis Yared write in a client note. "With the BOE therefore unlikely to shift its underlying judgment of the outlook at the May meeting, front-end pricing looks rich and we add a paid 1Y1Y Sonia vs. USD." "We maintain the UKT 5s10s steepener given the slope remains excessively flat to models. And the current richness of the UK points to the market pricing an excessive probability of further QE from the BOE." Morgan Stanley Suggests 2s10s gilt curve flatteners and likes them more than the outright long because "there is significantly less priced in for MPC rate hikes than there was in late January, i.e., around 10bp over the next year and 20bp by March 19", analysts including Anton Heese write in a note. Even though the bank's economists don't expect the BOE to raise rates any time soon "there is potential for more speculation on the issue, especially if more than one MPC member decides to vote in favor of a rate hike" at this week's meeting. A short position at the front end of the curve "provides us with some protection against an MPC-induced sell-off in UK yields", they say. Advertisement HuffPost Australia Here's How The Welfare Drug Tests Will ... Contains: External link Miguel McKelvey On How WeWork Went From ... Contains: External link Most Popular Winners and losers: public service Who fell for the big infrastructure con job? Doctors split over Turnbull's health budget KFC fined $100,000 over teen's burns No 'magic pudding': Banks warn levy will hit customers Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Winners and losers: public service Budget 2017: Your five-minute guide Budget 2017: winners and losers Defence boosts staffing, takes razor to private sector spending Who fell for the big infrastructure con job? Canberra Times Tigerair's $1 flights between Melbourne and Canberra nearly sold out Winners and losers: public service 'I've never felt so much love': Canberra gets behind Connie's last hurrah Wednesday is Connie Johnson's last hurrah Fatal two-car crash on Long Gully Road The Sydney Morning Herald Budget 2017: winners and losers Donald Trump fires FBI director James Comey Jakarta's Christian Governor Ahok jailed for two years for blasphemy Morrison's fresh start budget comes with fresh pain Budget 2017: Your five-minute guide The Age Budget 2017: Your five-minute guide Donald Trump fires FBI director James Comey Budget 2017: winners and losers Victoria shortchanged in $75b infrastructure spending spree Budget changes are a cruel hoax on first home buyers Brisbane Times Treating our dogs like our children is bad for everyone Council and state government battle over Brisbane 'mega suburb' King George Square slammed as a $28m 'stuff-up' Budget 2017: winners and losers Man in custody after woman bashed at Airbnb in Brisbane WA Today Perth drug dealer's body 'thrown into the ocean after murder': court Qantas boss hit with pie over gay marriage 'propaganda' Vaginal mesh implant destroyed my life: Perth mum speaks out SAT finds Lisa Scaffidi guilty of 45 serious breaches of Local Government Act Scaffolding collapses onto Perth cars Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman The Chemours Company Announces Pricing of $500,000,000 of Senior Notes Due 2027 WILMINGTON, Del., May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Chemours Company (Chemours) (NYSE: CC), a global chemistry company with leading market positions in titanium technologies, fluoroproducts and chemical solutions, today, announced the pricing of the previously announced registered underwritten public offering (the „offering”) of $500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due 2027 at a public offering price of 99.051% of the principal amount. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and TD Securities (USA) LLC are acting as joint-book running managers for the offering. HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., Mizuho Securities USA Inc. and RBC Capital Markets LLC are acting as co-managers for the offering. The offering is being made by means of a prospectus supplement. Chemours has filed a shelf registration statement (including a prospectus) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for the offering to which this communication relates. You may review these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC’s website, at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, these documents may be obtained from Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC by calling toll-free at 1-800-221-1037, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at 1-212-834-4533, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll-free at 1-800-831-9146, Barclays Capital Inc. toll-free at 1-888-603-5847 and TD Securities (USA) LLC toll-free at 1-855-495-9846. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Such an offer can only be made by delivery of a prospectus and prospectus supplement, if applicable, that have been filed with the SEC. About The Chemours Company The Chemours Company (NYSE: CC) helps create a colorful, capable and cleaner world through the power of chemistry.  Chemours is a global leader in titanium technologies, fluoroproducts and chemical solutions, providing its customers with solutions in a wide range of industries with market-defining products, application expertise and chemistry-based innovations.  Chemours ingredients are found in plastics and coatings, refrigeration and air conditioning, mining and general industrial manufacturing.  Our flagship products include prominent brands such as Teflon™, Ti-Pure™, Krytox™, Viton™, Opteon™, Freon™ and Nafion™.  Chemours has approximately 7,000 employees and 26 manufacturing sites serving approximately 4,000 customers in North America, Latin America, Asia-Pacific and Europe.  Chemours is headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware and is listed on the NYSE under the symbol CC.  For more information please visit chemours.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the federal securities laws, that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. The words „believe,” „expect,” „anticipate,” „plan,” „estimate,” „target,” „project” and similar expressions, among others, generally identify „forward-looking statements,” which speak only as of the date the statements were made. These forward-looking statements address, among other things, the offering, our agreement with DuPont relating to the MDL Settlement, resolution of environmental liabilities, litigation and other contingencies, anticipated future operating and financial performance, business plans and prospects, that are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events which may not be accurate or realized. Forward-looking statements also involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond Chemours’ control. Additionally, there may be other risks and uncertainties that Chemours is unable to identify at this time or that Chemours does not currently expect to have a material impact on its business. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include whether the offering is completed and other risks, uncertainties and other factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. Chemours assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement for any reason, except as required by law. CONTACT MEDIA Alvenia Scarborough Director, Brand Marketing and Corporate Communications +1.302.773.4507 media@chemours.com  INVESTORS Alisha Bellezza Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations +1.302.773.2263 investor@chemours.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-chemours-company-announces-pricing-of-500000000-of-senior-notes-due-2027-300454731.html SOURCE The Chemours Company Related Links http://www.chemours.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsStock Offering Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Newalta Reports First Quarter 2017 Results Next PostNext Compliance Meds Technologies Empowers Recovery Centers Of America And California Highlands To Increase Successful Patient Outcomes And Reduce Costs For Addiction And Mental Health Treatment Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 23 mins S&P 500 2,396.92 -2.46 (-0.10%) Dow 30 20,975.78 -36.50 (-0.17%) Nasdaq 6,120.59 +17.93 (+0.29%) Listen Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Annual Meeting Podcasts Download them from wherever you get your podcasts JPMorgan has unleashed another 100,000-point rewards offer to Sapphire credit card holders in its latest push to win over millennials Tanza Loudenback Business Insider May 9, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share wealthy cheering crowdMore (The bank is targeting first-time homebuyers with an enticing offer.Jeff J Mitchell / Getty Images) JPMorgan Chase hasn't been shy about throwing down major cash to land millennial customers. Just consider the debut of the Chase Sapphire Reserve, the most ballyhooed credit card of 2016. The bank pridefully announced that the card resulted in a $200 million loss, thanks in part to a huge 100,000 point sign-up bonus — worth $1,500 — which the company slashed down to 50,000 points earlier this year. Chase is yet again offering an eye-popping 100,000-point bonus, this time to a growing subset of its customer base: Millennial homebuyers. Beginning May 8, Chase is rewarding existing cardholders of the Sapphire Preferred, Sapphire Reserve, and the no-fee Sapphire credit cards 100,000 rewards points when they close a mortgage loan with the bank. The offer is available until August 6. "Half of Chase Sapphire customers are millennials, many of whom are looking to buy their first home now or in the near future," said Pam Codispoti, president of Chase Branded Cards. "With tremendous enthusiasm around the new Sapphire Reserve card and ongoing popularity of Sapphire Preferred, this is another way to provide even more value to our shared customers." The Reserve card has a $450 annual fee and the Preferred has a $99 fee after the first year. Rewards points can be redeemed for travel, gift cards, or cash back. The bank says the decision to offer rewards in conjunction with its mortgage loan came after it recognized a trend in millennial homeownership among its customers. In 2015, 20% of Chase mortgage customers were under age 35 and by 2016 that share jumped to 36%. As Business Insider's Madeline Stone previously reported, the median age of a first-time homebuyer right now is 33, with millennials making up 56% of America's first-time homebuyers (the largest age demographic). The customers JPMorgan is targeting tend to be wealthier, too. Gordon Smith, chief executive of consumer and community banking at JPMorgan, said in February that the typical applicant for the Reserve card had an average income of more than $180,000 and an average deposit and investment wallet of over $800,000. Related: For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available on iOS and Android. NOW WATCH: Here's a month-by-month timeline of the best time to buy almost anything in 2017 More From Business Insider 27 TV shows that were just canceled 26 things under $20 we use every day How to find the perfect real estate agent, in 4 steps Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Bank of America Stock: These 2 Charts Are Good News for Shareholders -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool JAMIE DIMON: There is a 'national catastrophe' and 'we should be ringing the alarm bells' Business Insider Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit Reuters A New 100,000-Point Offer for Chase Sapphire Cardholders Investopedia Some Chase branches in Seattle closed by protests over pipeline loans Reuters James Comey reportedly learned of his firing from TV news coverage, and he thought it was a prank Business Insider Warren Buffett: One metric tells me the most about the future Yahoo Finance America has reached 'an even more perilous moment': NYT editorial board eviscerates Trump over James Comey's firing Business Insider UPS CEO on drones and autonomous driving Yahoo Finance Video Disney CEO Bob Iger finally addressed the ESPN layoffs Yahoo Finance Here's how much Nvidia will make off the Nintendo Switch Yahoo Finance Insurers are fleeing Obamacare, and Trump is helping Yahoo Finance 'STAND THE HELL UP': Joe Scarborough goes off on Republicans after Trump fired James Comey Business Insider UPS CEO talks tax reform, trade, and Obamacare Yahoo Finance Video UPS CEO: Obamacare has a big advantage that I hope gets continued Yahoo Finance Here's why your paycheck may soon get a nice bump CNBC Toobin tears into Trump’s firing of Comey: ‘A grotesque abuse of power’ Bob: Sessions was supposed to recuse himself from Russian Investigation matters. This was clearly retribution for FBI Grand Jury subpeonas issued to Flynn Assoc Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.2k
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Concho Resources Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Concho Resources Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Advisors Asset Management Inc. Has $6.823 Million Stake in DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Shares Sold by Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Algert Global LLC Has $617,000 Stake in Orion Group Holdings Inc (ORN) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Continues to Hold Position in Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) ONEOK, Inc. (OKE) Position Lowered by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Has $3.707 Million Position in Monster Beverage Co. (MNST) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Sells 1,856 Shares of Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) Algert Global LLC Acquires Shares of 26,514 Raven Industries, Inc. (RAVN) First Trust Advisors LP Has $25.852 Million Position in MFA Financial, Inc. (MFA) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Decreases Position in Edison International (EIX) Zoe's Kitchen Inc (ZOES) Position Maintained by Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Sells 7,935 Shares of KeyCorp (KEY) Brick & Kyle Associates Purchases 380 Shares of Harris Co. (HRS) Analysts Anticipate Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.35 Billion Analysts Anticipate Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) to Post $0.87 Earnings Per Share $0.68 Earnings Per Share Expected for QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Anticipate IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Announce $1.12 Earnings Per Share $3.89 Billion in Sales Expected for Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) This Quarter A. O. Smith Corp (AOS) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $728.66 Million Nathaniel A. Davis Sells 2,500 Shares of K12 Inc. (LRN) Stock Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Shares Sold by Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado reduced its position in Concho Resources Inc (NYSE:CXO) by 0.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 28,113 shares of the oil and natural gas company’s stock after selling 57 shares during the period. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado’s holdings in Concho Resources were worth $3,608,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Dodge & Cox bought a new position in Concho Resources during the fourth quarter worth $734,492,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Concho Resources by 43.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,144,449 shares of the oil and natural gas company’s stock worth $706,590,000 after buying an additional 1,561,545 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank bought a new position in Concho Resources during the fourth quarter worth $121,185,000. Capital Research Global Investors boosted its position in Concho Resources by 5.7% in the third quarter. Capital Research Global Investors now owns 15,077,425 shares of the oil and natural gas company’s stock worth $2,070,884,000 after buying an additional 806,995 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Two Sigma Advisers LP bought a new position in Concho Resources during the third quarter worth $59,489,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 97.00% of the company’s stock. Concho Resources Inc (NYSE:CXO) traded down 1.06% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $129.52. The company had a trading volume of 676,054 shares. The company has a market cap of $19.05 billion, a P/E ratio of 89.14 and a beta of 1.16. Concho Resources Inc has a one year low of $111.93 and a one year high of $147.55. The company’s 50 day moving average is $128.49 and its 200-day moving average is $133.88. Concho Resources (NYSE:CXO) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The oil and natural gas company reported $0.49 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.31 by $0.18. The business had revenue of $612 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $607.71 million. Concho Resources had a positive return on equity of 0.93% and a negative net margin of 89.23%. Concho Resources’s revenue was up 115.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company earned ($0.05) EPS. On average, equities analysts predict that Concho Resources Inc will post $1.37 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Shares Sold by Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/concho-resources-inc-cxo-shares-sold-by-public-employees-retirement-association-of-colorado.html. A number of equities analysts have weighed in on CXO shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Concho Resources from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $141.00 price target for the company in a report on Monday, March 27th. Royal Bank of Canada upped their price target on Concho Resources from $168.00 to $175.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Scotiabank set a $156.00 price target on Concho Resources and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, March 27th. Citigroup Inc restated a “buy” rating and issued a $173.00 price target (up previously from $172.00) on shares of Concho Resources in a report on Saturday, April 22nd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and issued a $149.00 price target on shares of Concho Resources in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eighteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $158.47. In related news, SVP J Steve Guthrie sold 6,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $128.00, for a total transaction of $768,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 39,810 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,095,680. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. 1.20% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Concho Resources Concho Resources Inc is an independent oil and natural gas company engaged in the acquisition, development and exploration of oil and natural gas properties. The Company’s four operating areas include the Northern Delaware Basin, the Southern Delaware Basin, the Midland Basin and the New Mexico Shelf. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CXO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Concho Resources Inc (NYSE:CXO). Receive News & Ratings for Concho Resources Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Concho Resources Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Read this before applying for a cash-back credit card Here are the three most important things you should know before applying for a cash-back rewards credit card. Post to Facebook Read this before applying for a cash-back credit card Here are the three most important things you should know before applying for a cash-back rewards credit card.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2pZVrdS {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Read this before applying for a cash-back credit card Jordan Wathen, The Motley Fool 10:02 a.m. ET May 9, 2017 Here are the three most important things you should know before applying for a cash-back rewards credit card. A few cents here and a dollar there can really add up. (Photo: Getty Images) 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Cash-back rewards cards can be a powerful tool for your wallet. Used correctly, the best cards reward cardholders with the equivalent of a 2% discount on every purchase. Some cards offer beefier cash-back bonuses in special categories like gas and restaurants, where spending can earn at a rate of 5% or more. Over time, rewards can really add up. But there are three things you should know before you apply for a cash-back credit card. 1. If you carry a balance, it isn't worth it Rewards simply don't matter if you carry a balance. High rewards and high APRs go hand in hand. Of the numerous cards we've reviewed at Fool.com, the lowest APR is currently 13.74%. That card doesn't have a rewards program. In fact, the cards we consider the best cash-back cards of 2017 have a midpoint APR ranging from 17% to 21%. At that interest rate, as little as 45 days of interest completely eliminates any cash-back benefits. We assume that people who are in the market for a good cash-back card will pay the balance in full every month, otherwise the math just doesn't work. Picking a credit card isn't a choice to be made in a vacuum. Transferring a $5,000 credit card balance at an 18% APR to a balance-transfer card with 15 months of 0% interest can save a cardholder $620 in interest over the period. To receive the same $620 in benefits on a 2% cash-back card, one would need to charge $31,000 in purchases. To put it simply, people with credit card debt would be better served looking for lower APRs than cash-back rewards. 2. Mind the minimum redemption The best rewards are those that can be redeemed quickly and easily. Depending on the program, some cardholders may be forced to wait months before making their first redemption. Below, I've compiled Fool.com's top choices in cash-back rewards cards, and compared them on the basis of minimum redemptions and required spending to meet the payout threshold. Note the vast disparities in spending required to meet the redemption minimum. Credit card Rewards program Minimum redemption Ordinary spending required to redeem BankAmericard Cash Rewards 3% on gas, 2% on groceries and wholesale clubs, 1% on all else* $25.00 $2,500 Barclaycard CashForward World Mastercard Unlimited 1.5% cash back (5% bonus on redemption) $50.00 $3,334 Chase Freedom Unlimited Unlimited 1.5% cash back No minimum No minimum Citi Double Cash Card Unlimited 2% cash back (1% for purchases, plus 1% when balances are paid off) $25.00 $1,250 Discover it Card 1% cash back, 5% in rotating categories No minimum No minimum Data source: Card companies. *The BankAmericard Cash Rewards card's rewards can be enhanced by up to 75%, depending on the cardholder's banking status. The importance of a minimum redemption amount depends on how much you spend each month. For those who spend more than $3,334 per month, all of these cards would allow for a monthly redemption. Those who use credit sparingly may have to swipe for months before reaching the minimum redemption amount. Higher minimum redemptions increase the odds that rewards are left stranded as a cardholder abandons one card to make use of another. All else equal, we prefer cards with a lower minimum redemption threshold. 3. The big money is in the new cardholder bonus While getting 1% to 2% cash back on every purchase can add up quickly, the big value is in one-time bonuses that card companies use to entice new customers. Think of the new cardholder bonus period as a period of supercharged rewards. A card that offers $150 in cash back for spending $500 in the first 90 days (Chase Freedom Unlimited) effectively earns at a 30% clip on the first $500 of spending. Add the regular 1.5% rewards rate on top, and the cash-back rewards rate grows to 31.5% on the first $500 of purchases.​ Credit card New cardholder bonus Minimum spending requirement BankAmericard Cash Rewards $100 $500 on purchases in the first 90 days of account opening Barclaycard CashForward World Mastercard $200 $1,000 on purchases in the first 90 days of account opening Chase Freedom Unlimited $150 $500 on purchases in the first three months of account opening Citi Double Cash Card No bonus N/A Discover it Card Unlimited (rewards earned in the first 12 billing cycles are doubled) No minimum or maximum Data source: Card companies. Use this information to your advantage to consider the break-even period. For example, the Citi Double Cash Card pays at an effective rate of 2%, while Chase Freedom Unlimited earns at a 1.5% rate. While 2% cash back may appear to be better than 1.5% cash back at first glance, this isn't always the case. Due to the new cardholder bonus, the rewards earned by Citi Double Cash eclipse the Chase Freedom Unlimited only after $30,000 in spending. The math for the breakeven is as follows: $150 bonus / (2% - 1.5%) = $30,000 Reaching $30,000 in credit card spending may take just a few months for high earners and spenders. For others, it make take several years. It's usually uneconomical to pay by credit card for most major expenses (mortgage servicers, insurers, and utility companies often charge a convenience fee for card payments), so it's unrealistic for most people to assume that every single dollar spent can be put on a cash-back credit card. A family with $35,000 in annual expenses may only have $10,000 in potential credit card spending each year, for example, as big recurring expenses are paid by check or ACH, while others, including medical bills, are paid with tax-advantaged accounts like health savings accounts. Seeking perfection can be overwhelming. Realistically, one might need as many as 10 cards to ensure that every dime of their spending earns at the highest possible rate. Rather than obsess about getting an extra 0.25% cash back on every dollar spent, it's best to try to thread the needle to get the most cash-back rewards with one or two cards, but certainly no more than a few. No one needs five pounds of plastic cluttering up their wallet. Jordan Wathen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Mastercard. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY. Offer from the Motley Fool: 5 Simple Tips to Skyrocket Your Credit Score Over 800! Increasing your credit score above 800 will put you in rare company. So rare that only 1 in 9 Americans can claim they're members of this elite club. But contrary to popular belief, racking up a high credit score is a lot easier than you may have imagined following 5 simple, disciplined strategies. You'll find a full rundown of each inside our FREE credit score guide. It's time to put your financial future first and secure a lifetime of savings by increasing your credit score. Simply click here to claim a copy 5 Simple Tips to Skyrocket Your Credit Score over 800. 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2pZVrdS
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Amdocs Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amdocs Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News eBay Inc (EBAY) Receives Outperform Rating from Robert W. Baird Southside Bancshares, Inc. (SBSI) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Canadian Natural Resource Ltd (CNQ) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Schnitzer Steel Industries, Inc. (SCHN) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Neutral Rating for Amdocs Limited (DOX) RDS-A (RDS-A) Rating Increased to Buy at Societe Generale HSS Hire Group PLC (HSS) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages National-Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts IDEX Co. (IEX) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Cal-Maine Foods Inc (CALM) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages John C. Molina Sells 15,393 Shares of Molina Healthcare, Inc. (MOH) Stock Cummins Inc. (CMI) Insider Sells $1,066,020.00 in Stock Sun Coal & Coke Llc Acquires 72,443 Shares of SunCoke Energy Partners LP (SXCP) Stock Criteo SA (CRTO) Insider Sells $1,102,506.24 in Stock Ciner Resources (CINR) Getting Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Capricor Therapeutics (CAPR) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.30 Hongli Clean Energy Technologies Corp (CETC) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds CSI Compressco (CCLP) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.01 Bear State Financial (BSF) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Neutral Rating for Amdocs Limited (DOX) May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reissued by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued on Tuesday. They currently have a $68.00 price objective on the technology company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target points to a potential upside of 9.61% from the company’s current price. Several other equities analysts have also weighed in on DOX. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Amdocs Limited from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $70.00 target price (up from $65.00) on shares of Amdocs Limited in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $64.83. Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) opened at 62.05 on Tuesday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $61.39 and a 200-day moving average of $59.86. The company has a market cap of $9.10 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.91 and a beta of 0.64. Amdocs Limited has a one year low of $54.12 and a one year high of $62.65. WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Neutral Rating for Amdocs Limited (DOX)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/jpmorgan-chase-co-reiterates-neutral-rating-for-amdocs-limited-dox.html. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of DOX. Northern Trust Corp raised its position in shares of Amdocs Limited by 0.7% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 1,075,999 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $62,246,000 after buying an additional 7,331 shares in the last quarter. TimesSquare Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Amdocs Limited by 5.5% in the third quarter. TimesSquare Capital Management LLC now owns 2,711,000 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $156,831,000 after buying an additional 142,000 shares in the last quarter. Suntrust Banks Inc. raised its position in shares of Amdocs Limited by 13.6% in the third quarter. Suntrust Banks Inc. now owns 25,823 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $1,493,000 after buying an additional 3,086 shares in the last quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Amdocs Limited by 5.8% in the third quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 149,168 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $8,629,000 after buying an additional 8,143 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of Amdocs Limited by 5.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,489,556 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $86,171,000 after buying an additional 72,600 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 89.04% of the company’s stock. Amdocs Limited Company Profile Amdocs Limited is a provider of software and services for communications, entertainment and media industry service providers. The Company develops, implements and manages software and services associated with business support systems (BSS), operational support systems (OSS) and network operations to enable service providers to introduce new products and services, process orders, monetize data, support new business models and enhance their understanding of their customers. Receive News & Ratings for Amdocs Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amdocs Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman The Chemours Company Announces Offering of $500,000,000 of Senior Notes Due 2027 WILMINGTON, Del., May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Chemours Company (Chemours) (NYSE: CC), a global chemistry company with leading market positions in titanium technologies, fluoroproducts and chemical solutions, today announced that it intends to offer (the „offering”) $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2027, subject to market and other conditions. Chemours intends to use the net proceeds of the offering for general corporate purposes, including the previously announced global settlement of the multi-district PFOA litigation, if finalized.  Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Barclays Capital Inc. and TD Securities (USA) LLC will act as joint-book running managers for the offering. HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC and Mizuho Securities USA Inc. will act as co-managers for the offering. The offering will be made by means of a prospectus supplement. Chemours has filed a shelf registration statement (including a prospectus) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for the offering to which this communication relates. You may review these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC’s website, at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, these documents may be obtained from Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC by calling toll-free at 1-800-221-1037, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at 1-212-834-4533, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll-free at 1-800-831-9146, Barclays Capital Inc. toll-free at 1-888-603-5847 and TD Securities (USA) LLC toll-free at 1-855-495-9846. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Such an offer can only be made by delivery of a prospectus and prospectus supplement, if applicable, that have been filed with the SEC. About The Chemours Company The Chemours Company (NYSE: CC) helps create a colorful, capable and cleaner world through the power of chemistry.  Chemours is a global leader in titanium technologies, fluoroproducts and chemical solutions, providing its customers with solutions in a wide range of industries with market-defining products, application expertise and chemistry-based innovations.  Chemours ingredients are found in plastics and coatings, refrigeration and air conditioning, mining and general industrial manufacturing.  Our flagship products include prominent brands such as Teflon™, Ti-Pure™, Krytox™, Viton™, Opteon™, Freon™ and Nafion™.  Chemours has approximately 7,000 employees and 26 manufacturing sites serving approximately 4,000 customers in North America, Latin America, Asia-Pacific and Europe.  Chemours is headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware and is listed on the NYSE under the symbol CC.  For more information please visit chemours.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the federal securities laws, that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. The words „believe,” „expect,” „anticipate,” „plan,” „estimate,” „target,” „project” and similar expressions, among others, generally identify „forward-looking statements,” which speak only as of the date the statements were made. These forward-looking statements address, among other things, the offering, our agreement with DuPont relating to the MDL Settlement, resolution of environmental liabilities, litigation and other contingencies, anticipated future operating and financial performance, business plans and prospects, that are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events which may not be accurate or realized. Forward-looking statements also involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond Chemours’ control. Additionally, there may be other risks and uncertainties that Chemours is unable to identify at this time or that Chemours does not currently expect to have a material impact on its business. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include whether the offering is completed and other risks, uncertainties and other factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. Chemours assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement for any reason, except as required by law. CONTACT MEDIA Alvenia Scarborough Director, Brand Marketing and Corporate Communications +1.302.773.4507 media@chemours.com  INVESTORS Alisha Bellezza Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations +1.302.773.2263 investor@chemours.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-chemours-company-announces-offering-of-500000000-of-senior-notes-due-2027-300454083.html SOURCE The Chemours Company Related Links http://www.chemours.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsStock Offering Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Silvercorp Class Actions Discontinued – Payment of $470,000 in Cost Awards Received Next PostNext New Market Report: Global Cloud-Enabling Technologies Market 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance EQT Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for EQT Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) Stake Held by Monarch Capital Management Inc. Hasbro, Inc. (HAS) Position Cut by Retirement Systems of Alabama Mastercard Inc (MA) Stake Held by Hermes Investment Management Ltd. Windward Capital Management Co. CA Lowers Stake in Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) EQT Co. (EQT) Position Reduced by Retirement Systems of Alabama Scotts Miracle-Gro Co (SMG) Position Cut by Retirement Systems of Alabama Retirement Systems of Alabama Has $5.171 Million Position in Fair Isaac Co. (FICO) C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) Position Lowered by Retirement Systems of Alabama OLD Point Trust & Financial Services N A Increases Position in ConocoPhillips (COP) Retirement Systems of Alabama Raises Stake in Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (BIO) Retirement Systems of Alabama Purchases Shares of 64,115 Texas Capital Bancshares Inc (TCBI) Accelerate Diagnostics Inc (AXDX) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.07 EPS Addus Homecare Co. (ADUS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Gibraltar Industries Inc (ROCK) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA’s (IAG) Reduce Rating Reiterated at HSBC Holdings plc Deutsche Bank AG Cuts Imperial Brands PLC (IMT) Price Target to GBX 4,100 Hochschild Mining Plc (HOC) Earns Equal Weight Rating from Barclays PLC Artisan Partners Asset Management (APAM) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.61 Cosan (CZZ) Getting Very Favorable Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Bob Evans Farms (BOBE) Earning Very Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows EQT Co. (EQT) Position Reduced by Retirement Systems of Alabama May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Retirement Systems of Alabama cut its position in EQT Co. (NYSE:EQT) by 0.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 83,786 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock after selling 491 shares during the period. Retirement Systems of Alabama’s holdings in EQT were worth $5,119,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of EQT by 5.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,117,821 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $1,243,095,000 after buying an additional 933,499 shares in the last quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its stake in shares of EQT by 8.6% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 17,065,832 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $1,239,321,000 after buying an additional 1,344,202 shares in the last quarter. Boston Partners raised its stake in shares of EQT by 7.3% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 7,408,773 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $538,025,000 after buying an additional 506,135 shares in the last quarter. Aristotle Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of EQT by 3.4% in the fourth quarter. Aristotle Capital Management LLC now owns 3,103,382 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $202,961,000 after buying an additional 102,463 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of EQT during the fourth quarter worth about $80,536,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 93.46% of the company’s stock. Shares of EQT Co. (NYSE:EQT) opened at 57.13 on Tuesday. EQT Co. has a 12 month low of $55.36 and a 12 month high of $80.61. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $60.54 and its 200-day moving average price is $63.73. The company’s market capitalization is $9.90 billion. EQT (NYSE:EQT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The oil and gas producer reported $0.43 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.45 by $0.02. EQT had a negative return on equity of 0.53% and a negative net margin of 28.16%. The firm had revenue of $897.50 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $713.65 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.07 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 64.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts expect that EQT Co. will post $1.46 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be paid a $0.03 dividend. This represents a $0.12 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.21%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 10th. EQT’s payout ratio is currently -4.49%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “EQT Co. (EQT) Position Reduced by Retirement Systems of Alabama” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/eqt-co-eqt-position-reduced-by-retirement-systems-of-alabama.html. A number of brokerages recently issued reports on EQT. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and set a $69.00 price target on shares of EQT in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Zacks Investment Research lowered EQT from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. BMO Capital Markets lowered EQT from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and decreased their price target for the stock from $75.00 to $73.00 in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Scotiabank set a $84.00 price target on EQT and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus reissued a “buy” rating and set a $81.00 price target (up from $63.00) on shares of EQT in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $81.64. In other news, insider M Elise Hyland sold 3,479 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, March 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.56, for a total value of $210,688.24. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 15,941 shares in the company, valued at $965,386.96. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director A. Bray Jr. Cary acquired 421 shares of EQT stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The stock was bought at an average price of $61.10 per share, for a total transaction of $25,723.10. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 1.10% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. EQT Company Profile EQT Corporation is a natural gas company. The Company operates through three segments: EQT Production, EQT Gathering and EQT Transmission. The EQT Production segment includes its exploration for, and development and production of, natural gas, natural gas liquids and a limited amount of crude oil, primarily in the Appalachian Basin. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EQT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for EQT Co. (NYSE:EQT). Receive News & Ratings for EQT Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for EQT Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
GR Edition US Edition Subscribe Login Wednesday, May 10, 2017 | Week's Newspaper | NY 49 F | Αθήνα 71 F | EUR → USD 1.09 Community Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events NY Region Funerals Memorials Greece Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science Tourism Sports Community Greece Cyprus International USA Cyprus Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science Tourism FOOD & TRAVEL Food Wine & Spirits Travel Classifieds Opinions Editorial Columnists Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Viewpoints Agora Letter to the Editor Special Issues 50 Greek Restaurants Christmas Easter Food & Wine Health & Science Hellenic Leaders Archive Jamie Dimon Talks US Economy, Trump Admin, Greek Heritage TNH Staff May 9, 2017 Pictured from left to right, JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon, speaks with Bronx Borough President Rubin Diaz Jnr., Principal Evan Schwartz and Automotive Services Technology Teacher Ejaz Hoosein at the Alfred E. Smith High School in the South Bronx of New York, Friday, May 5, 2017. (Stuart Ramson/AP Images for JPMorgan Chase) NEW YORK – Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase interviewed by the Business Insider at the Alfred E. Smith Career and Technical Education High School in the South Bronx and talked about education, the economy, the Trump administration and its stance on immigration. “I think immigration has been one of the vital things about the growth of America. I’m the product of grandparents who all immigrated from Greece. I hope eventually we have proper immigration. Good people who have paid their taxes and haven’t broken the law, get them into citizenship at the back of the line. I think that can be worked out. If people get educated here, and they’re foreign nationals, get them a green card. I’ve even heard the president speak about that. There are things to do to make immigration work for all of America,” the Greek American CEO and chairman said when asked by Matt Turner if some of the benefits from Trump’s economic agenda could be undone by other policies like trade and immigration. “It is possible. If you’re talking about immigration and trade, people have made some pretty strong statements on that, but my own view is that they have laid out some real trade issues that are accurate for both China and Mexico, where we can improve upon the trade agreements, and I think we’ll improve on the trade agreements. I may be wrong, but I think that is their objective, and they’re using tough words,” Dimon said. Jamie Dimon is at number 25 of “TNH’s 50 Wealthiest Greek-Americans 2017 List“. Listed at a $1.1 billion net worth in 2015, Forbes knocked Dimon out of the “billionaire’s club” early in 2016, estimating his net worth had fallen to just under $900 million due to a portfolio wane, and listed him at $700 million later in the year. JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon speaks with Alfred E. Smith High School students in the South Bronx of New York about New Skills for Youth, Friday, May 5, 2017. (Stuart Ramson/AP Images for JPMorgan Chase) When asked about JPMorgan’s announcement of a $6 million investment in the Bronx as part of its $75 million New Skills for Youth initiative, Dimon replied that “It’s our hometown; JPMorgan Chase banks a lot of people here. My wife [Judy Dimon] does a lot here, and so they’ve been pounding it: ‘We need to do more in the South Bronx.’ We need to get kids getting out of high school, who go on with a job, or go on to college and that leads to a job.” “You have unemployment now going below 4.4% this morning, but if you go to a lot of inner cities, unemployment among youth — think ages 17 to 25 — is 20% or 25%. The fact that parts of the country are doing well doesn’t mean we shouldn’t focus on the part that isn’t,” he added. Dimon was born in New York City. His grandfather, a Greek immigrant from Smyrna, was a broker and passed his knowledge of the business onto his son and partner Theodore, Dimon’s father. As a boy, Dimon attended the Browning School, a prestigious all-boys prep school on New York’s Upper East Side. He later majored in psychology and economics at Tufts University, and earned his MBA from Harvard University Business School. Upon graduating in 1982, Sanford Weill convinced him to turn down offers from Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, and join him as an assistant at American Express. Through a series of unprecedented mergers and acquisitions that ensued, they formed Citigroup, then the largest financial services conglomerate in the world. Weill was the one who made the deals, but Dimon was the “whiz kid” who made the numbers work. Dimon left Citigroup in November 1998 due to an internal conflict with Weill. Read the complete interview at the Business Insider. Related News Reburied Bluefield Time Capsule Features Penteli Marble First Ever Phobia Relief Day in New York Led by Kalliope Barlis FDNY Foundation Honors Andreas Dracopoulos, SNF Co-President Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name Email Popular Posts Popular Today Week Month All Chef Sophia Manatakis to Appear on Chopped Serbia Minister Tells Greece Sorry for Recognizing FYROM as Macedonia TNH's 50 Richest Greek-Americans 2014 List - Net Worth & More Dr. Lina Bolanos and Dr. Richard Field Found Dead in Penthouse, Likely Knew Killer Fraport Greece Presents Plans for Corfu Airport If you believe in our mission, please subscribe. It costs less than a cup of coffee a day. Please sign on, NOW Week’s Paper Special Issues About us Contact us Subscriptions COMMUNITY Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events GREECE Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science SPORTS Community Greece Cyprus International USA CYPRUS Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science CLASSIFIEDS OPINIONS Columnists Editorial Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Letter to the Editor Agora © Copyright 2015-2017 - The National Herald, Inc Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertise Job @ TNH 343 queries in 0.243 seconds.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Capital Product Partners L.P. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital Product Partners L.P. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Private Asset Management Inc. Sells 7,608 Shares of PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) AT&T Inc. (T) Stake Increased by First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division Macquarie Group Ltd. Sells 4,710 Shares of Fortinet Inc (FTNT) Macquarie Group Ltd. Buys 7,400 Shares of Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Macquarie Group Ltd. Has $494,000 Position in Preferred Apartment Communities Inc. (APTS) Waters Co. (WAT) Shares Bought by Macquarie Group Ltd. Kellogg Company (K) Stake Reduced by Macquarie Group Ltd. Searle & CO. Increases Stake in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Dana Inc (DAN) Stake Increased by Teachers Advisors LLC Zayo Group Holdings Inc (ZAYO) Stake Raised by Teachers Advisors LLC Capital Product Partners L.P. (CPLP) Position Decreased by Teachers Advisors LLC Graco Inc. (GGG) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC International Personal Finance Plc (IPF) Earns Under Review Rating from Peel Hunt Egdon Resources Plc’s (EDR) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at VSA Capital Zacks Investment Research Lowers MacroGenics Inc (MGNX) to Sell Ophir Energy Plc’s (OPHR) “Overweight” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC MYR Group Inc (MYRG) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Argo Group International Holdings, Ltd. to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.04 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts (AGII) Analysts Set Expectations for American Equity Investment Life Holding’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AEL) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 12,517 Shares of KLX Inc (KLXI) Capital Product Partners L.P. (CPLP) Position Decreased by Teachers Advisors LLC May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Teachers Advisors LLC decreased its position in Capital Product Partners L.P. (NASDAQ:CPLP) by 3.7% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 1,501,367 shares of the shipping company’s stock after selling 57,733 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC’s holdings in Capital Product Partners L.P. were worth $4,774,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. by 7,341.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 468,275 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $1,527,000 after buying an additional 461,982 shares during the period. Two Sigma Investments LP boosted its position in shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. by 90.0% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 823,778 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $2,620,000 after buying an additional 390,227 shares during the period. WFG Advisors LP boosted its position in shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. by 55,879.3% in the fourth quarter. WFG Advisors LP now owns 384,578 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $2,254,000 after buying an additional 383,891 shares during the period. Renaissance Technologies LLC acquired a new position in shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. during the fourth quarter worth $872,000. Finally, TCW Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. by 74.6% in the fourth quarter. TCW Group Inc. now owns 229,600 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $730,000 after buying an additional 98,100 shares during the period. 17.32% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. (NASDAQ:CPLP) opened at 3.37 on Tuesday. Capital Product Partners L.P. has a 12 month low of $2.53 and a 12 month high of $4.05. The company’s 50-day moving average is $3.43 and its 200-day moving average is $3.27. The firm has a market cap of $415.50 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 10.03 and a beta of 1.67. Capital Product Partners L.P. (NASDAQ:CPLP) last released its quarterly earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The shipping company reported $0.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.08. Capital Product Partners L.P. had a net margin of 20.49% and a return on equity of 5.53%. The business had revenue of $60.27 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $59.16 million. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Capital Product Partners L.P. will post $0.30 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 5th will be issued a dividend of $0.08 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 3rd. This represents a $0.32 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 9.50%. Capital Product Partners L.P.’s dividend payout ratio is currently 94.12%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Capital Product Partners L.P. (CPLP) Position Decreased by Teachers Advisors LLC” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/capital-product-partners-l-p-cplp-position-decreased-by-teachers-advisors-llc.html. A number of research analysts have recently weighed in on CPLP shares. TheStreet raised shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Friday, March 31st. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Wells Fargo & Co raised shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $5.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Evercore ISI raised shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $5.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $5.00 price objective on shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. in a research note on Friday, March 31st. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $4.40. About Capital Product Partners L.P. Capital Product Partners L.P. is an international owner of tanker, container and drybulk vessels. The Company’s fleet consisted of 36 high specification vessels with an average age of approximately 7.4 years, as of December 31, 2016. As of December 31, 2016, its fleet consisted of four Suezmax crude oil tankers, 21 medium range product tankers, 10 post-panamax container carrier vessels and one Capesize bulk carrier. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CPLP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Capital Product Partners L.P. (NASDAQ:CPLP). Receive News & Ratings for Capital Product Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital Product Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Login / Register New York Miami Los Angeles TRData LLNYC News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers The Real Deal New York JPMorgan Chase names new heads of real estate banking Almodovar served as CEO of the HFA under Spitzer By Konrad Putzier | May 08, 2017 07:00AM From left: JPMorgan’s Alice Carr, Priscilla Almodovar and Chad Tredway JPMorgan Chase promoted Priscilla Almodovar, the former head of the New York State Housing Finance Agency, and commercial lending vet Chad Tredway to lead the bank’s real estate lending business, the bank announced. Almodovar served as the HFA’s CEO from 2006 to 2009 and was credited for reforming the agency, which funds affordable housing projects. She joined JPMorgan Chase in 2010 and most recently headed the bank’s community development banking division. Tredway joined the bank in 2008 and most recently led the bank’s commercial term lending business for the eastern U.S. The two will succeed Tom Lawyer. JPMorgan Chase was the third most active commercial real estate lender in New York in 2016, according to research company CrediFi, originating more than $5 billion in loans. The bank claims to hold $90 billion in commercial real estate loans on its books, and was the country’s most active CMBS lender in 2016, according to Commercial Mortgage Alert. JPMorgan Chase also promoted Alice Carr to replace Almodovar as head of community development banking. She most recently managed the bank’s community development teams in the western and southern U.S. Tags: JPMorgan Chase Short URL Print Subscribe to our e-Lerts New York Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup South Florida Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup Los Angeles Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup China Watch Coming soon! Weekly Roundup Popular HFZ closes on $1.25B construction loan for Chelsea megaproject Jared Seligman’s ex-assistant alleges she was subjected to broker’s sexual high-jinks State Supreme Court judge rules in favor of Kibel in 421g case NYC luxury resi prices were stagnant in Q1: Knight Frank Caerus, Quality Capital land $59M loan for Village properties More Stories Sites South Florida Los Angeles TRData LLNYC Other Links Directory Shop About Us Staff Directory Contact Us Privacy Policy Careers STAY CONNECTED Join over 200,000 real estate professionals who receive our daily newsletter All rights reserved © 2017 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc. 450 West 31st Street, New York, NY 10001 Phone: 212-260-1332 Sections News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Gentex Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gentex Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Regency Centers Corp (REG) Stake Lowered by LS Investment Advisors LLC MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Has $179,000 Stake in W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) LS Investment Advisors LLC Purchases 333 Shares of The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Continues to Hold Stake in UGI Corp (UGI) DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Stake Boosted by Forward Management LLC LS Investment Advisors LLC Has $469,000 Position in American Financial Group Inc (AFG) LS Investment Advisors LLC Lowers Position in HollyFrontier Corp (HFC) Gentex Co. (GNTX) Position Increased by LS Investment Advisors LLC Bgeo Group PLC (BGEO) to Release Earnings on Tuesday Walker Innovation Inc (WLKR) Announces Earnings Results TG Therapeutics Inc (TGTX) Issues Earnings Results NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Issues Earnings Results Mediwound Ltd (MDWD) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.03 EPS Brokerages Anticipate Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) Will Post Earnings of $0.86 Per Share Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Crocs (CROX) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Carpenter Technology (CRS) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact E I Du Pont De Nemours And (DD) Share Price Walt Disney (DIS) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Deutsche Bank AG (DB) Stock Price Asset Management Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) Gentex Co. (GNTX) Position Increased by LS Investment Advisors LLC May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet LS Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Gentex Co. (NASDAQ:GNTX) by 11.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 22,101 shares of the auto parts company’s stock after buying an additional 2,215 shares during the period. LS Investment Advisors LLC’s holdings in Gentex were worth $471,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Gentex by 27.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 52,734 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $926,000 after buying an additional 11,458 shares during the last quarter. Goelzer Investment Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Gentex by 0.3% in the third quarter. Goelzer Investment Management Inc. now owns 247,686 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $4,349,000 after buying an additional 835 shares during the last quarter. TradeLink Capital LLC acquired a new position in shares of Gentex during the third quarter worth approximately $227,000. Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Gentex by 0.5% in the third quarter. Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC now owns 40,085 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $704,000 after buying an additional 185 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Capital Management Associates NY acquired a new position in shares of Gentex during the third quarter worth approximately $492,000. 83.86% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Gentex Co. (NASDAQ:GNTX) traded down 0.30% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $20.00. 1,312,331 shares of the company traded hands. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $20.63 and its 200 day moving average price is $19.85. Gentex Co. has a 12-month low of $14.66 and a 12-month high of $22.12. The firm has a market capitalization of $5.75 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 0.96. Gentex (NASDAQ:GNTX) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday, April 21st. The auto parts company reported $0.33 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.31 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $453.54 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $444.92 million. Gentex had a return on equity of 19.05% and a net margin of 20.70%. Gentex’s quarterly revenue was up 11.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.28 EPS. Equities research analysts predict that Gentex Co. will post $1.31 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 19th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 7th were given a $0.09 dividend. This represents a $0.36 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.80%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, April 5th. Gentex’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 29.75%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/gentex-co-gntx-position-increased-by-ls-investment-advisors-llc.html. A number of research analysts have commented on GNTX shares. KeyCorp reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Gentex in a research report on Monday, January 9th. FBR & Co raised their target price on shares of Gentex from $22.00 to $25.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Gentex from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Wellington Shields cut shares of Gentex from a “buy” rating to an “accumulate” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $21.50 target price on shares of Gentex in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $23.10. In other news, VP Joseph E. Iv Matthews sold 9,996 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, April 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $20.31, for a total transaction of $203,018.76. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 20,100 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $408,231. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, Director John A. Mulder sold 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $21.28, for a total value of $212,800.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 45,610 shares of company stock worth $947,029 in the last ninety days. 2.90% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Gentex Company Profile Gentex Corporation designs and manufactures automatic-dimming rearview mirrors and electronics for the automotive industry, dimmable aircraft windows for the aviation industry, and commercial smoke alarms and signaling devices for the fire protection industry. The Company’s business segment involves designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing interior and exterior automatic-dimming automotive rearview mirrors that utilize electrochromic technology to dim in proportion to the amount of headlight glare from trailing vehicle headlamps. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GNTX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Gentex Co. (NASDAQ:GNTX). Receive News & Ratings for Gentex Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gentex Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, May 10, 2017 3:01 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Thunderstorm MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Detroit revival spurs JPMorgan to make fresh US$50m pledge Wednesday May 10, 2017 01:23 PM GMT+8 ICYMI New Zealand plans to abolish blasphemy laws after Stephen Fry probe The Edit: Diddy sued by former chef The Edit: Meet the dinosaur named after a ‘Ghostbusters’ beast Sallehen Mukhyi appointed as new Selangor PAS chief Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A view of the exterior of the JP Morgan Chase & Co corporate headquarters in New York. ― Reuters picNEW YORK, May 10 ― JPMorgan Chase & Co is investing another US$50 million (RM217 million) in Detroit amid what city officials and bank executives describe as encouraging signs for urban renewal through public-private partnerships. JPMorgan's latest investment, which it plans to announce today, comes on top of a US$100 million, five-year commitment the largest US bank made to Detroit in 2014. At the time, the city was bankrupt due to the near-collapse of the US auto industry and six decades of economic decline and population exodus. The bank has put up US$107 million so far, funding blight removal, commercial and residential redevelopment, job skills training and loans to small businesses. Now it plans to reinvest US$13 million from early loan repayments, and commit an additional US$30 million, Peter Scher, the bank's head of corporate responsibility, said in an interview. “There's been a much more vibrant comeback in the small business sector in Detroit than anyone expected,” he said. The US$150 million commitment is tiny compared with the bank's US$2.5 trillion balance sheet, but JPMorgan is the biggest bank in Detroit, aligning its interests with the city's. Chief Executive Jamie Dimon has made it a personal mission to improve Detroit, visiting at least six times to check on the initiative. Dimon has met with contractors who needed working capital to repair homes and with food entrepreneurs who needed shared commercial kitchens for bread baking and sausage-making. The bank has worked with Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan to focus its efforts on neighborhoods with the most promise and city support. “Detroit's resurgence is a model for what can be accomplished when leaders work together to create economic growth and opportunity,” Dimon said in a statement provided to Reuters. JPMorgan has followed other private investors. Billionaire Dan Gilbert, founder of Quicken Loans Inc, and his companies control more than 90 properties downtown in a redevelopment push. Detroit was once the fifth largest US city with 1.85 million people. It now ranks below the top 20 and has its smallest population since 1850. But in July 2015, by the most recent Census Bureau estimate, Detroit's 677,116 residents were just 0.5 per cent fewer than the year before, the smallest drop in decades. The bureau will release 2016 figures later this month. Local officials hope to see gains. “It will validate all the work that is going on here,” said Carmine Palombo, deputy executive director of the Southeast Michigan Council of Governments. Still, the city's unemployment rate was 10.9 per cent in 2016, the highest among the 50 largest US cities. Nearly 40 per cent of residents live in poverty and Detroit had the second-highest violent crime rate in 2016 among major US cities. ― Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Asian stocks set on edge by Comey dismissal, N. Korea tensions Oil prices rise in Asia in expectation of Aramco supply cut BMW to raise production capacity to 3 million cars by 2020, report says Daimler drops bid to win approval to sell US 2017 Mercedes diesels US Commerce's Ross says 3pc GDP growth not achievable this year Firefly says cut Penang flights due to weak ringgit, competition High debt, stagnant wages to hobble Malaysia’s growth in 2017, says economist Zcash, the virtual money making its mark Bursa to trend higher towards 1,770 points level next week Canada’s Trudeau mulls coal ban in response to US lumber tariffs Most Watched Now Week Innovative globe chess board NYT Video: How Danny DeVito eats an egg (and still says his lines) on Broadway Reuters Video: Pink Floyd retrospective exhibition previews in London Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Related Articles Loan growth stalls despite profit, trading gains at big US banks JPMorgan said in talks for Dublin office as Citi weighs EU unit Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan suspend YouTube ads over offensive videos (VIDEO) Car-free vacations for the urban traveller Source: Saudi Aramco taps JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley for IPO, HSBC a contender Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nestle SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nestle SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Allied Properties Real Estate Investment (AP.UN) Price Target Raised to C$37.00 Nestle SA (NESN) Given a CHF 84 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) PT Raised to C$12.50 CIGNA Co. (CI) Hits New 52-Week High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Enerplus Corp (ERF) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat Geron Co. (GERN) Posts Earnings Results, Meets Expectations ON Semiconductor Corp (ON) Shares Sold by Ameriprise Financial Inc. PacWest Bancorp (PACW) Position Raised by Ameriprise Financial Inc. Ameriprise Financial Inc. Boosts Stake in Canadian Natural Resource Ltd (CNQ) Ameriprise Financial Inc. Has $263.742 Million Stake in Nuance Communications Inc. (NUAN) Boston Family Office LLC Holds Stake in Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) Boston Family Office LLC Buys Shares of 22,100 Teradyne, Inc. (TER) Lifetime Brands Inc (LCUT) Position Decreased by Olstein Capital Management L.P. Olstein Capital Management L.P. Acquires 92,281 Shares of CECO Environmental Corp. (CECE) Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Affect Lexington Realty Trust (LXP) Share Price New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.13 Brokerages Anticipate Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. (SPR) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.72 Billion Mraz Amerine & Associates Inc. Raises Position in NOW Inc (DNOW) Covanta Holding Corp (CVA) Position Maintained by Mraz Amerine & Associates Inc. Caldwell & Orkin Inc. Purchases Shares of 41,900 BWX Technologies Inc (BWXT) Nestle SA (NESN) Given a CHF 84 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Nestle SA (VTX:NESN) has been assigned a CHF 84 target price by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued on Monday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Other equities research analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a CHF 81 price target on shares of Nestle SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. Barclays PLC set a CHF 81 price target on shares of Nestle SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Deutsche Bank AG set a CHF 90 price target on shares of Nestle SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Morgan Stanley set a CHF 90 price target on shares of Nestle SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada set a CHF 77 price target on shares of Nestle SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of CHF 81.55. Shares of Nestle SA (VTX:NESN) opened at 80.95 on Monday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of CHK 77.09 and a 200-day moving average of CHK 73.60. Nestle SA has a one year low of CHK 67.00 and a one year high of CHK 81.05. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Nestle SA (NESN) Given a CHF 84 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/nestle-sa-nesn-given-a-chf-84-price-target-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-analysts.html. Nestle SA Company Profile Nestle SA is a nutrition, health and wellness company. The Company’s segments are Zone Europe, Middle East and North Africa (EMENA); Zone Americas (AMS); Zone Asia, Oceania and sub-Saharan Africa (AOA); Nestle Waters; Nestle Nutrition, and Other Businesses. The Company operates in the United States, Greater China Region, Switzerland and Rest of the World. Receive News & Ratings for Nestle SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nestle SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 33-51 We set you thinking Wednesday 10 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business Oil prices rise in expectation of Aramco supply cut to Asia 1494399068 Business China opening up its bond markets, but currency seen as major barrier 1494397621 World South Korean business groups say will work with new president on job creation 1494397526 World New South Korea president vows to address North Korea, broader tensions 'urgently' 1494396222 World Supporters rally for Jakarta’s jailed Christian governor 1494394860 World US warns of kidnapping threat on Philippine tourist island 1494396116 Business ChemChina gets around 82 percent of Syngenta in $43 billion deal 1494395128 World South Korea's Moon names inter-Korean talks veteran as spy chief 1494394853 Business Amazon trounces rivals in battle of the shopping 'bots' 1494394562 World Merkel's conservatives could govern with Greens, FDP-German poll 1494393873 Business Asia stocks rise for third day on earnings; dollar stalls on Comey sacking 1494394008 Voices Make some tweaks to tackle unemployment 1494393410 Business Detroit revival spurs JPMorgan to make fresh $50 million pledge 1494389901 World China says Taiwan health not at risk by absence from U.N. meeting 1494389451 World Echoes of Watergate in Donald Trump's firing of FBI chief James Comey 1494386100 Business Glass Lewis says BlackRock CEO's pay, performance misaligned 1494387471 World China's Xi congratulates new South Korean president 1494387188 Singapore Tighter controls over entertainment spots to clamp down on illicit activities 1494257160 Singapore Taxi sharing to make comeback via GrabShare, but cabbies sceptical 1494386160 World Greater total pollution exposure tied to higher cancer risk: Study 1494360120 World Trump fires FBI Director Comey, setting off political storm in US 1494368880 World South Korea's Moon to hold news conference, name key aides: parliament official 1494383043 World China's Xi says wants to appropriately handle disputes with South Korea 1494383024 Business ESPN concerns drag on Disney, shares dip 1494375644 World South Korea's Moon taps Lee Nak-yon as next prime minister: Yonhap 1494374951 World South Korea's Moon speaks with chairman of joint chiefs of staff 1494375038 World U.N. aviation agency seeks global approach to laptop ban 1494373668 Business U.S. Commerce's Ross says 3 percent GDP growth not achievable this year 1494373421 Business U.S. Commerce chief says EPA permits top regulatory 'hit list' 1494371889 World For one Chinese city, new 'Silk Road' leaves old problems unsolved 1494371132 Business New York judge halts request in Avianca Airlines shareholder spat 1494370501 Business Wall Street loses oomph but Apple crosses $800-billion mark 1494362277 Business J&J discloses U.S. probe related to arthritis drugs 1494283773 Business U.S. Democratic senators seek probe into Icahn’s biofuel credit dealings 1494364429 World U.S. increasingly convinced that Russia hacked French election: sources 1494365352 World Bomb threat causes panic on Saudi airliner 1494365381 World French ex-prime minister Valls offers to back Macron in elections 1494346329 World Ousted Venezuelan governor threatens government with shamanic curse 1494364963 World U.S. does not see Moon win in South Korea significantly changing ties 1494364194 World South Korea president winner Moon vows to unify bruised country 1494364194 World Gambia central bank governor, other top bank officials fired 1494361146 World Bins, cooking, the bedroom: Britain's May offers glimpse of private life 1494362642 World Trump to meet with Abu Dhabi crown prince on May 15: White House 1494357722 World South Sudan president replaces army chief 1494361979 World Infant mortality and malaria soar in Venezuela, according to government data 1494358622 World Le Pen's niece will not seek re-election as French lawmaker 1494360746 World Germany detains second soldier suspected of planning 'extremist' attack 1494356943 World EU urges U.S. not to cut U.N. funds, stay committed to climate deal 1494360376 Business Daimler drops bid to win approval to sell U.S. 2017 Mercedes diesels 1494363290 Business Apple tops $800 billion market cap for first time 1494361745 Business Detroit revival spurs JPMorgan to make fresh $50 million pledge mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 12:20 PM, May 10, 2017 NEW YORK/WASHINGTON - JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N> is investing another $50 million in Detroit amid what city officials and bank executives describe as encouraging signs for urban renewal through public-private partnerships. JPMorgan's latest investment, which it plans to announce on Wednesday, comes on top of a $100 million, five-year commitment the largest U.S. bank made to Detroit in 2014. At the time, the city was bankrupt due to the near-collapse of the U.S. auto industry and six decades of economic decline and population exodus. The bank has put up $107 million so far, funding blight removal, commercial and residential redevelopment, job skills training and loans to small businesses. Now it plans to reinvest $13 million from early loan repayments, and commit an additional $30 million, Peter Scher, the bank's head of corporate responsibility, said in an interview. "There's been a much more vibrant comeback in the small business sector in Detroit than anyone expected," he said. The $150 million commitment is tiny compared with the bank's $2.5 trillion balance sheet, but JPMorgan is the biggest bank in Detroit, aligning its interests with the city's. Chief Executive Jamie Dimon has made it a personal mission to improve Detroit, visiting at least six times to check on the initiative. Dimon has met with contractors who needed working capital to repair homes and with food entrepreneurs who needed shared commercial kitchens for bread baking and sausage-making. The bank has worked with Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan to focus its efforts on neighborhoods with the most promise and city support. "Detroit's resurgence is a model for what can be accomplished when leaders work together to create economic growth and opportunity,” Dimon said in a statement provided to Reuters. JPMorgan has followed other private investors. Billionaire Dan Gilbert, founder of Quicken Loans Inc, and his companies control more than 90 properties downtown in a redevelopment push. Detroit was once the fifth largest U.S. city with 1.85 million people. It now ranks below the top 20 and has its smallest population since 1850. But in July 2015, by the most recent Census Bureau estimate, Detroit's 677,116 residents were just 0.5 percent fewer than the year before, the smallest drop in decades. The bureau will release 2016 figures later this month. Local officials hope to see gains. "It will validate all the work that is going on here," said Carmine Palombo, deputy executive director of the Southeast Michigan Council of Governments. Still, the city's unemployment rate was 10.9 percent in 2016, the highest among the 50 largest U.S. cities. Nearly 40 percent of residents live in poverty and Detroit had the second-highest violent crime rate in 2016 among major U.S. cities. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus With Obamacare vote, House Republicans free to turn to tax reform With maiden jet flight, China enters dog-fight with Boeing, Airbus With eye on millennials, Coach buys Kate Spade Wells Fargo says agrees with Buffett and is fixing its problems Wealth investments paying off for Singapore’s three big banks Waymo has 'no smoking gun' in Uber self driving car case -U.S. judge Warren Buffett says he sold a third of stake in IBM: CNBC Wall Street slips as Fed holds on rates; financials rise Wall Street set to rise after Macron wins in France Inside Today World South Korean business groups say will work with new president on job creation New South Korea president vows to address North Korea, broader tensions 'urgently' US warns of kidnapping threat on Philippine tourist island Supporters rally for Jakarta’s jailed Christian governor South Korea's Moon names inter-Korean talks veteran as spy chief Business Oil prices rise in expectation of Aramco supply cut to Asia China opening up its bond markets, but currency seen as major barrier ChemChina gets around 82 percent of Syngenta in $43 billion deal Amazon trounces rivals in battle of the shopping 'bots' Asia stocks rise for third day on earnings; dollar stalls on Comey sacking Sports Hougang, Geylang relish Filipino challenge in S’pore Cup In Atletico Madrid’s ramshackle home, an underdog’s spirit thrived Tang sets sights on 2 race titles this year Dutch turn to Dick Advocaat for World Cup rescue RHB Bank gives Singapore football S$1.5m boost Entertainment Going vegan in Singapore is easy, says Les Mis star Jimmy Kimmel gives update on son, fires back at media New Hellboy movie in the works; Stranger Things actor David Harbour in talks to star Warner Bros releases trailer of Blade Runner sequel Music business is not for my daughter, says Wakin Chau About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video SF supervisors decide city’s vehicle fleet should go green Trump fires FBI Director James Comey SF supes approve labor arbitrator for Police Commission I-80 in El Cerrito re-opens after rollover crash closes lanes News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA S. Korea's new president willing to visit rival North Descendants of syphilis study subjects emerging from shadows Iraqi boys recount horrors of captivity, training by IS Iraqi boys' harrowing tale of captivity, training by IS Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Alonso hits HRs, Cotton allows them in A’s loss Wizards-Celtics series returns to Boston Remembering Sleepy Floyd’s game of a lifetime A’s bring up outfielder Mark Canha, cut slumping Jaff Decker Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Business News Roundup, May 10 FTC lawsuit against AT&T over iPhone data speeds may be revived Amazon adds screens, voice calling to new Echo speakers Speakeasy Ales & Lagers gets new owner, bar taps will stay open A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do ‘Home’ a too-rare show from Lorraine Hansberry Theatre The latest from Dear Abby Hepburn in ‘Roman Holiday,’ ‘Sabrina’ at Stanford Theatre Alameda Downtown festival returns to Park Street Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Peet's giving away free drinks of any size on Friday The 22 restaurants removed from the San Francisco Chronicle's Top These SF spots still have reservations available for Mother's Day Häagen-Dazs' free ice cream cone day hits Bay Area Tuesday Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Mother-daughter look-alikes: Share your photos People hate Dove's new ad campaign, despite well-meaning message Instagrammer discovers the shapes of San Francisco Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips New and renovated SF hotels ready for summer season Hangzhou: Dynamic city steeped in ancient mystique Pint-size carry-ons that fit new budget fare limits Suite Spot: Il Sereno Lago di Como, Italy Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Russian Hill view home includes guest apartment Bush Street shipping container loft conversion sells for $5.25M Martinez bungalow with marine views, backyard waterfall asks Ken Fulk-designed condo in new luxury building Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Busting through job search fears How can I make my career dream a reality? Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/JPMorgan-Chase-to-expand-financial-commitment-to-11134520.php JPMorgan Chase to expand financial commitment to Detroit Updated 9:08 pm, Tuesday, May 9, 2017 DETROIT (AP) — JPMorgan Chase is expanding its financial commitment to Detroit's economic recovery. The bank will announce Wednesday at Focus: HOPE's conference Center in Detroit that an initial five-year investment of $100 million is expected to reach $150 million. Since 2014, JPMorgan Chase has invested -- through loans and grants -- $50 million in community development financing, nearly $30 million to revitalize Detroit neighborhoods, $15 million for workforce development, more than $9 million for small business expansion and close to $7 million in other efforts. The bank says it reached the initial investment two years ahead of schedule due to strong collaboration between civic, business and nonprofit leadership. Improving economic conditions in the city also helped. Mayor Mike Duggan, JPMorgan Chase Head of Corporate Responsibility Peter Scher will be among Wednesday's speakers. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. FBI DIRECTOR FIRED Report: Comey found out he was fired from TV news report Report: Grand jury subpoenas issued to Flynn’s associates Only one other FBI director has been fired Trump fires Comey in 'new beginning' for FBI Read Trump's letter to ousted FBI Director Comey Editorial: Trump’s Tuesday night massacre LATEST NEWS SF supes OK labor arbitrator for Police Commission Student suspended for liking photo of airsoft gun I-80 in El Cerrito re-opens after rollover crash Man accused of abandoning child in car he crashed 2 arrested after brawl at Fremont banquet hall Flier says United canceled ticket after filming dispute Motorcycle salesman cops to major fraud scheme Boy, 13, busted in shoplifting swarm at SF store Mystery girl found in coffin beneath SF home is identified Young girl laid again to rest, 145 years after her first burial Mountain lion kittens caught on camera in North Bay Mountain lion found hiding in Santa Cruz tree Jury convicts man in Sierra LaMar's 2012 murder Milpitas doctor arrested in sexual assault of patient Talbot: Democracy still alive inside SF’s gold-domed palace Former Airbnb executive brings lessons back to hotels TODAY'S TOP PICKS SF may be seeing a lot more of Karl the Fog this summer Futuristic SF designs that never happened (and a few that did) Mother-daughter look-alikes: Share your photos Most Popular 1 Bay Area flier says United canceled his ticket after he filmed... 2 Mystery girl found in coffin beneath SF home is identified 3 Report: Comey found out he was fired from TV news report 4 Jimmy Kimmel slams critics of his emotional health-care plea,... 5 13-year-old boy busted in shoplifting swarm at SF store 6 Peet's giving away free drinks of any size on Friday 7 DC whiplash: Prosecutors issue grand jury subpoenas to Michael... 8 Mountain lion kittens caught on camera in North Bay 9 I-80 in El Cerrito re-opens after rollover crash closes lanes 10 Only one other FBI director has been fired — and Nixon... LATEST NEWS SF supes OK labor arbitrator for Police Commission Student suspended for liking photo of airsoft gun I-80 in El Cerrito re-opens after rollover crash Man accused of abandoning child in car he crashed 2 arrested after brawl at Fremont banquet hall Flier says United canceled ticket after filming dispute Motorcycle salesman cops to major fraud scheme Boy, 13, busted in shoplifting swarm at SF store View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Washington Trust Bancorp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Washington Trust Bancorp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Cuts Stake in Travelport Worldwide Ltd (TVPT) Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Position Decreased by Cedar Capital LLC MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc (MSM) Stake Boosted by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Buys New Position in Washington Trust Bancorp (WASH) Aviragen Therapeutics Inc (AVIR) Stake Held by GABELLI & Co INVESTMENT ADVISERS INC. Cohen & Steers, Inc. (CNS) Stake Maintained by GABELLI & Co INVESTMENT ADVISERS INC. Oshkosh Corp (OSK) Shares Bought by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC 4,000 Shares in Envision Healthcare Co. (EVHC) Acquired by GABELLI & Co INVESTMENT ADVISERS INC. GABELLI & Co INVESTMENT ADVISERS INC. Boosts Position in Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Acrospire Investment Management LLC Acquires 1,301 Shares of Bunge Ltd (BG) GABELLI & Co INVESTMENT ADVISERS INC. Acquires New Stake in Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) J B Hunt Transport Services Inc (JBHT) Shares Bought by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Has $1.918 Million Position in BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI) Instructure Inc (INST) EVP Marc T. Maloy Sells 3,000 Shares TriNet Group Inc (TNET) SVP Brady Mickelsen Sells 6,000 Shares John S. Hatfield Sells 2,265 Shares of Pinnacle West Capital Co. (PNW) Stock Insider Selling: Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Insider Sells 8,000 Shares of Stock Darren M. Rebelez Purchases 3,775 Shares of DineEquity Inc (DIN) Stock 5N Plus Inc (VNP) Director Acquires C$109,350.00 in Stock Gabelli Funds LLC Has $28.654 Million Stake in Fomento Economico Mexicano SAB (FMX) Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Buys New Position in Washington Trust Bancorp (WASH) May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Affinity Investment Advisors LLC bought a new stake in Washington Trust Bancorp (NASDAQ:WASH) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor bought 4,285 shares of the financial services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $211,000. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Philadelphia Trust Co. raised its position in shares of Washington Trust Bancorp by 9.4% in the third quarter. Philadelphia Trust Co. now owns 44,198 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,778,000 after buying an additional 3,800 shares in the last quarter. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company purchased a new position in shares of Washington Trust Bancorp during the third quarter valued at about $16,815,000. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its position in shares of Washington Trust Bancorp by 3.1% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 702,985 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $39,403,000 after buying an additional 20,981 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Washington Trust Bancorp by 4.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 71,189 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,863,000 after buying an additional 3,202 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. raised its position in shares of Washington Trust Bancorp by 2.7% in the fourth quarter. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. now owns 5,827 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $327,000 after buying an additional 154 shares in the last quarter. 52.41% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Washington Trust Bancorp (NASDAQ:WASH) remained flat at $50.60 on Tuesday. The company had a trading volume of 41,267 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $50.12 and its 200-day moving average is $51.74. The company has a market capitalization of $870.62 million, a P/E ratio of 18.47 and a beta of 0.65. Washington Trust Bancorp has a 52-week low of $34.59 and a 52-week high of $58.30. Washington Trust Bancorp (NASDAQ:WASH) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Monday, April 24th. The financial services provider reported $0.68 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.70 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $43.19 million for the quarter. Washington Trust Bancorp had a return on equity of 11.95% and a net margin of 23.37%. On average, equities analysts forecast that Washington Trust Bancorp will post $2.83 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, April 13th. Stockholders of record on Monday, April 3rd were given a dividend of $0.38 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 30th. This is an increase from Washington Trust Bancorp’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.37. This represents a $1.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.00%. Washington Trust Bancorp’s dividend payout ratio is presently 54.82%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/affinity-investment-advisors-llc-buys-new-position-in-washington-trust-bancorp-wash.html. Several research analysts have recently issued reports on WASH shares. Compass Point raised Washington Trust Bancorp from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $55.00 target price on shares of Washington Trust Bancorp in a research report on Monday, April 10th. In other news, Chairman Joseph J. Marcaurele sold 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $52.10, for a total transaction of $260,500.00. Following the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 62,455 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,253,905.50. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 2.58% of the company’s stock. Washington Trust Bancorp Company Profile Washington Trust Bancorp, Inc is a bank holding company and financial holding company. The Company is a holding company of The Washington Trust Company, of Westerly (the Bank), a Rhode Island chartered commercial bank. The Company operates through two business segments: Commercial Banking and Wealth Management Services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WASH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Washington Trust Bancorp (NASDAQ:WASH). Receive News & Ratings for Washington Trust Bancorp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Washington Trust Bancorp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Wednesday, May 10, 2017 News Sarawak State Election 2016 Nation Sabah World Brunei Kalimantan Business Sports Football General Badminton Utusan Borneo Archive thesundaypost Columns BPO Seeds BAT Business  Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit May 10, 2017, Wednesday LONDON: The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Last week Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London’s growth as a financial centre could ‘stall’ as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS, and Citigroup have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union’s single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. “It’s full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning,” said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. “There’s no waiting.” Although the moves would represent about 2 per cent of London’s finance jobs, Britain’s tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The Institute for Fiscal Studies – a think tank focused on budget issues – said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population will have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit. The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favour opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. Deutsche Bank said on Apr 26 up to 4,000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit – the largest potential move of any bank. JPMorgan last week announced plans to move hundreds of roles to three European cities in the next two years. This is still significantly lower than the 4,000 figure JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon first estimated before the vote. Estimates for possible finance-related job losses from Brexit are on a broad range from 4,000 to 232,000, according to separate reports by Oliver Wyman and Ernst & Young. Banks are treading carefully, enacting two-stage contingency plans, to avoid losing nervous London-based staff as they work out how many jobs will have to eventually move. This suggests that the numbers could potentially rise further depending on what deal is eventually negotiated between the EU and Britain. This first phase involves small numbers to make sure the requisite licences, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next will depend on the longer term strategy of a bank’s European business. The Bank of England has given finance companies until July 14 to set out their plans. — Reuters What do you think of this story? Angry (0%) Sad (0%) Nothing (0%) Interesting (0%) Great (0%) Share this: Tweet Email   ← Steady growth keeps Commerzbank restructuring ‘on track’ Chinese bank payment networks surge as Western lenders cut ties → We encourage commenting on our stories to give readers a chance to express their opinions; please refrain from vulgar language, insidious, seditious or slanderous remarks. While the comments here reflect the views of the readers, they are not necessarily that of Borneo Post Online. Borneo Post Online reserves the right not to publish or to remove comments that are offensive or volatile. Please read the Commenting Rules. Popular Today Week Month All DBKK has no power to remove Atkinson Clock Tower - Mayor Thai woman gets death sentence for drug trafficking Cabotage policy good for Sarawak – Chong 80 interim teachers fail psychometric test Foreign women detained for offering sex services Weekly News Highlights Affiliates -- Affiliates --Borneo Post OnlineSee Hua OnlineKTS TradingMetropolitanOriental DailyBorneo Post International Education FairYayasan Sarawak   Supplement Downloads BP Supplement Archive Member of Quicklinks CAREERS ADVERTISE CONTACT US RSS Fastlane Home News Business Sports Utusan Borneo thesundaypost Columns Useful Links BPO Commenting Rules and Regulations BPO News Archive Handy Contacts This service is provided on BorneoPost online standard Policies and Conditions. Copyright 2010-2015 BorneoPost Online. All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Universal Insurance Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Insurance Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 3,358 Shares in Universal Forest Products, Inc. (UFPI) Acquired by Renaissance Group LLC NeoGenomics, Inc. (NEO) Shares Bought by Renaissance Group LLC Renaissance Group LLC Acquires Shares of 13,318 Universal Insurance Holdings, Inc. (UVE) Renaissance Group LLC Has $318,000 Stake in Ellie Mae Inc (ELLI) FairPoint Communications Inc (FRP) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Bank of America Corp Weight Watchers International, Inc. (WTW) Given New $18.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley CDW Corp (CDW) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Facebook Inc (FB) Receives Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Gartner Inc (IT) Price Target Increased to $112.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley Universal Display Co. (OLED) Receives “Hold” Rating from Needham & Company LLC America First Multifamily Investors LP (ATAX) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) Shares Bought by Comerica Bank Comerica Bank Sells 19,129 Shares of Grupo Financiero Galicia S.A. (GGAL) Kansas City Southern (KSU) Shares Bought by Comerica Bank Comerica Bank Purchases 7,018 Shares of Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Analysts Expect MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) to Post $1.00 Earnings Per Share Analysts Expect Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) to Announce $0.89 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $7.06 Billion Party City Holdco Inc (PRTY) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Renaissance Group LLC Acquires Shares of 13,318 Universal Insurance Holdings, Inc. (UVE) May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Renaissance Group LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Universal Insurance Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:UVE) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor purchased 13,318 shares of the insurance provider’s stock, valued at approximately $326,000. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of UVE. Gillson Capital LP bought a new position in Universal Insurance Holdings during the fourth quarter valued at about $10,065,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Universal Insurance Holdings by 5.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,209,684 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $55,684,000 after buying an additional 120,916 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Universal Insurance Holdings by 104.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 215,079 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $5,419,000 after buying an additional 110,016 shares in the last quarter. James Investment Research Inc. bought a new position in Universal Insurance Holdings during the first quarter valued at about $1,724,000. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in Universal Insurance Holdings by 12.2% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 549,077 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $15,594,000 after buying an additional 59,862 shares in the last quarter. 70.42% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Universal Insurance Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:UVE) traded down 0.60% on Tuesday, hitting $24.75. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 134,523 shares. Universal Insurance Holdings, Inc. has a 1-year low of $17.23 and a 1-year high of $29.20. The company has a market capitalization of $868.03 million, a P/E ratio of 8.41 and a beta of 1.77. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $23.88 and a 200-day moving average price of $25.00. Universal Insurance Holdings (NYSE:UVE) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The insurance provider reported $0.38 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.30 by $0.08. The company had revenue of $178.60 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $174.26 million. Universal Insurance Holdings had a net margin of 17.18% and a return on equity of 34.51%. On average, equities analysts forecast that Universal Insurance Holdings, Inc. will post $3.20 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, June 14th will be issued a $0.14 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, June 12th. This represents a $0.56 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.26%. Universal Insurance Holdings’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 17.39%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Renaissance Group LLC Acquires Shares of 13,318 Universal Insurance Holdings, Inc. (UVE)” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/renaissance-group-llc-acquires-shares-of-13318-universal-insurance-holdings-inc-uve.html. About Universal Insurance Holdings Universal Insurance Holdings, Inc (UVE) is a private personal residential homeowners insurance company in Florida. The Company performs substantially all aspects of insurance underwriting, policy issuance, general administration, and claims processing and settlement internally. The Company’s subsidiaries include Universal Property & Casualty Insurance Company (UPCIC) and American Platinum Property and Casualty Insurance Company (APPCIC). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UVE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Universal Insurance Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:UVE). Receive News & Ratings for Universal Insurance Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Insurance Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,976 -36.50 -0.17% Nasdaq 6,121 +17.93 +0.29% S&P 500 2,397 -2.46 -0.10% 3:06 A.M. ET ITV shares down 1% after trading update 3:04 A.M. ET ING shares up 2.6% after profit report 3:04 A.M. ET Barratt Developments rises 2.3% after 2017 outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.2% lower at 12,726 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,394.10 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally lower at 7,340.37 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally lower at 395.70 2:56 A.M. ET Updated The New York Times will take you on a tour and teach you all about Brexit for $6,000 2:50 A.M. ET Opinion The ECB should avoid the temptation to cancel QE 2:51 A.M. ET Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound 2:50 A.M. ET Barratt sees 2017 profit at top end of views 2:49 A.M. ET AstraZeneca asthma drug misses primary endpoint 2:28 A.M. ET ITV maintains outlook even as revenue falls 2:27 A.M. ET U.K. regulator may probe Capita-Vodafone deal 2:27 A.M. ET BAE trading in line; backs 2017 guidance 2:26 A.M. ET AXA revenue nearly flat as revenue misses views 2:25 A.M. ET French Insurer AXA plans to list shares in U.S. 2:24 A.M. ET Suez confirms outlook at revenue rises 2:24 A.M. ET ING net profit slips, but pretax profit up 39% 2:22 A.M. ET Ahold Delhaize net sales rise 65% in first quarter Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release The Chemours Company Announces Pricing of $500,000,000 of Senior Notes Due 2027 By Published: May 9, 2017 5:22 p.m. ET Share WILMINGTON, Del., May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Chemours Company (Chemours) CC, +1.14% a global chemistry company with leading market positions in titanium technologies, fluoroproducts and chemical solutions, today, announced the pricing of the previously announced registered underwritten public offering (the "offering") of $500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due 2027 at a public offering price of 99.051% of the principal amount. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and TD Securities (USA) LLC are acting as joint-book running managers for the offering. HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., Mizuho Securities USA Inc. and RBC Capital Markets LLC are acting as co-managers for the offering. The offering is being made by means of a prospectus supplement. Chemours has filed a shelf registration statement (including a prospectus) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for the offering to which this communication relates. You may review these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC's website, at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, these documents may be obtained from Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC by calling toll-free at 1-800-221-1037, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at 1-212-834-4533, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll-free at 1-800-831-9146, Barclays Capital Inc. toll-free at 1-888-603-5847 and TD Securities (USA) LLC toll-free at 1-855-495-9846. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Such an offer can only be made by delivery of a prospectus and prospectus supplement, if applicable, that have been filed with the SEC. About The Chemours CompanyThe Chemours Company CC, +1.14% helps create a colorful, capable and cleaner world through the power of chemistry.  Chemours is a global leader in titanium technologies, fluoroproducts and chemical solutions, providing its customers with solutions in a wide range of industries with market-defining products, application expertise and chemistry-based innovations.  Chemours ingredients are found in plastics and coatings, refrigeration and air conditioning, mining and general industrial manufacturing.  Our flagship products include prominent brands such as Teflon™, Ti-Pure™, Krytox™, Viton™, Opteon™, Freon™ and Nafion™.  Chemours has approximately 7,000 employees and 26 manufacturing sites serving approximately 4,000 customers in North America, Latin America, Asia-Pacific and Europe.  Chemours is headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware and is listed on the NYSE under the symbol CC.  For more information please visit chemours.com. Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the federal securities laws, that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. The words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "plan," "estimate," "target," "project" and similar expressions, among others, generally identify "forward-looking statements," which speak only as of the date the statements were made. These forward-looking statements address, among other things, the offering, our agreement with DuPont relating to the MDL Settlement, resolution of environmental liabilities, litigation and other contingencies, anticipated future operating and financial performance, business plans and prospects, that are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events which may not be accurate or realized. Forward-looking statements also involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond Chemours' control. Additionally, there may be other risks and uncertainties that Chemours is unable to identify at this time or that Chemours does not currently expect to have a material impact on its business. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include whether the offering is completed and other risks, uncertainties and other factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. Chemours assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement for any reason, except as required by law. CONTACT MEDIA Alvenia Scarborough Director, Brand Marketing and Corporate Communications +1.302.773.4507 media@chemours.com   INVESTORS Alisha Bellezza Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations +1.302.773.2263 investor@chemours.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-chemours-company-announces-pricing-of-500000000-of-senior-notes-due-2027-300454731.html SOURCE The Chemours Company Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References CC +0.46 +1.14% Most Popular Yelp plummets as advertisers revolt Dying man claims he just borrowed $325K to go all-in on bitcoin amid record highs More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Rushing to pay back a large student loan? You may want to think again Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Chemours Co. U.S.: NYSE: CC $40.72 +0.46 (+1.14%) Volume 1.4M Open $40.30 High $40.99 Low $40.18 P/E Ratio 75.41 Div Yield 0.29 Market Cap 7.4B Chemours Co. U.S.: NYSE: CC $40.72 +0.46 (+1.14%) Volume 1.4M Open $40.30 High $40.99 Low $40.18 P/E Ratio 75.41 Div Yield 0.29 Market Cap 7.4B
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi The Chemours Company Announces Pricing of $500,000,000 of Senior Notes Due 2027 News provided by The Chemours Company 09 May, 2017, 17:22 ET Share this article WILMINGTON, Del., May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Chemours Company (Chemours) (NYSE: CC), a global chemistry company with leading market positions in titanium technologies, fluoroproducts and chemical solutions, today, announced the pricing of the previously announced registered underwritten public offering (the "offering") of $500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due 2027 at a public offering price of 99.051% of the principal amount. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and TD Securities (USA) LLC are acting as joint-book running managers for the offering. HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., Mizuho Securities USA Inc. and RBC Capital Markets LLC are acting as co-managers for the offering. The offering is being made by means of a prospectus supplement. Chemours has filed a shelf registration statement (including a prospectus) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for the offering to which this communication relates. You may review these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC's website, at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, these documents may be obtained from Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC by calling toll-free at 1-800-221-1037, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at 1-212-834-4533, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll-free at 1-800-831-9146, Barclays Capital Inc. toll-free at 1-888-603-5847 and TD Securities (USA) LLC toll-free at 1-855-495-9846. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Such an offer can only be made by delivery of a prospectus and prospectus supplement, if applicable, that have been filed with the SEC. About The Chemours Company The Chemours Company (NYSE: CC) helps create a colorful, capable and cleaner world through the power of chemistry.  Chemours is a global leader in titanium technologies, fluoroproducts and chemical solutions, providing its customers with solutions in a wide range of industries with market-defining products, application expertise and chemistry-based innovations.  Chemours ingredients are found in plastics and coatings, refrigeration and air conditioning, mining and general industrial manufacturing.  Our flagship products include prominent brands such as Teflon™, Ti-Pure™, Krytox™, Viton™, Opteon™, Freon™ and Nafion™.  Chemours has approximately 7,000 employees and 26 manufacturing sites serving approximately 4,000 customers in North America, Latin America, Asia-Pacific and Europe.  Chemours is headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware and is listed on the NYSE under the symbol CC.  For more information please visit chemours.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the federal securities laws, that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. The words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "plan," "estimate," "target," "project" and similar expressions, among others, generally identify "forward-looking statements," which speak only as of the date the statements were made. These forward-looking statements address, among other things, the offering, our agreement with DuPont relating to the MDL Settlement, resolution of environmental liabilities, litigation and other contingencies, anticipated future operating and financial performance, business plans and prospects, that are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events which may not be accurate or realized. Forward-looking statements also involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond Chemours' control. Additionally, there may be other risks and uncertainties that Chemours is unable to identify at this time or that Chemours does not currently expect to have a material impact on its business. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include whether the offering is completed and other risks, uncertainties and other factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. Chemours assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement for any reason, except as required by law. CONTACT MEDIA Alvenia Scarborough Director, Brand Marketing and Corporate Communications +1.302.773.4507 media@chemours.com  INVESTORS Alisha Bellezza Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations +1.302.773.2263 investor@chemours.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-chemours-company-announces-pricing-of-500000000-of-senior-notes-due-2027-300454731.html SOURCE The Chemours Company Related Links http://www.chemours.com 09 May, 2017, 07:59 ET Preview: The Chemours Company Announces Offering of $500,000,000 of Senior Notes Due 2027 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 01 May, 2017, 18:17 ET The Chemours Company Announces Offering of $500,000,000 of Senior... 01 May, 2017, 18:17 ET The Chemours Company Reports First Quarter 2017 Results;... Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services Chemical Stock Offering You just read: The Chemours Company Announces Pricing of $500,000,000 of Senior Notes Due 2027 News provided by The Chemours Company 09 May, 2017, 17:22 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cadence Bancorp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cadence Bancorp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News KAR Auction Services Inc (KAR) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Texas Capital Bancshares Inc (TCBI) Upgraded to “Outperform” at Wedbush Yext Inc (YEXT) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies Cadence Bancorp (CADE) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) Upgraded to Buy by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Tocagen Inc (TOCA) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Leerink Swann Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. Continues to Hold Position in Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Aspen Investment Management Inc Decreases Stake in Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Texas Yale Capital Corp. Acquires Shares of 2,000 SVB Financial Group (SIVB) Texas Yale Capital Corp. Acquires Shares of 15,000 Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Texas Yale Capital Corp. Raises Position in Sunoco LP (SUN) Textron Inc. (TXT) Position Raised by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Increases Stake in Perrigo Company plc (PRGO) Tutor Perini Corp (TPC) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Targa Resources Corp (TRGP) Given News Impact Score of 0.23 Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Trustmark Corp (TRMK) Share Price Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect TOR Minerals International (TORM) Stock Price Tootsie Roll Industries (TR) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research NutriSystem’s (NTRI) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at DA Davidson Cadence Bancorp (CADE) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Cadence Bancorp (NASDAQ:CADE) in a research note published on Monday. The brokerage issued an overweight rating and a $26.00 price target on the stock. Separately, Goldman Sachs Group Inc initiated coverage on Cadence Bancorp in a research report on Monday. They issued a neutral rating and a $24.00 price target on the stock. Shares of Cadence Bancorp (NASDAQ:CADE) traded down 0.59% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $21.99. 89,425 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $22.54 and a 200-day moving average price of $22.54. Cadence Bancorp has a 1-year low of $21.91 and a 1-year high of $23.20. The company has a market capitalization of $1.84 billion and a P/E ratio of 25.28. Cadence Bancorp (NASDAQ:CADE) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The company reported $0.35 EPS for the quarter. The business had revenue of $98.86 million during the quarter. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Cadence Bancorp (CADE) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/cadence-bancorp-cade-coverage-initiated-by-analysts-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Cadence Bancorp Cadence Bancorporation is a bank holding company. The Company is focused on middle-market commercial lending, complemented by retail banking and wealth management services, and provides a broad range of banking services to businesses, individuals and business owners. It operates through three segments: Banking, Financial Services and Corporate. Receive News & Ratings for Cadence Bancorp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cadence Bancorp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman The Chemours Company Announces Pricing of $500,000,000 of Senior Notes Due 2027 WILMINGTON, Del., May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Chemours Company (Chemours) (NYSE: CC), a global chemistry company with leading market positions in titanium technologies, fluoroproducts and chemical solutions, today, announced the pricing of the previously announced registered underwritten public offering (the "offering") of $500,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due 2027 at a public offering price of 99.051% of the principal amount. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and TD Securities (USA) LLC are acting as joint-book running managers for the offering. HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., Mizuho Securities USA Inc. and RBC Capital Markets LLC are acting as co-managers for the offering. The offering is being made by means of a prospectus supplement. Chemours has filed a shelf registration statement (including a prospectus) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for the offering to which this communication relates. You may review these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC's website, at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, these documents may be obtained from Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC by calling toll-free at 1-800-221-1037, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at 1-212-834-4533, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll-free at 1-800-831-9146, Barclays Capital Inc. toll-free at 1-888-603-5847 and TD Securities (USA) LLC toll-free at 1-855-495-9846. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Such an offer can only be made by delivery of a prospectus and prospectus supplement, if applicable, that have been filed with the SEC. About The Chemours Company The Chemours Company (NYSE: CC) helps create a colorful, capable and cleaner world through the power of chemistry.  Chemours is a global leader in titanium technologies, fluoroproducts and chemical solutions, providing its customers with solutions in a wide range of industries with market-defining products, application expertise and chemistry-based innovations.  Chemours ingredients are found in plastics and coatings, refrigeration and air conditioning, mining and general industrial manufacturing.  Our flagship products include prominent brands such as Teflon™, Ti-Pure™, Krytox™, Viton™, Opteon™, Freon™ and Nafion™.  Chemours has approximately 7,000 employees and 26 manufacturing sites serving approximately 4,000 customers in North America, Latin America, Asia-Pacific and Europe.  Chemours is headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware and is listed on the NYSE under the symbol CC.  For more information please visit chemours.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the federal securities laws, that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. The words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "plan," "estimate," "target," "project" and similar expressions, among others, generally identify "forward-looking statements," which speak only as of the date the statements were made. These forward-looking statements address, among other things, the offering, our agreement with DuPont relating to the MDL Settlement, resolution of environmental liabilities, litigation and other contingencies, anticipated future operating and financial performance, business plans and prospects, that are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events which may not be accurate or realized. Forward-looking statements also involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond Chemours' control. Additionally, there may be other risks and uncertainties that Chemours is unable to identify at this time or that Chemours does not currently expect to have a material impact on its business. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include whether the offering is completed and other risks, uncertainties and other factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. Chemours assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement for any reason, except as required by law. CONTACT MEDIA Alvenia Scarborough Director, Brand Marketing and Corporate Communications +1.302.773.4507 media@chemours.com  INVESTORS Alisha Bellezza Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations +1.302.773.2263 investor@chemours.com SOURCE The Chemours Company CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Chemical, Offerings Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vidih Introduces Easy, Powerful iOS Screen Recording and Live Streaming Without Breaking Apple Rules Next PostNext Javelin Technologies celebrates 20th anniversary with software donations to 3D designers: from students to start-ups Search Recent Posts Latest Ships Exhaust Gas Market Report – Global Industry Analysis, Development, Scope, Share, Trends, Forecast to 2021 Global Nano Sensors Market Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Worldwide Residential Wine Cabinets Market: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility & Trends 2021 What are the major insights of Two-Dimensional Ultrasound Array Transducer Market? Tourism and Hotel Industry in Cuba: Analysis of Growth, Trends and Progress RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Loews Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Loews Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wellington Shields Capital Management LLC Has $772,000 Stake in Mylan (MYL) Point View Wealth Management Inc. Has $518,000 Position in Loews Co. (L) Ingredion Inc (INGR) Position Increased by Point View Wealth Management Inc. Elkfork Partners LLC Increases Position in NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Elkfork Partners LLC Has $1.632 Million Position in Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Elkfork Partners LLC Acquires 506 Shares of AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Zacks: Brokerages Expect Tempur Sealy International Inc (TPX) Will Announce Earnings of $0.42 Per Share Old Dominion Freight Line (ODFL) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $813.4 Million HSN, Inc. (HSNI) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.58 Per Share Inter Parfums, Inc. (IPAR) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Jeld-Wen Holding Inc (JELD) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Cott Co. (COT) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Cabelas Inc (CAB) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Impact Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Share Price Urstadt Biddle Properties (UBA) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.03 CV Holdings Inc (CBF) Downgraded by Brean Capital to “Hold” Pearson plc (PSON) Price Target Increased to GBX 830 by Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Smith & Nephew plc (SN) Given “Hold” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Pearson plc (PSON) Given New GBX 900 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Buys New Stake in Incyte Co. (INCY) Point View Wealth Management Inc. Has $518,000 Position in Loews Co. (L) May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Point View Wealth Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Loews Co. (NYSE:L) by 20.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 11,072 shares of the insurance provider’s stock after buying an additional 1,854 shares during the period. Point View Wealth Management Inc.’s holdings in Loews were worth $518,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its stake in Loews by 3.2% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 24,508,690 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $1,008,533,000 after buying an additional 769,462 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Loews by 1.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 19,615,252 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $807,168,000 after buying an additional 234,784 shares during the period. State Street Corp increased its stake in Loews by 10.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 12,913,138 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $604,719,000 after buying an additional 1,251,493 shares during the period. Norges Bank bought a new stake in Loews during the fourth quarter valued at about $533,915,000. Finally, Boston Partners increased its stake in Loews by 5.0% in the first quarter. Boston Partners now owns 8,223,810 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $384,628,000 after buying an additional 391,579 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 58.05% of the company’s stock. Shares of Loews Co. (NYSE:L) traded down 0.92% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $46.33. The company had a trading volume of 867,000 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $46.76 and its 200 day moving average is $45.86. Loews Co. has a 12 month low of $38.17 and a 12 month high of $48.05. The company has a market capitalization of $15.60 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.53 and a beta of 0.73. Loews (NYSE:L) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The insurance provider reported $0.87 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.66 by $0.21. Loews had a return on equity of 3.88% and a net margin of 4.82%. The business had revenue of $3.30 billion during the quarter. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.30 EPS. On average, equities research analysts predict that Loews Co. will post $3.14 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 13th. Investors of record on Wednesday, May 31st will be issued a dividend of $0.0625 per share. This represents a $0.25 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.54%. Loews’s payout ratio is currently 13.37%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/point-view-wealth-management-inc-has-518000-position-in-loews-co-l.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research downgraded Loews from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Loews Company Profile Loews Corporation is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in commercial property and casualty insurance; operation of offshore oil and gas drilling rigs; transportation and storage of natural gas and natural gas liquids, and operation of a chain of hotels. The Company has five segments consisted of its four individual operating subsidiaries, CNA Financial Corporation (CNA), Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc (Diamond Offshore), Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP (Boardwalk Pipeline) and Loews Hotels Holding Corporation (Loews Hotels), and the Corporate segment. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding L? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Loews Co. (NYSE:L). Receive News & Ratings for Loews Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Loews Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe An Emerging-Markets Rally Belies Worrying Economic Fundamentals by Camila Russo @CamiRusso More stories by Camila Russo May 9, 2017, 2:38 PM EDT Debt, budget balances and current accounts raise red flags Developing nations’ total debt to GDP is highest since 2004 Emerging-market bulls from UBS Asset Management to JPMorgan Asset Management often say that developing-nation economies are solid enough that they can handle rising rates in the U.S. But there’s plenty of data to contradict that sentiment. A look at external debt, budget balances, current-account figures and foreign-currency reserves for the 10 biggest emerging markets for which there was historical data (Saudi Arabia and Nigeria were excluded) paints a worrying picture. Of those measures, reserves is the only one that’s markedly improving, while the rest raise red flags. Total debt to GDP is also climbing: EM budget balances don’t look any better: Current account balances offer a rosier, though not stellar, picture: The data in the charts includes countries in Latin America, Asia and Europe. China is in there, but the trends in the graphs are the same without it. Of course, bulls also cite other reasons for their argument, such as valuations relative to the U.S. and prospects of faster global growth, and the picture for some individual nations will be prettier than others. But the economic data are a reminder of the dangers of trading emerging markets as an asset class, instead of focusing on specific countries. * NOTE: Camila Russo writes for Bloomberg’s Markets Live blog and some of this content appeared at MLIV first. The observations she makes are her own and are not intended as investment advice. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next Where to Invest $10,000 Right Now Most Read This Is the Five-Word Message That Got a Citigroup Trader Fired The Kushner Project Touted in China Is in Trouble at Home Trump Preparing Certified Letter Attesting to No Russia Ties A Map Like This Persuaded Trump to Save Nafta, For Now Here’s What Some of the World’s Top Money Managers Are Betting On Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest JPMorgan tells banks to partner up as deposit drain looms Ohio banks team up to form fintech accelerator Chase launches mortgage-credit card cross promotion Wells Fargo said to explore sale of insurance brokerage unit Bank M&A's super shoppers search goes here JPMorgan tells banks to partner up as deposit drain looms Published May 09 2017, 4:00pm EDT More in Consolidations M&A Deposits JPMorgan Chase Print Email Share Share on JPMorgan Chase has some advice for regional banks: A deposit drain is coming, so merge while you can. The company's investment bankers are warning depository clients that they may begin feeling the crunch in December, thanks to a byproduct of how the U.S. Federal Reserve propped up the economy after the financial crisis, according to a copy of a confidential presentation obtained by Bloomberg News and confirmed by a JPMorgan spokesman. JPMorgan argues that some midsize U.S. banks -- those with $50 billion in assets or less -- could face a funding problem in coming years as the Fed goes about shrinking its massive balance sheet, according to the 19-page report the New York-based bank has begun sharing with clients. The Fed's bond-buying spree from 2009 to 2014, dubbed quantitative easing, inadvertently left the industry flush with deposits. Investors took money they got selling mortgage-backed bonds and Treasury securities to the Fed and parked it in U.S. retail and commercial bank accounts. Bloomberg News This created some $2.5 trillion in excess bank deposits, according to JPMorgan. It estimates that 60 percent, or $1.5 trillion, of that money will trickle out of banks in the next four to five years if the Fed follows through with recent guidance and begins reversing quantitative easing in December. The Fed is currently holding about $4.5 trillion of securities. The way it will get rid of them is by letting them mature and not buying new ones. JPMorgan's presentation, titled "Core Deposits Strike Back" illustrates how this process will sap bank deposits using the example of a couple who pays off a mortgage that was bundled with other mortgages and sold to the Fed. Right now, when that couple takes that money out of their bank account for that payment, the Fed uses that cash to buy another mortgage bond, recycling it back into the banking system. A "deposit is destroyed" if the "Fed does not reinvest," the presentation states.JPMorgan estimates that a quantitative easing-related deposit-drain could result in loan growth lagging deposit growth by $200 billion to $300 billion a year. That could be particularly problematic for banks that rely on deposit products that tend to roll over swiftly, such as brokered accounts bought from third parties, large commercial banking accounts and high-interest savings accounts for wealthy customers. It may also set off a dash for retail deposits, a classification that includes bread-and-butter checking accounts, which banks love because they are especially cheap and stable. Midsize banks will have an especially hard time growing retail deposits by ramping up advertising and investing in branches, according to JPMorgan's presentation. That's because they lack the marketing muscle of mega banks such as JPMorgan itself, as well as Wells Fargo & Co., Citigroup Inc., and Bank of America Corp. JPMorgan, like some other banks, offers depositors cash incentives for opening new checking and savings accounts with five-figure balances. About 42 percent, or $1.6 trillion, of the new deposits that U.S. banks have amassed since late 2009 have gone to lenders with at least $1 trillion in assets, according to data JPMorgan compiled from regulatory filings and SNL Financial. "Large banks are making sizable investments in brand, customer acquisition and technology leading to market share gains," according to the report. Since big banks have the wherewithal to hold onto those gains, smaller ones may have to consider selling or buying rivals to bulk up on retail deposits, JPMorgan argues. "The need for retail deposits to fund loan growth, the challenge of organically originating new relationships and the scale required to support technology and brand investments will drive consolidation," the report states. A looming push for retail customers may already be spurring dealmaking, JPMorgan says, noting that a handful of bank mergers have involved targets with heavy concentrations of deposits purchased from brokers or acquired through listing services such as QwickRate, both of which are more expensive funding sources than retail accounts. The examples include BNC Bancorp's $2 billion sale to Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. and PrivateBancorp Inc.'s roughly $5 billion agreement to sell to Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce. The median for deposits in the form of brokered and listing-service accounts for U.S. banks with at lease $1 billion in assets was 2.5 percent at the end of 2016, according to data from SNL Financial. Those types of funds accounted for more than 20 percent of deposits at BNC Bancorp and PrivateBancorp, according to regulatory filings. Deposit needs factored into both banks decision' to seek a partner. Selling to Pinnacle is "an excellent opportunity to really drive some really, serious, dynamic deposit growth to fund this machine over the next several years," BNC Bancorp Chief Executive Officer Richard Callicutt said in a conference call with analysts in January. PrivateBancorp urged investors to vote in favor of its deal with CIBC in a shareholder presentation last month to help "address standalone funding constraints" by giving it access to a large retail deposit base. Selling to CIBC will help PrivateBancorp when interest rates rise, Terry McEvoy, a Stephens Inc. bank analyst, said Monday in a research note to clients. "We have long felt the company needed to improve their funding base to support loan growth," McEvoy said in the note. "To do so on a standalone basis would be expensive and difficult." Proxy firm Institutional Shareholders Services Inc. has advised PrivateBancorp stockholders to reject the deal because it undervalues the Chicago-based lender. A shareholder vote is schedule for Friday. Bloomberg News Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Glencore PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costain Group PLC (COST) Price Target Increased to GBX 500 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Glencore PLC (GLEN) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Baidu Inc (BIDU) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Downgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Centurylink Inc (CTL) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Strong-Buy” Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) Lowered to “Sell” at Vetr Inc. Centurylink Inc (CTL) Shares Bought by Girard Partners LTD. Girard Partners LTD. Has $320,000 Position in Sempra Energy (SRE) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) The Western Union Company (WU) Shares Bought by TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO Sells 878 Shares of Sempra Energy (SRE) Capital Fund Management S.A. Has $4.501 Million Stake in Big Lots, Inc. (BIG) Equity Residential (EQR) Shares Bought by AMG National Trust Bank AMG National Trust Bank Reduces Stake in Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Insulet Co. (PODD) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Shares Bought by AMG National Trust Bank Merck KGaA’s (MRK) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Udg Healthcare PLC (UDG) Downgraded to Hold at Berenberg Bank Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €33.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Innogy SE (IGY) Given a €36.50 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag Glencore PLC (GLEN) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed their neutral rating on shares of Glencore PLC (LON:GLEN) in a research report sent to investors on Monday morning, StockTargetPrices.com reports. The firm currently has a GBX 340 ($4.40) target price on the natural resources company’s stock. Other equities analysts have also issued reports about the stock. HSBC Holdings plc lifted their price objective on shares of Glencore PLC from GBX 420 ($5.43) to GBX 435 ($5.63) and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Barclays PLC reissued an overweight rating and set a GBX 390 ($5.04) price objective on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. BNP Paribas reissued an outperform rating and set a GBX 405 ($5.24) price objective on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a hold rating on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, Haitong Bank reissued a sell rating and set a GBX 240 ($3.10) price objective on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Friday, February 10th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Glencore PLC has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 343.65 ($4.44). Glencore PLC (LON:GLEN) traded up 2.27% on Monday, hitting GBX 290.90. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 44,422,573 shares. Glencore PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 124.55 and a 12 month high of GBX 347.00. The firm’s market cap is GBX 41.45 billion. The firm has a 50 day moving average of GBX 308.97 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 298.55. WARNING: “Glencore PLC (GLEN) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/glencore-plc-glen-receives-neutral-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, September 26th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, September 7th will be issued a €0.04 ($0.04) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, September 7th. This represents a dividend yield of 0.84%. Glencore PLC Company Profile Glencore plc is an integrated producer and marketer of commodities, such as metals and minerals, energy products, agricultural products and Corporate and other. The Metals and minerals segment is engaged in copper, zinc/lead, nickel, ferroalloys, alumina/aluminum and iron ore production and marketing. Receive News & Ratings for Glencore PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BBA Aviation plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BBA Aviation plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BBA Aviation plc (BBA) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Costain Group PLC (COST) Price Target Increased to GBX 500 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Glencore PLC (GLEN) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Baidu Inc (BIDU) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Downgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Centurylink Inc (CTL) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Strong-Buy” Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) Lowered to “Sell” at Vetr Inc. Centurylink Inc (CTL) Shares Bought by Girard Partners LTD. Girard Partners LTD. Has $320,000 Position in Sempra Energy (SRE) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) The Western Union Company (WU) Shares Bought by TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO Sells 878 Shares of Sempra Energy (SRE) Capital Fund Management S.A. Has $4.501 Million Stake in Big Lots, Inc. (BIG) Equity Residential (EQR) Shares Bought by AMG National Trust Bank AMG National Trust Bank Reduces Stake in Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Insulet Co. (PODD) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Shares Bought by AMG National Trust Bank Merck KGaA’s (MRK) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Udg Healthcare PLC (UDG) Downgraded to Hold at Berenberg Bank Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €33.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts BBA Aviation plc (BBA) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated their overweight rating on shares of BBA Aviation plc (LON:BBA) in a research note released on Monday morning. They currently have a GBX 347 ($4.49) price objective on the stock. A number of other equities analysts also recently weighed in on the company. Liberum Capital upgraded BBA Aviation plc to a hold rating and upped their target price for the company from GBX 270 ($3.49) to GBX 325 ($4.20) in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Citigroup Inc downgraded BBA Aviation plc to a neutral rating and set a GBX 330 ($4.27) target price on the stock. in a report on Monday. Barclays PLC reiterated an overweight rating and issued a GBX 340 ($4.40) target price on shares of BBA Aviation plc in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC upped their target price on BBA Aviation plc from GBX 295 ($3.82) to GBX 340 ($4.40) and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. BBA Aviation plc presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 303 ($3.92). Shares of BBA Aviation plc (LON:BBA) traded up 0.77% during midday trading on Monday, hitting GBX 302.00. 2,334,663 shares of the stock were exchanged. BBA Aviation plc has a one year low of GBX 186.00 and a one year high of GBX 317.10. The stock’s market cap is GBX 3.10 billion. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 307.57 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 286.15. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “BBA Aviation plc (BBA) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/bba-aviation-plc-bba-receives-overweight-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a €0.09 ($0.10) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a dividend yield of 2.42%. In other news, insider Simon Pryce sold 650,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 310 ($4.01), for a total value of £2,015,000 ($2,606,052.77). BBA Aviation plc Company Profile BBA Aviation plc is a provider of global aviation support and aftermarket services primarily focused on servicing the Business and General Aviation (B&GA) market. The Company operates through two divisions: Flight Support and Aftermarket Services. The Flight Support businesses include Signature Flight Support, which is a fixed base operation (FBO) network for B&GA covering destinations in North America, Europe, Caribbean, Africa and Asia. Receive News & Ratings for BBA Aviation plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BBA Aviation plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck KGaA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck KGaA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Merck KGaA’s (MRK) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Udg Healthcare PLC (UDG) Downgraded to Hold at Berenberg Bank Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €33.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Innogy SE (IGY) Given a €36.50 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag Daimler AG’s (DAI) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Wizz Air Holdings PLC’s (WIZZ) Equal Weight Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Innogy SE (IGY) Given a €32.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Merck KGaA (MRK) Given a €125.00 Price Target at Credit Suisse Group AG RWE AG (RWE) Given a €20.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Cia Energetica de Minas Gerais CEMIG-ADR (CIG) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.19 Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Affect CF Industries Holdings (CF) Stock Price Colfax Corp (CFX) Getting Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Unlikely to Impact City Office REIT (CIO) Share Price Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Affect Charter Financial Corp (CHFN) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect Chunghwa Telecom Co. (CHT) Share Price TheStreet Downgrades AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) to D+ Cedar Realty Trust Inc (CDR) Stock Rating Upgraded by TheStreet RTI Surgical Inc (RTIX) Stock Rating Upgraded by TheStreet World Fuel Services Corp (INT) Stock Rating Lowered by TheStreet Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Given a €3.00 Price Target at S&P Global Merck KGaA’s (MRK) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their neutral rating on shares of Merck KGaA (FRA:MRK) in a research report released on Monday. A number of other equities research analysts also recently commented on MRK. Commerzbank Ag set a €101.00 ($109.78) target price on Merck KGaA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Citigroup Inc set a €116.00 ($126.09) price objective on Merck KGaA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €105.00 ($114.13) price objective on Merck KGaA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. DZ Bank AG reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Merck KGaA in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a €118.00 ($128.26) price objective on Merck KGaA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Monday, February 20th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of €107.55 ($116.90). Shares of Merck KGaA (FRA:MRK) traded up 1.40% during trading on Monday, reaching €111.70. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,329 shares. The company has a market capitalization of €48.56 billion and a PE ratio of 29.81. Merck KGaA has a 1-year low of €79.64 and a 1-year high of €111.78. The stock has a 50 day moving average of €105.73 and a 200-day moving average of €100.67. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/merck-kgaas-mrk-neutral-rating-reaffirmed-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Merck KGaA . Receive News & Ratings for Merck KGaA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck KGaA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BCE Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BCE Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BCE Inc. (BCE) Price Target Raised to C$66.00 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Pembina Pipeline Corp (PPL) Price Target Increased to C$52.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) Position Increased by Daiwa Securities Group Inc. DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Has $5.915 Million Stake in Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Whirlpool Co. (WHR) Shares Bought by Tower Bridge Advisors Eversource Energy (ES) Stake Held by Moody Lynn & Lieberson LLC Daiwa Securities Group Inc. Has $2.808 Million Position in Equifax Inc. (EFX) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Increases Position in Lear Co. (LEA) AutoZone, Inc. (AZO) Shares Sold by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Boosts Stake in Amphenol Co. (APH) Dean Foods Co (DF) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.04 EPS Lumos Networks Corp (LMOS) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.38 EPS Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Expected to Post Earnings of -$1.71 Per Share $2.03 Billion in Sales Expected for Anixter International Inc. (AXE) This Quarter $0.94 EPS Expected for Kellogg Company (K) This Quarter Imperva Inc (IMPV) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $73.4 Million Analysts Anticipate Coherent, Inc. (COHR) Will Announce Earnings of $2.55 Per Share Cheniere Energy Partners LP (CQP) Downgraded by TheStreet to C+ Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) Lifted to “B” at TheStreet Avis Budget Group Inc. (CAR) Upgraded to “Outperform” by Raymond James Financial, Inc. BCE Inc. (BCE) Price Target Raised to C$66.00 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - CA - Finance Tweet BCE Inc. (TSE:BCE) (NYSE:BCE) had its price objective increased by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from C$64.00 to C$66.00 in a research note published on Monday morning. Other research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. National Bank Financial upped their price target on BCE from C$59.00 to C$61.00 in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Scotiabank reaffirmed a sector perform rating and set a C$61.00 price target on shares of BCE in a report on Thursday, April 27th. TD Securities reaffirmed a hold rating and set a C$59.00 price target on shares of BCE in a report on Monday, March 20th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an overweight rating on shares of BCE in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada upped their price target on BCE from C$60.00 to C$61.00 and gave the company a sector perform rating in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of C$62.23. Shares of BCE (TSE:BCE) traded down 0.85% during trading on Monday, reaching $61.78. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 738,144 shares. The firm has a market cap of $55.57 billion and a P/E ratio of 18.78. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $60.43 and its 200 day moving average is $58.91. BCE has a one year low of $56.80 and a one year high of $63.40. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “BCE Inc. (BCE) Price Target Raised to C$66.00 at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/bce-inc-bce-price-target-raised-to-c66-00-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other BCE news, Director Charles Brown sold 81,807 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of C$57.99, for a total value of C$4,743,987.93. Also, Director Thomas (Tom) Little sold 10,523 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of C$58.56, for a total value of C$616,226.88. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 254,371 shares of company stock valued at $15,096,522. About BCE BCE Inc is a communications company. The Company’s segments include Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media. Its Bell Wireless segment provides wireless voice and data communications products and services to its residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise customers across Canada. Receive News & Ratings for BCE Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BCE Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Facebook Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Facebook Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Given a $12.00 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Nantkwest Inc (NK) Given a $4.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Kinsale Capital Group Inc (KNSL) Given Buy Rating at SunTrust Banks, Inc. Baidu Inc (BIDU) Raised to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Mediwound Ltd (MDWD) Given a $10.00 Price Target by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Facebook Inc (FB) Price Target to $182.00 Pacific Crest Reaffirms “Overweight” Rating for Facebook Inc (FB) Triple-S Management Corp. (GTS) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.29 EPS GlycoMimetics Inc (GLYC) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS $0.65 EPS Expected for Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (BBBY) This Quarter $2.02 Billion in Sales Expected for Foot Locker, Inc. (FL) This Quarter MGM Resorts International (MGM) Director Sells $27,236.00 in Stock Flinton Capital Management LLC Has $1.222 Million Stake in DTE Energy Co (DTE) American Century Companies Inc. Invests $57.433 Million in FMC Corp (FMC) Flinton Capital Management LLC Purchases 38,624 Shares of ONEOK, Inc. (OKE) KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Shares Bought by American Century Companies Inc. Advisors Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA) Shares Bought by American Century Companies Inc. Advisors Asset Management Inc. Increases Stake in Red Hat Inc (RHT) Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Position Raised by American Century Companies Inc. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Facebook Inc (FB) Price Target to $182.00 May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) had its target price hoisted by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $170.00 to $182.00 in a research report sent to investors on Thursday morning. They currently have an overweight rating on the social networking company’s stock. Other research analysts have also issued research reports about the company. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc raised their price objective on Facebook to $180.00 in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Mizuho raised their price objective on Facebook to $148.00 in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Wedbush raised their price objective on Facebook to $175.00 in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Pacific Crest decreased their price objective on Facebook to $150.00 in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG raised their price objective on Facebook to $155.00 in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating, forty-one have issued a buy rating and three have given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $163.84. Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) traded down 0.2401% during trading on Thursday, hitting $150.6973. 5,983,419 shares of the stock traded hands. Facebook has a 52-week low of $108.23 and a 52-week high of $153.60. The stock has a market cap of $436.75 billion, a P/E ratio of 38.3161 and a beta of 0.68. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $143.47 and a 200-day moving average price of $131.03. Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The social networking company reported $1.04 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.88 by $0.16. Facebook had a return on equity of 19.05% and a net margin of 34.33%. The firm had revenue of $8.03 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $7.83 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.77 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 49.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that Facebook will post $4.92 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Facebook Inc (FB) Price Target to $182.00” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/jpmorgan-chase-co-raises-facebook-inc-fb-price-target-to-182-00.html. In related news, CEO Mark Zuckerberg sold 386,116 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $135.97, for a total transaction of $52,500,192.52. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, VP Colin Stretch sold 750 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $141.39, for a total value of $106,042.50. Following the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 84,330 shares in the company, valued at approximately $11,923,418.70. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 9,227,375 shares of company stock worth $1,321,450,461 in the last ninety days. 19.08% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. HCR Wealth Advisors purchased a new stake in Facebook during the fourth quarter valued at $3,091,000. Nwam LLC raised its stake in Facebook by 31.6% in the third quarter. Nwam LLC now owns 18,678 shares of the social networking company’s stock valued at $2,396,000 after buying an additional 4,481 shares during the period. GSA Capital Partners LLP raised its stake in Facebook by 3,206.5% in the fourth quarter. GSA Capital Partners LLP now owns 67,287 shares of the social networking company’s stock valued at $7,741,000 after buying an additional 65,252 shares during the period. Aviva PLC raised its stake in Facebook by 7.6% in the fourth quarter. Aviva PLC now owns 1,638,062 shares of the social networking company’s stock valued at $188,606,000 after buying an additional 115,558 shares during the period. Finally, Amtrust Financial Services Inc. purchased a new stake in Facebook during the fourth quarter valued at $1,420,000. 57.00% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Facebook Facebook, Inc is focused on building products that enable people to connect and share through mobile devices, personal computers and other surfaces. The Company’s products include Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, WhatsApp and Oculus. Facebook enables people to connect, share, discover and communicate with each other on mobile devices and personal computers. Receive News & Ratings for Facebook Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Facebook Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In JPMorgan Bankers Are Preaching to the Choir By Gillian Tan Photographer: Chip Somodevilla//Getty Images Finance Gillian Tan Gillian Tan is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals and private equity. She previously was a reporter for the Wall Street Journal. She is a qualified chartered accountant. Follow @GillianTan Facebook Twitter Email Print Share May 9, 2017 12:49 PM EDT INVESTORS BANCORP INC +0.17 At Closing, May 9th 13.81 USD JPMORGAN CHASE & CO -0.35 At Closing, May 9th 86.75 USD JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon has been saying for a while now that there are too many banks. It appears that message has filtered through the ranks.  Investment bankers at the New York lender are urging their U.S. regional bank clients to consider mergers as a way to stave off a pending deposit drain caused by changes in monetary policy, Bloomberg News reported late Monday. They make a valid point: the Federal Reserve's reversal of quantitative easing could indeed decrease deposits -- and smaller lenders may feel more of the pinch because their funding costs are higher than at the biggest banks, making it harder for them to compete for new deposits.  Size Does Matter Large banks, which have been growing their deposit bases faster than smaller banks, also have the lowest deposit costs Source: SNL Financial (now part of S&P Global Market Intelligence) *As at June 30, 2016 But U.S. regional banks are already well aware of the need to consolidate. Management teams at lenders across the country have long considered deals as a way to expand market share in certain geographies, facilitate cost savings or simply drive growth and improve profitability. That's been even more the case lately, with many banks propelled into action ahead of potential tax reform and loosening financial regulations. Slowly Climbing The average U.S. bank deal size is slowly but surely climbing, and that trend should continue if regulation is relaxed further Source: Sandler O'Neill via FactSet, Evercore ISI, SNL Financial (now part of S&P Global Market Intelligence), company data *Deals with target assets over $500 million; as of May 2017 Already this year, we've witnessed almost one deal announced per week, and are on pace for the biggest number of U.S. bank mergers since 2014: Breakthrough? U.S. regional banks are on track to strike the most deals since 2014, and further consolidation can be expected Source: Sandler O'Neill via FactSet, Evercore ISI, SNL Financial (now part of S&P Global Market Intelligence), company data *Deals with target assets over $500 million; as of May 2017 Banks are so acutely aware of the need to combine that they're paying the highest prices to do so since the crisis. Acquirers including Memphis, Tennessee-based First Horizon National Corp., Montebello, New York's Sterling Bancorp and Nashville, Tennessee-based Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. agreed to rich takeover valuations to win their targets and were able to do so in part thanks to their own rising valuations, which has armed them with a stronger currency.  Paying the Price The average valuation of bank deals has climbed to its highest level in a decade, underscoring a willingness from buyers to dig deep to facilitate consolidation Source: Sandler O'Neill via FactSet, Evercore ISI, SNL Financial (now part of S&P Global Market Intelligence), company data *Deals with target assets over $500 million; as of May 2017 As I've written, the Federal Reserve has already taken one step toward relaxing the regulatory burden for some regional banks mulling combinations. In March, it said acquisitions involving less than $10 billion of assets or deals that create lenders with less than $100 billion in assets do "not raise material financial stability concerns," an increase from $2 billion and $25 billion, respectively.  That burden could be lightened further, especially if President Donald Trump's picks for leadership posts at key banking regulators such as the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency are more lenient than their predecessors. For instance, the pace of dealmaking will likely surge if -- under the guidance of the new Trump-selected appointees-- agencies signal that they'll approve transactions even if acquirers have various consent orders or flaws with their anti-money laundering and Bank Secrecy Act programs that currently restrict them from striking deals.  One example of a sidelined participant is Investors Bancorp., a $4.3 billion New Jersey lender which was touted by Blue Harbour Group founder Cliff Robbins at Monday's Sohn Investment Conference as an acquisition candidate itself. What he failed to mention was the fact that lackluster Bank Secrecy Act conformance landed the bank in what its Chief Operating Officer Domenick Cama described as "BSA jail" on an earnings call last month.  Rather than being a takeover target itself, Cama actually said the lender would eye acquisitions once it escaped from that jail. Whichever way the penny falls, Investors Bancorp is just one of a multitude of regional banks to realize that if they want to stay in the game, bigger is most definitely better. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Gillian Tan in New York at gtan129@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net The Secret of NIM The Secret of NIM Net interest margins at Australia's big four banks aren't that high in relation to many of their U.S. and European peers Source: Bloomberg crisis barrier This Levy Won't Break the Banks Finance David Fickling Waiting Waiting Sales for both smartphone chipmakers have been slowing, or declining, as the industry looks for something new to spur growth Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Seeking an assistant Talk to Your Air Conditioner, Please Tech Tim Culpan China Evergrande total debt $77.1 billion Evacuation Plan Think China Home Prices Can't Topple? Think Again Real Estate Nisha Gopalan Easy to Please Easy to Please Valeant shares jumped after the company boosted full-year earnings guidance Source: Bloomberg Fig Leaf Valeant Can't Paper Over Its Problems Health Max Nisen Tech Tonic EOG's Appliance Of Science in Shale Energy Liam Denning Lost Decades Lost Decades The U.S. financial sector hasn't moved much since Glass-Steagall was repealed in 1999 Source: Bloomberg Point of No Return Don't Pine for Glass-Steagall Markets Nir Kaissar Estimated Number of Amazon Echo Owners in the U.S. 10.7 million Crystal Globe Amazon Echo Is a Bet on What Comes Next Tech Shira Ovide Treading Water Treading Water Pentair shares haven't seen significant gains under Trian's watch so far Source: Bloomberg Pent-Up Pentair Sets a Breakup Blueprint Industrials Brooke Sutherland Slowing Down Slowing Down Liberty Global revenue doesn't look as good as it used to Source: Bloomberg Figures adjusted to reflect the Dutch unit being deconsolidated after the Vodafone JV On Liberty Home Sweet Home for the Billionaire Cable Cowboy Media Leila Abboud Keeping Up Keeping Up In sharp contrast with last year, the Nasdaq Biotech Index has outperformed the broader market this year Source: Bloomberg On and Offering Biotech's IPO Window Is Opening Wider Health Max Nisen No Zalando Zoom No Zalando Zoom Even with an increase in the share price, Zalando lags rivals Source: Bloomberg Click and Collect Zalando's Whizzy Website Doesn't Come Cheap Consumer Andrea Felsted Traders' view on the euro neutral Election aftermath Time to Run With the Bulls in Europe Finance Mark Gilbert April's decline in asking prices 1.5% Bubble trouble London's House Price Delusion, in Five Charts Real Estate Elaine He Kospi Index, YTD +13% Don't Dream It's Over Want More Samsung Goodies? Hope Moon Wins Management Andy Mukherjee Crumbling Concrete Crumbling Concrete China's cement production slows to a crawl in the first quarter before surging in the second Source: National Bureau of Statistics of China, Gadfly calculations Note: China hasn't reported January figures since 2006. Government figures for February include the total for January. For illustrative purposes, the January and February figures in the chart each represent 50 percent of the reported February numbers. The exact split between the two months isn't known. the beijing put China's Commodity Bear Trap Commodities David Fickling Merchants accessed by Alipay's latest deal 4 million All systems go Apple Can Thank Alipay for Shopping Tech Tim Culpan Telecom's next big thing 5G Busy Signal Verizon's Shopping List Just Shrank Deals Tara Lachapelle Few Bargains Few Bargains For the past few years -- especially during the height of the merger wave in 2015 -- U.S. acquisition targets have fetched relatively rich prices Source: Bloomberg Note: Pending and completed acquisitions of U.S. companies worth at least $1 billion. Elephant Hunting Why Warren Buffett's Phone Isn't Ringing Deals Tara Lachapelle Facing the Music Facing the Music Quarterly earnings have resulted in large swings in Gigamon's shares, and avoiding public scrutiny could be a reason that spurs management to consider a deal Source: Bloomberg In Play Elliott Sets Up Gigamon for Speed Dating Deals Gillian Tan Change in Apple's Total Debt Since 2013 Zero to $99B Home Economics The Busted Myth of Tax Repatriation Markets Lisa Abramowicz Forever Ever? OPEC's Not-So-Great Beyond Energy Liam Denning Bumpy Ride Bumpy Ride Kate Spade's shares have been rocked up and down in recent years; it sold to Coach for $18.50 a share, in line with its 200-day moving average price Source: Bloomberg Bag of Tricks Coach's Work Doesn't End With Buying Kate Spade Consumer Shelly Banjo Lending Boom Lending Boom Construction lending is up 60 percent in the past year at Bank of the Ozarks Source: Bankregdata.com Short Memory Waters Less Muddy for Bank of the Ozarks Finance Stephen Gandel Consult This Consult This PwC grew its digital services business by 60 percent last year, putting it in more direct competition with advertising agencies Counting Beans A Bunch of Nerds Are Laying Siege to Madison Avenue Media Leila Abboud
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Altisource Portfolio Solutions (ASPS) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.29 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Aramark (ARMK) Share Price A10 Networks (ATEN) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.17 Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact American Axle & Manufact. Holdings (AXL) Share Price BB&T Corp Raises Position in Prudential Financial Inc (PRU) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in Anadarko Petroleum Co. (APC) Deroy & Devereaux Private Investment Counsel Inc. Lowers Stake in Allstate Corp (ALL) Wells Fargo & Company MN Has $68.719 Million Stake in Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) BB&T Corp Reduces Position in Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) SK Telecom Co Ltd (SKM) Shares Bought by BB&T Corp Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc (MTU) Shares Bought by BB&T Corp Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Shares Bought by BB&T Corp Wells Fargo & Company MN Reduces Position in CBOE Holdings, Inc (CBOE) Brink's Company (BCO) Position Boosted by Wells Fargo & Company MN Dollar Tree, Inc. (DLTR) Position Decreased by BB&T Corp Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc (CPS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Q2 2018 EPS Estimates for L Brands Inc Reduced by KeyCorp (LB) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for CBS Co.’s Q1 2018 Earnings (CBS) Q2 2018 Earnings Forecast for Central Garden & Pet Co Issued By SunTrust Banks (CENT) Ares Capital Co. Expected to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.37 Per Share (ARCC) Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact American Axle & Manufact. Holdings (AXL) Share Price May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media coverage about American Axle & Manufact. Holdings (NYSE:AXL) has trended positive this week, according to Alpha One. The research group, a subsidiary of Accern, ranks the sentiment of media coverage by analyzing more than twenty million news and blog sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings earned a news impact score of 0.43 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned news stories about the auto parts company an impact score of 76 out of 100, meaning that recent media coverage is likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the near term. These are some of the news stories that may have effected AlphaOne’s scoring: FBR & Co Research Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL) (americanbankingnews.com) Northcoast Research Research Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL) (americanbankingnews.com) $0.94 EPS Expected for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL) This Quarter (americanbankingnews.com) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL) (americanbankingnews.com) American Axle net income up 28% in first quarter (detroitnews.com) AXL has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. FBR & Co cut shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Citigroup Inc cut shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and upped their target price for the company from $21.00 to $24.00 in a report on Monday, February 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $24.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a $23.00 target price on shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings in a report on Monday. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $20.38. Shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings (NYSE:AXL) traded up 0.531% on Tuesday, reaching $17.985. 365,784 shares of the company were exchanged. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings has a 12-month low of $12.61 and a 12-month high of $21.25. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.38 billion, a PE ratio of 5.525 and a beta of 1.37. The company’s 50 day moving average is $17.70 and its 200 day moving average is $18.26. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings (NYSE:AXL) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday, May 5th. The auto parts company reported $1.03 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.88 by $0.15. The business had revenue of $1.05 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.06 billion. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings had a net margin of 6.10% and a return on equity of 54.01%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.78 earnings per share. Analysts forecast that American Axle & Manufact. Holdings will post $3.36 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/positive-press-coverage-likely-to-impact-american-axle-manufact-holdings-axl-share-price.html. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Company Profile American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc (AAM) manufactures, engineers, designs and validates driveline and drivetrain systems and related components and chassis modules for light trucks, sport utility vehicles, crossover vehicles, passenger cars and commercial vehicles. Its driveline and drivetrain systems include components that transfer power from the transmission and deliver it to the drive wheels. Receive News & Ratings for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lloyds Banking Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sumedh S. Thakar Sells 16,585 Shares of Qualys Inc (QLYS) Stock Zacks: Analysts Expect American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) to Post $0.17 Earnings Per Share Robert W. Baird Reiterates Outperform Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) Sanford C. Bernstein Reaffirms Underperform Rating for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LYG) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Receives Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by BTIG Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Mizuho Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Shares Bought by Wesbanco Bank Inc. Exar (EXAR) Getting Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Report Shows BP plc (BP) Position Reduced by Wesbanco Bank Inc. Edgewater Technology (EDGW) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of -0.39 NMI Holdings (NMIH) Receives News Sentiment Score of -0.26 Gafisa SA (GFA) Receiving Negative News Coverage, Study Finds LiqTech International (LIQT) Receiving Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Whittier Trust Co. Sells 20 Shares of AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Whittier Trust Co. Boosts Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Hamlin Capital Management LLC Acquires 193,842 Shares of Weyerhaeuser Co (WY) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Position Cut by Moloney Securities Asset Management LLC General Dynamics Co. (GD) Shares Sold by KAMES CAPITAL plc Baxter International Inc (BAX) Stake Boosted by First Merchants Corp Sanford C. Bernstein Reaffirms Underperform Rating for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LYG) May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Lloyds Banking Group PLC (NYSE:LYG)‘s stock had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by investment analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. Other analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. HSBC Holdings plc raised shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, February 6th. TheStreet raised shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from a “d+” rating to a “c” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, Macquarie cut shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, April 21st. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $3.50. Shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC (NYSE:LYG) traded down 0.81% on Tuesday, hitting $3.66. The stock had a trading volume of 578,293 shares. Lloyds Banking Group PLC has a 12 month low of $2.47 and a 12 month high of $4.42. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $3.41 and its 200 day moving average price is $3.23. The firm has a market cap of $72.45 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.08 and a beta of 1.17. The company also recently disclosed a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 7th will be issued a $0.0837 dividend. This is a positive change from Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.05. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, April 5th. Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 130.00%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Sanford C. Bernstein Reaffirms Underperform Rating for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LYG)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/sanford-c-bernstein-reaffirms-underperform-rating-for-lloyds-banking-group-plc-lyg.html. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in LYG. Boston Partners purchased a new stake in shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC during the first quarter worth $185,356,000. Mondrian Investment Partners LTD raised its stake in shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC by 42.5% in the first quarter. Mondrian Investment Partners LTD now owns 12,655,206 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $43,028,000 after buying an additional 3,774,868 shares during the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC by 13.5% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 9,067,013 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $28,108,000 after buying an additional 1,076,870 shares during the last quarter. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC raised its stake in shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC by 17.9% in the first quarter. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC now owns 7,843,278 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $26,667,000 after buying an additional 1,188,959 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC by 8.9% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 3,167,070 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $10,768,000 after buying an additional 259,440 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 1.69% of the company’s stock. About Lloyds Banking Group PLC Lloyds Banking Group plc is a provider of financial services to individual and business customers in the United Kingdom. The Company’s main business activities are retail and commercial banking, general insurance, and long-term savings, protection and investment. The Company’s segments are Retail, Commercial Banking, Consumer Finance, Insurance and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Trump shocks with ouster of FBI's Comey Comey firing threatens Senate probe into Trump’s Russia ties Trump pulls from Nixon's playbook The Political Isolation of Jim Comey Schumer calls for special prosecutor, suggests cover-up Is This a Constitutional Crisis? Politico Morning Money Political intelligence on the intersection of Washington and Wall Street Get the Morning Money Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Is tax reform a 2018 (or later?) story? By Ben White and Aubree Eliza Weaver 05/09/17 08:00 AM EDT IS TAX REFORM A 2018 (OR LATER?) STORY? — Lots of gloom descending on Wall Street with the realization that a major tax bill could slide to next year given the number of tasks facing President Trump and the GOP the rest of this year. Health care will dominate the Senate for the next several months. By September, Congress will have to fund the government and raise the debt limit, among other must-pass items. And even if the GOP can get a health care bill done through reconciliation, the GOP will need a 2018 budget resolution as vehicle to do tax reform without the threat of Senate filibuster. They are a long way from being able to do that. Presumably, work on the House side on taxes can move forward but the internal party arguments over whether to do straight cuts or real reform are not close to being resolved. Story Continued Below Here’s how Manulife’s Megan Greene put it to MM it on hopes for 2017: “It’s pretty unlikely they can get it done. The cleavages in the GOP on health care are similar to those on tax reform. It’s going to be hard to get tax reform done even in 2018 because of the midterm elections so it could slip to 2019.” And Goldman’s Alec Phillips in a note out on Friday: “[T]he revival of health legislation, which could at least take a few more months to conclude, could substantially delay consideration of the remainder of the legislative agenda. This further reduces the likelihood that Congress will enact a tax cut before year-end … “While we continue to believe that tax legislation is likely to be enacted in early 2018, further delays could push consideration of tax legislation too close to the upcoming midterm election, reducing the likelihood that tax legislation is enacted in the next two years” Compass Point’s Isaac Boltansky: “We view the House passage of AHCA as a negative development for broader tax reform efforts. As we see it, the Senate will either fail to advance an ACA package or it will clear a bill that will be met with deep suspicion and disdain by the House … “Either way, the low odds of enacting health care legislation will persist while both time and political resolve steadily decline. We maintain our view that tax cuts are still likely in this Congress, but our optimism has been tempered by both political and procedural headwinds.” More on the steep fiscal cliffs faced by Congress this summer from Burgess Everett and Sarah Ferris here. MM SIDEBAR — The slow-pace of the tax reform process isn’t necessarily a disaster for Trump or markets. Share prices seem fairly-well supported by earnings growth. And an economy near full employment and likely to swing back to decent growth in the second quarter is not an obvious candidate for giant, stimulative tax cuts. So while it would be a political setback if a major Trump agenda item bogs down, it’s not clear it would be any kind of economic disaster. The counter to this is if Trump does want some kind of boost to growth (and markets) heading into the 2018 midterms he could use a some combination of infrastructure spending and tax relief, especially with the Fed in cautious hiking mode. Even here though, if no tax package is enacted until late this year or early next year, it’s not likely to have much of an impact on growth until well after the midterms. So maybe it’s a 2020 re-election play! HENSARLING FACES FOIA BACKLASH — POLITIC’s Zachary Warmbrodt: “House Financial Services Chairman Jeb Hensarling is facing a backlash from government watchdog groups over his attempts to discourage Treasury and other agencies from fulfilling certain Freedom of Information Act requests. “Two groups, Judicial Watch and American Oversight, are planning to press Treasury for correspondence with the Financial Services Committee after it was revealed last week that Hensarling had asked agencies under his jurisdiction to reject FOIA petitions that involved communications with the panel” Read more. GOOD TUESDAY MORNING — Well, MM got his wish and the Caps delivered in a big way to force a Game 7 in DC on Wednesday.Here’s hoping they can keep the magic alive. Email me on bwhite@politico.com and follow me on Twitter @morningmoneyben. Email Aubree Eliza Weaver on aweaver@politico.com and follow her on Twitter @AubreeEWeaver. THIS MORNING ON POLITICO PRO FINANCIAL SERVICES — Patrick Temple-West on the possibility of SEC Chairman Jay Clayton naming James Selway of Investment Technology Group as the next head of the agency’s trading and markets division. To get Morning Money every day before 6 a.m., please contact Pro Services at (703) 341-4600 or info@politicopro.com. DRIVING THE DAY — Senate Finance has a hearing at 10:00 a.m. on the Children’s Health Insurance Program (one element of the fiscal cliff) … NFIB Survey at 6:00 a.m. expected to dip to 104.0 from 104.7 … JOLTS Report at 10:00 a.m. expected to show openings rising to 5,800 ALSO TODAY: BLOCKCHAIN EVENT — The Financial Services Roundtable and BITS are holding a blockchain event at 11:30 in DC. More here. FSOC READOUT via Treasury: “During the meeting, the Council received an update from Treasury staff on the April 21 Presidential Memorandum for the Treasury Secretary regarding Council designations. In addition, the Council discussed the ongoing annual reevaluation of its designation of a nonbank financial company, including preliminary staff analysis. “The Council also discussed interagency regulatory coordination and the February 3 Presidential Executive Order on core principles for regulating the U.S. financial system. As part of that discussion, the Council discussed efforts to assess the efficacy of the Volcker Rule” WHY WH VISITOR LOGS MATTER — Jeffrey R. Brown and Jiekun Huang in POLITICO Magazine: “There is vast power and clout in the White House, and visits by corporate executives to meet with top executive branch officials can result in outsized influence on policy and the extraction of political favors. “In the first study of its kind, we used the Obama administration’s White House visitor logs from 2009 — 2015 to identify 2,286 meetings between federal government officials and corporate executives from S&P 1500 firms. We found that money can buy you greater access to the White House, and that for corporations, that access translated into big returns on Wall Street” Read more. ** A message from the Secure Family Coalition: President Trump directed the Department of Labor to re-examine the fiduciary regulation and ensure it doesn’t harm Americans saving for retirement. A recent study found that the regulation could increase consumer costs by $46.6 billion. DOL must protect retirement savers and fully delay the regulation until a review is complete. http://bit.ly/2a2I0zy ** WHY THE KUSHNERS ARE COURTING THE CHINESE — Bloomberg’s Caleb Melby and David Kocieniewski: “When Jared Kushner’s sister took the stage in two Chinese ballrooms over the weekend to urge investors to fund a New Jersey development through a controversial visa program, she mentioned her brother’s role in the White House and displayed a photo of President Donald Trump. It was a not-so-subtle signal that hers is a family company with connections. “What she didn’t mention was that the project has suffered a slew of problems: the exit of its anchor tenant, the loss of millions in tax breaks and a curdling political relationship with the mayor of its host city. “In an email, the company, said of Meyer’s pitch, ‘Kushner Companies apologizes if that mention of her brother was in any way interpreted as an attempt to lure investors. That was not Ms. Meyer’s intention.’” Read more. JPMORGAN TELLS BANKS TO PARTNER UP — Bloomberg’s Matthew Monks: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. has some advice for regional banks: A deposit drain is coming, so merge while you can. The company’s investment bankers are warning depository clients that they may begin feeling the crunch in December, thanks to a byproduct of how the U.S. Federal Reserve propped up the economy after the financial crisis “JPMorgan argues that some midsize U.S. banks — those with $50 billion in assets or less — could face a funding problem in coming years as the Fed goes about shrinking its massive balance sheet, according to the 19-page report the New York-based bank has begun sharing with clients.” Read more. GOLDMAN MAKES LEADERSHIP CHANGES — WSJ’s Liz Hoffman: “Goldman Sachs Group Inc. is making the biggest changes in a decade to the leaders atop its investment-banking division, which advises companies on mergers and capital raises. “The firm promoted deal maker Gregg Lemkau and financing executive Marc Nachmann to join John Waldron as co-heads of the unit, according to people familiar with the matter. Richard Gnodde, Mr. Waldron’s counterpart in London, will relinquish his co-head title to focus on overseeing Goldman’s international business. Mr. Nachmann will move to London.” Read more. WALL STREET FEAR GAUGE FALLS TO LOWEST SINCE 1993 — FT’s Robin Wigglesworth and Joe Rennison: “Wall Street’s ‘fear gauge’ has tumbled to its lowest level in more than two decades after the expected but welcome French election victory of Emmanuel Macron helped vaporise US stock market volatility. “The Chicago Board Option Exchange’s Vix index — which measures the expected short-term turbulence of the S&P 500 implied by stock options — closed at 9.77 on Monday, the lowest level since December 1993, as markets jumped over the geopolitical hurdle posed by Sunday’s French presidential victory. The gauge has only been lower on three days since its inception in 1992.” Read more. U.S. STOCK INDEXES REACH RECORD HIGHS — AP’s Stan Choe: “A turn higher in the last few minutes of trading was enough to nudge U.S. indexes to more record highs Monday as fear seemed to drain out of the market. “The Standard & Poor's 500 index wafted up and down through the day before ending at 2,399.38, up by just 0.09 points. The Dow Jones industrial average likewise edged up a fraction of a percent, adding 5.34 points to 21,012.28. The Nasdaq composite rose 1.90 points, or less than 0.1 percent, to 6,102.66. Small-company stocks fell, and the Russell 2000 index lost 5.36, or 0.4 percent, to 1,391.64.” Read more. MARKETS’ BIGGEST FEAR? CHINA. — CNBC’s Patti Domm: “Stocks are at record highs, the VIX is at a 10-year low, and while investors are relieved the French presidency did not go to an anti-euro candidate, new risks are filling the void. “Topping the list of market worries is China, which has been on the back burner for months now. Some weaker-than-expected data, however, has put spotlight on the country's economy. Last week, PMI manufacturing data showed signs of slowing, and China's trade data overnight was weaker than expected, with misses both on imports and exports. Chinese inflation data was due Tuesday.” Read more. SEC PROBES BONDS BACKED BY RENTAL HOMES — Bloomberg’s Matt Scully: “U.S. securities regulators are investigating whether bonds backed by single-family rental homes and sold by Wall Street’s biggest residential landlords used overvalued property assessments. Radian Group Inc.’s Green River Capital unit is one of the market participants that received a request for information from the Securities and Exchange Commission in March about broker price opinions, or BPOs, the company said in a regulatory filing late Friday. “The agency has been looking at whether BPOs were wrongly inflated, and similar letters were sent to other companies, potentially serving as a starting point for an industry wide probe, according to a person with knowledge of the matter. The person asked not to be identified because the matter is private.” Read more. JURY CLEARS FORMER BANKATLANTIC CEO — WSJ’s Dave Michaels: “A federal jury in Miami on Monday dismissed civil claims against an executive who once operated one of Florida’s largest banks, marking the end of a long-running case that turned on allegations of misconduct in the run-up to the housing crisis. “The verdict cleared Alan Levan and BBX Capital Corp., a company that once operated as BankAtlantic Bancorp Inc. before the bank business was sold to BB&T Corp. in 2011. The Securities and Exchange Commission alleged Mr. Levan misled investors during a July 2007 analyst call about trouble in the bank’s loan portfolio. The SEC also claimed the bank manipulated how it valued some loans, allowing it report a lower pretax loss for the year” Read more. G7 WANTS TO AVOID CLASH OVER PROTECTIONISM — FT’s James Politi: “G7 finance ministers and central bank chiefs will seek to avoid a new confrontation over protectionism this week, leaving it to national leaders to address the increasingly sensitive issue later this month. “Italian officials said on Monday that the decision to leave trade off the agenda at a G7 meeting this week in Bari had come after it became clear that the issue needed to be tackled by heads of government. Instead, the finance ministers will focus on other matters, including fostering inclusive growth and reducing inequality, fighting terrorism and cyber attacks, and cracking down on tax avoidance.” Read more. FORMER DEWEY & LEBOEUF EXEC CONVICTED — NYT’s Matthew Goldstein and Liz Moyer: “Nearly five years after the collapse of Dewey & LeBoeuf, and roughly 20 months after a mistrial in an earlier criminal proceeding, prosecutors got a split decision on Monday in an accounting fraud case against two former executives of the once-mighty New York law firm. “A jury in Manhattan convicted Joel Sanders, the law firm’s former chief financial officer, on three criminal counts arising from what prosecutors said was a scheme to hide the firm’s failing finances from financial backers. But another former executive on trial, Stephen DiCarmine, was acquitted of the same charges. The verdict came after five full days of deliberation by the jury in State Supreme Court in Lower Manhattan following a trial that began in January.” Read more. ALSO FOR YOUR RADAR — BETTER MARKETS SUES OVER MET LIFE — Per Dennis Kelleher, President and CEO of Better Markets, released the following statement: “Apparently in fear of losing its lawsuit against FSOC and being re-designated as a systemically significant nonbank, MetLife appears to have orchestrated an elaborate eleventh-hour political maneuver to stop the ongoing legal case. “More than six months after the case was argued in the Court of Appeals, and on the eve of that Court issuing its decision, MetLife is attempting to use President Trump’s legally unrelated request to the Treasury Secretary for a report as a reason to delay and eventually halt the fully briefed and argued case.” NEW AT MARKETPLACE — Per release: “Jennifer Pak has been brought on as Marketplace's China Correspondent reporting from the Shanghai bureau. Pak’s work at Marketplace will cover the world’s second largest economy as it continues to transform, telling stories that help explain how our lives and economy are connected to China’s.” RILA LAUNCHES DURBIN ADS — Per release: “RILA will be launching a national ad campaign urging Congress to uphold debit swipe fee reform as the CHOICE Act heads to the floor. The 60 second digital ad will be launched in over 40 key Congressional districts nationwide.” Ad is here. ** A message from the Secure Family Coalition: President Trump directed the Department of Labor to re-examine the fiduciary regulation and ensure it doesn’t harm Americans saving for retirement. An April 2017 study released by the American Action Forum found that the regulation has the potential to increase consumer costs by $46.6 billion, or $813 per IRA account holder. We need to do better for individuals working hard to save for retirement. America’s life insurers, agents, and brokers look forward to working with Labor Secretary Acosta, the administration, Congress, and the states on policies that ensure continued consumer access to retirement information and lifetime income products for a secure retirement. Secretary Acosta and the Department of Labor need to act promptly and fully delay the fiduciary regulation until a thorough, impartial review is complete. http://bit.ly/2a2I0zy ** « View Archives Authors: Ben White bwhite@politico.com @morningmoneyben Aubree Eliza Weaver aweaver@politico.com @AubreeEWeaver About The Author Ben White is POLITICO Pro's chief economic correspondent and author of the “Morning Money” column covering the nexus of finance and public policy. Prior to joining POLITICO in the fall of 2009, Mr. White served as a Wall Street reporter for the New York Times, where he shared a Society of Business Editors and Writers award for breaking news coverage of the financial crisis. From 2005 to 2007, White was Wall Street correspondent and U.S. Banking Editor at the Financial Times. White worked at the Washington Post for nine years before joining the FT. He served as national political researcher and research assistant to columnist David S. Broder and later as Wall Street correspondent. White, a 1994 graduate of Kenyon College, has two sons and lives in New York City. About The Author Aubree Eliza Weaver is a Web producer for POLITICO Pro. She graduated from Le Moyne College in her hometown of Syracuse, N.Y., where she was the editor-in-chief of her school’s newspaper, The Dolphin; co-hosted a political segment on the school’s news station, LCTV; and worked as a photography assistant in the Visual Arts department. As a student, Weaver interned with various communications organizations, including the publicity department of Regnery Publishing and serving as a news broadcast intern at Time Warner Cable’s Syracuse affiliate, YNN. Immediately following her graduation in May 2013, Weaver moved to D.C. to work as a summer program adviser for The Fund for American Studies’ Institute on Political Journalism, an educational nonprofit that offers courses, internships, lecture series and other opportunities for college students and recent grads. She was a student in the program in the summer of 2011, when she first fell in love with D.C. In her free time, Weaver loves to read and write (as all journalists do), play guitar until her fingers are numb, drink more coffee than she’d care to admit, and spend time with her family. Most Read Why Liberals Aren’t as Tolerant as They Think GOP Rep. Rod Blum storms out of interview Is This a Constitutional Crisis? Republicans war over taxes Obama: 'You get the politicians you deserve' Former presidents walk fine line in Trump’s America Sophia Bush: 'I’m screaming on the internet' Schumer calls for special prosecutor, suggests cover-up Left adopts shock tactics in Obamacare repeal fight Flynn's White House influence is outliving his short tenure Morning Money - POLITICO Archive Tuesday, 5/9/17 Monday, 5/8/17 Friday, 5/5/17 Thursday, 5/4/17 Wednesday, 5/3/17 View the Full Morning Money Archives » Politico Magazine Is This Trump’s Saturday Night Massacre? Don’t Count On It. By Jeff Greenfield He Alone Can Fix it: Time for Trump to Testify on Russia Ties By Patrick Granfield Why Liberals Aren’t as Tolerant as They Think By Matthew Hutson When CEOs Visit the White House, Their Companies Profit By Jeffrey R. Brown and Jiekun Huang More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Provident Financial Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Provident Financial Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fluor Co. (NEW) (FLR) Stake Lowered by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC First Quadrant L P CA Holds Position in Ford Motor Company (F) 1-800-Flowers.Com Inc (FLWS) Stake Maintained by First Quadrant L P CA Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in CarMax, Inc (KMX) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (PBH) Provident Financial Holdings, Inc. (PROV) Stake Reduced by Acadian Asset Management LLC Everest Re Group Ltd (RE) Stake Lowered by Acadian Asset Management LLC Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Shares Sold by Riverbridge Partners LLC AEterna Zentaris (AEZS) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.23 Arlington Asset Investment Corp (AI) Given Media Impact Score of 0.27 Aegerion Pharmaceuticals (AEGR) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Air Methods Corp (AIRM) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.02 Adams Resources & Energy (AE) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.13 American Financial Group (AFG) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.48 Pennon Group plc (PNN) Earns Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Shore Capital Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) Investec Raises NMC Health PLC (NMC) Price Target to GBX 2,430 Purplebricks Group PLC (PURP) Earns “Buy” Rating from Peel Hunt Panmure Gordon Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Randgold Resources Limited (RRS) Merlin Entertainments PLC (MERL) Earns Overweight Rating from Barclays PLC Provident Financial Holdings, Inc. (PROV) Stake Reduced by Acadian Asset Management LLC May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Acadian Asset Management LLC lowered its stake in Provident Financial Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PROV) by 9.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 149,747 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 16,519 shares during the period. Acadian Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Provident Financial Holdings were worth $2,792,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its stake in shares of Provident Financial Holdings by 7.1% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 342,300 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $6,921,000 after buying an additional 22,600 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Provident Financial Holdings during the fourth quarter valued at about $760,000. Federated Investors Inc. PA increased its position in Provident Financial Holdings by 68.8% in the fourth quarter. Federated Investors Inc. PA now owns 55,410 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,120,000 after buying an additional 22,580 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Provident Financial Holdings by 85.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 45,411 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $888,000 after buying an additional 20,987 shares during the period. Finally, State Street Corp increased its position in Provident Financial Holdings by 28.4% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 82,420 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,667,000 after buying an additional 18,207 shares during the period. 59.94% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Provident Financial Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PROV) opened at 19.13 on Tuesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $18.76 and a 200 day moving average of $19.22. The firm has a market cap of $150.84 million, a PE ratio of 22.88 and a beta of 0.13. Provident Financial Holdings, Inc. has a 52 week low of $17.20 and a 52 week high of $20.66. Provident Financial Holdings (NASDAQ:PROV) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The financial services provider reported $0.14 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.16 by $0.02. Provident Financial Holdings had a return on equity of 5.34% and a net margin of 9.19%. The firm had revenue of $15.44 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $16.79 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.18 earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that Provident Financial Holdings, Inc. will post $0.70 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 9th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 19th will be given a dividend of $0.13 per share. This represents a $0.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.72%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 17th. Provident Financial Holdings’s payout ratio is currently 59.77%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/provident-financial-holdings-inc-prov-stake-reduced-by-acadian-asset-management-llc.html. Separately, Hovde Group assumed coverage on shares of Provident Financial Holdings in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued a “market perform” rating and a $20.00 target price for the company. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $19.50. In other Provident Financial Holdings news, insider David Weiant sold 20,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.70, for a total transaction of $374,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 15.71% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Provident Financial Holdings Company Profile Provident Financial Holdings, Inc is the holding company of Provident Savings Bank, F.S.B. (the Bank). The Bank is a federally chartered stock savings bank. The Company operates through two segments: Provident Bank and Provident Bank Mortgage (PBM). The Bank’s operations primarily consist of accepting deposits from customers within the communities surrounding the Bank’s full service offices and investing those funds in single-family loans, multi-family loans, commercial real estate loans, construction loans, commercial business loans, consumer loans and other mortgage loans. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PROV? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Provident Financial Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PROV). Receive News & Ratings for Provident Financial Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Provident Financial Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman The Chemours Company Announces Offering of $500,000,000 of Senior Notes Due 2027 WILMINGTON, Del., May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Chemours Company (Chemours) (NYSE: CC), a global chemistry company with leading market positions in titanium technologies, fluoroproducts and chemical solutions, today announced that it intends to offer (the "offering") $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2027, subject to market and other conditions. Chemours intends to use the net proceeds of the offering for general corporate purposes, including the previously announced global settlement of the multi-district PFOA litigation, if finalized.  Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Barclays Capital Inc. and TD Securities (USA) LLC will act as joint-book running managers for the offering. HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC and Mizuho Securities USA Inc. will act as co-managers for the offering. The offering will be made by means of a prospectus supplement. Chemours has filed a shelf registration statement (including a prospectus) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for the offering to which this communication relates. You may review these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC's website, at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, these documents may be obtained from Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC by calling toll-free at 1-800-221-1037, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at 1-212-834-4533, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll-free at 1-800-831-9146, Barclays Capital Inc. toll-free at 1-888-603-5847 and TD Securities (USA) LLC toll-free at 1-855-495-9846. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Such an offer can only be made by delivery of a prospectus and prospectus supplement, if applicable, that have been filed with the SEC. About The Chemours Company The Chemours Company (NYSE: CC) helps create a colorful, capable and cleaner world through the power of chemistry.  Chemours is a global leader in titanium technologies, fluoroproducts and chemical solutions, providing its customers with solutions in a wide range of industries with market-defining products, application expertise and chemistry-based innovations.  Chemours ingredients are found in plastics and coatings, refrigeration and air conditioning, mining and general industrial manufacturing.  Our flagship products include prominent brands such as Teflon™, Ti-Pure™, Krytox™, Viton™, Opteon™, Freon™ and Nafion™.  Chemours has approximately 7,000 employees and 26 manufacturing sites serving approximately 4,000 customers in North America, Latin America, Asia-Pacific and Europe.  Chemours is headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware and is listed on the NYSE under the symbol CC.  For more information please visit chemours.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the federal securities laws, that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. The words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "plan," "estimate," "target," "project" and similar expressions, among others, generally identify "forward-looking statements," which speak only as of the date the statements were made. These forward-looking statements address, among other things, the offering, our agreement with DuPont relating to the MDL Settlement, resolution of environmental liabilities, litigation and other contingencies, anticipated future operating and financial performance, business plans and prospects, that are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events which may not be accurate or realized. Forward-looking statements also involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond Chemours' control. Additionally, there may be other risks and uncertainties that Chemours is unable to identify at this time or that Chemours does not currently expect to have a material impact on its business. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include whether the offering is completed and other risks, uncertainties and other factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. Chemours assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement for any reason, except as required by law. CONTACT MEDIA Alvenia Scarborough Director, Brand Marketing and Corporate Communications +1.302.773.4507 media@chemours.com  INVESTORS Alisha Bellezza Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations +1.302.773.2263 investor@chemours.com SOURCE The Chemours Company CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Chemical, Offerings Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Plant Sterol Esters Market Outlook Continues to Remain Positive by 2016 – 2026 Next PostNext ASAP International Invited to Speak at the MIT World Real Estate Forum in Cambridge, MA Search Recent Posts COMP – THE BEST RAPPER ALIVE? Simo Juice launched Kickstarter Campaign to Reshape People’s Lives & Fitness Levels Worldwide QuikLid: The Greatest Personal Assistant for Cleaning launches Kickstarter Campaign Morton’s Dance Center launches Kickstarter Campaign to fund “The Experience” Dance Show GLOBI WEB SOLUTIONS OFFERING SANEBOX ALTERNATIVE WITH EMAILPET EMAIL MANAGEMENT PROGRAM RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad iPhone iPad iOS OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses iPhone iPad iOS Home iOS The Macalope By The Macalope, Macworld | May 9, 2017 4:13 AM PT Opinion Fake news: Bad rumors on the iPhone 8 They aren’t news, but they might be true. But they probably won’t. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. More like this iPhone 8 rumors: Announced in June or delayed 'til 2018? The iPhone H8: Gonna be so boring Dying hereafter: Pre-judging the iPhone 8 Video Can the iPhone make better AR than Facebook and Snapchat? | The iPhone Show Have you heard the bad news? That smartphone that you think you might want to buy will be terrible. It’s true. True-ish. Well, there’s a chance it could happen. Actually, it probably won’t. But what is “news” anyway if not speculation that is probably wrong? Right? Writing for the Forbes contributor network and scratch-and-dent sale of the mind, Gordon Kelly says “New iPhone 8 Details Will Anger Users.” (Tip o’ the antlers to @mylestaylor, Philip Speicher and Nate Ardle.) If you’re not angry about a phone that you haven’t seen and hasn’t even been announced yet, well, are you even alive? Pieces by members of the Forbes contributor network come with this important disclaimer: Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Seriously, no one else shares these opinions. We checked and… nope. You’d think that maybe one person would but… It’s like a freak of nature opinion factory. Exciting leaks and images about 2017’s new iPhones have users so excited… Exciting leaks excite! Very exciting. But the latest news from financial giants JPMorgan Chase will leave users feeling far from happy… Boy, that devolved quickly. Also, we have very different ideas about what constitutes “news.” Kelly has essentially re-typed this piece from 9to5Mac and put a more salacious headline on it. That’s the “value add” you get here. Kelly conveniently neglects to re-type this bit, which 9to5Mac puts close to the top: JPMorgan’s success rate with Apple rumors is sketchy and only recently claimed Apple would announce the new iPhone next month, so treat what it says with a good deal of skepticism. Huh. Weird. Seems like that might be worth knowing. OH, WELL. The only part of the rumor Kelly takes exception to is the idea that Apple will include AirPods with the iPhone 8, because to date, Apple has been unable to keep up with demand. …the thought Apple could fix this to the extent that AirPods will be supplied in the 60-80M iPhone 8 units Apple is predicted to sell in its first quarter is comical. Normally this would be where the Macalope would insert a spit take but he simply didn’t have any form of beverage in his mouth when he was reading that. It still doesn’t mean it’s not coming to us directly from the cupola in the town square in downtown Bananaville. Apple’s biggest iPhone quarter ever was the fourth calendar quarter of last year when they sold 78.2 million iPhones. There is no way they will sell “60-80” million units of a phone that’s expected to start at $1,000. But the Macalope certainly looks forward to Forbes’s headline about disappointing iPhone 8 sales when the company fails to clear those ridiculously high goal posts. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: iOS iPhone iPhone/iPad Macalope Apple Rumors You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Home Advertise Sponsorship Donate About Team Services News agency Vacancies Contact Us Videos Articles #BreakingNews FBI Director Comey fired was investigating the efforts of Russian Gov. to interfere in 2016 US Electi… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… About 9 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Twitter Web Client Video #2states1homeland: 'We want sharing instead of separation, separation does not work' ow.ly/yvK650bnJ1d About 10 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite Video #2states1homeland: 'The EU can provide the right incentives' ow.ly/dfDv50bnFCa About 11 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite Video #CPMR: President Vasco Cordeiro challenges populism in EU ow.ly/cVVi50bnne5 About 15 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite #EAPM: Lung cancer screening debate moves to Milan in mid-May ow.ly/JjDl50bnkZa About 16 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of #Brexit ow.ly/53ae50bn1XJ Yesterday from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite #EuropeDay: Lessons from history - Europe Day, celebrated on 9 May, is all about our common journey from war to... ow.ly/lm6e50bn1XK Yesterday from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite Follow @eureporter Video News Featured Videos Online TV Podcasts Photo Journalism Opinion Featured Articles Brussels In View Politics Defence Economy Energy Environment Education Health Human Rights Lifestyle Animal Welfare World Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of #Brexit EU Reporter Correspondent | May 9, 2017 | 0 Comments The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape, write Anjuli Davies and Andrew MacAskill. Last week Standard Chartered (STAN.L) and JPMorgan (JPM.N) were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Goldman Sachs (GS.N) chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview on Friday that London’s growth as a financial center could “stall” as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS (UBSG.S), and Citigroup (C.N) have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union’s single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Illustrative graphic Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. “It’s full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning,” said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. “There’s no waiting.” Although the moves would represent about 2 percent of London’s finance jobs, Britain’s tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The Institute for Fiscal Studies – a think tank focused on budget issues – said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population will have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit. The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favour opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) said on 26 April that up to 4,000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit – the largest potential move of any bank. JPMorgan last week announced plans to move hundreds of roles to three European cities in the next two years. This is still significantly lower than the 4,000 figure JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon first estimated before the vote. Estimates for possible finance-related job losses from Brexit are on a broad range from 4,000 to 232,000, according to separate reports by Oliver Wyman and Ernst & Young. Banks are treading carefully, enacting two-stage contingency plans, to avoid losing nervous London-based staff as they work out how many jobs will have to eventually move. This suggests that the numbers could potentially rise further depending on what deal is eventually negotiated between the EU and Britain. This first phase involves small numbers to make sure the requisite licenses, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next will depend on the longer term strategy of a bank’s European business. The Bank of England has given finance companies until 14 July to set out their plans. One senior bank executive at a large British bank said forcing companies to make a plan makes it more likely that they will follow through. “It is an unintended consequence, but the more and more preparation you do the more likely you are to execute those plans,” the executive said. HSBC Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver said this week that the bank’s previous estimate that around 1000 staff would move to Paris following Britain’s vote to leave the EU, was based on a ‘hard Brexit’ scenario. Most banks are working on the assumption that this is the most likely outcome of the separation talks and would involve losing access to the single market with no special financial services deal and no transition period. Comments Facebook comments Tags: (, 000 jobs from Britain, and, Bank of America, Banks planning to move 9, because of Brexit, Brexit, Credit Suisse, Credit Suisse and Bank of America, DBKGn.DE, Deutsche Bank, eu, featured, full-image Category: Brexit, EU, Frontpage, UK Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website « #EuropeDay: Lessons from history #EAPM: Lung cancer screening debate moves to Milan in mid-May » Sponsored Link Find us on Facebook Latest Twitter Tweets by @eureporter Donate via PayPal Make a Donation to EU Reporter Now News Categories Business Defence Economy Education Energy Environment Eurozone Health Lifestyle Magazine Politics World Subscribe to our newsletter Enter your email address below to receive updates each time we publish new content. About EU Reporter EU Reporter is an online web site, online TV channel and monthly magazine published in digital format, with breaking news, incisive analysis and independent provocative comment on EU affairs... read more » Information & Policies Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Sitemap Search EU Reporter Looking for something in particular? Try the search feature below © 2017 EU Reporter. All rights reserved.
AICEP Agência para o Investimento e Comércio Externo de Portugal CABEÇALHO Pesquisa Pesquisa Avançada Edição AICEP Revista de Imprensa Nacional AICEP Comércio Empresas Investimento Macroeconomia Turismo Revista de Imprensa Estrangeira NewsRoom (by AICEP) RSS Portal do Cliente Subscrever Newsletters Contacte-nos             PT EN ES DE FR RU 中文 日本語 Homepage » PortugalNews [Edit] Partilhar RODAPÉ [D] 10/05/2017 | Reclamações | FAQ | Glossário | Mapa do Site | Política de Privacidade
Leadership Search Search WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: May 10 MusicThe Grammy Awards Will Move to New York After a Decade in Los Angeles PoliticsTrump Will Meet Russia’s Foreign Minister at the White House ChinaChinese Premier Sends Foxconn a Reminder After Its CEO Visits the White House Jamie Dimon during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, Calif., on May 1, 2017.  Patrick T. Fallon—Bloomberg/Getty Images Education J.P. Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon Says Inner-City Education is a ‘National Catastrophe’ Feliz Solomon May 09, 2017 J.P. Morgan Chase (jpyyl) CEO Jamie Dimon said the U.S. is experiencing a “national catastrophe” in education and has pledged to provide $6 million to help fund schools in New York’s South Bronx district. In an interview with Business Insider, Dimon said the commitment, part of the company’s New Skills for Youth Initiative, is designed to pair career and technical education schools with employers in the city. Citing estimates that 50% of inner-city youths do not complete high school, Dimon said American leaders “should be ringing the alarm bells,” warning that American job preparation is falling behind despite global efforts to improve education. Dimon said the focus now should be on ensuring that more young people finish high school prepared to enter the workforce or able to obtain higher education that would lead to employment. For more on Jamie Dimon, watch Fortune's video: While the national unemployment rate has dropped to record lows over the past year, unemployment among people aged between 18 and 25 years old remains markedly higher, Dimon said. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance adidas AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for adidas AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €175.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €204.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Allianz SE (ALV) PT Set at €200.00 by Commerzbank Ag JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Allianz SE (ALV) a €199.00 Price Target E.On Se (EOAN) PT Set at €8.70 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Metro Ag (MEO3) a €28.00 Price Target eMagin Co. (EMAN) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Thursday HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Linde AG (LIN) a €179.00 Price Target Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) PT Set at €20.00 by S&P Global Bombardier, Inc. (BBD.B) to Release Earnings on Thursday JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €197.00 Price Target for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Salzgitter AG (SZG) Given a €38.50 Price Target by Baader Bank Analysts Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for LHC Group, Inc. (LHCG) Issued By SunTrust Banks 4imprint Group plc (FOUR) Receives “Buy” Rating from FinnCap Dcc Plc (DCC) PT Raised to GBX 8,500 ITV plc’s (ITV) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc ITV plc’s (ITV) Buy Rating Reiterated at Liberum Capital EI Group PLC (EIG) Receives “Add” Rating from Peel Hunt Ocado Group PLC’s (OCDO) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp (AQN) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €175.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet adidas AG (FRA:ADS) has been given a €175.00 ($190.22) target price by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued on Friday. The brokerage currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. A number of other analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. DZ Bank AG reaffirmed a “sell” rating on shares of adidas AG in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €200.00 ($217.39) price objective on adidas AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Baader Bank set a €160.00 ($173.91) price objective on adidas AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Commerzbank Ag set a €210.00 ($228.26) price objective on adidas AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, Independent Research GmbH set a €195.00 ($211.96) price objective on adidas AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, March 17th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the stock. adidas AG presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of €182.27 ($198.12). adidas AG (FRA:ADS) opened at 181.992 on Friday. adidas AG has a 12 month low of €106.00 and a 12 month high of €187.81. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of €179.85 and a 200 day moving average price of €156.78. The company has a market capitalization of €36.61 billion and a P/E ratio of 36.457. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €175.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/adidas-ag-ads-pt-set-at-175-00-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. adidas AG Company Profile . Receive News & Ratings for adidas AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for adidas AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Allianz SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €175.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €204.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Allianz SE (ALV) PT Set at €200.00 by Commerzbank Ag JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Allianz SE (ALV) a €199.00 Price Target E.On Se (EOAN) PT Set at €8.70 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Metro Ag (MEO3) a €28.00 Price Target eMagin Co. (EMAN) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Thursday HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Linde AG (LIN) a €179.00 Price Target Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) PT Set at €20.00 by S&P Global Bombardier, Inc. (BBD.B) to Release Earnings on Thursday JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €197.00 Price Target for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Salzgitter AG (SZG) Given a €38.50 Price Target by Baader Bank Analysts Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for LHC Group, Inc. (LHCG) Issued By SunTrust Banks 4imprint Group plc (FOUR) Receives “Buy” Rating from FinnCap Dcc Plc (DCC) PT Raised to GBX 8,500 ITV plc’s (ITV) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc ITV plc’s (ITV) Buy Rating Reiterated at Liberum Capital EI Group PLC (EIG) Receives “Add” Rating from Peel Hunt Ocado Group PLC’s (OCDO) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp (AQN) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Allianz SE (ALV) a €199.00 Price Target May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €199.00 ($216.30) price objective on Allianz SE (FRA:ALV) in a report issued on Thursday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €197.00 ($214.13) price objective on Allianz SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Royal Bank of Canada set a €190.00 ($206.52) price objective on Allianz SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Deutsche Bank AG set a €185.00 ($201.09) price objective on Allianz SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Sanford C. Bernstein set a €165.00 ($179.35) price objective on Allianz SE and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Finally, Barclays PLC set a €159.00 ($172.83) price objective on Allianz SE and gave the company a sell rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of €176.30 ($191.64). Shares of Allianz SE (FRA:ALV) opened at 173.344 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is €172.30 and its 200-day moving average is €160.28. The firm has a market cap of €78.88 billion and a P/E ratio of 11.557. Allianz SE has a 52-week low of €118.40 and a 52-week high of €177.77. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/jpmorgan-chase-199-00-price-target.html. Receive News & Ratings for Allianz SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Volkswagen AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Metro Ag (MEO3) a €28.00 Price Target eMagin Co. (EMAN) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Thursday HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Linde AG (LIN) a €179.00 Price Target Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) PT Set at €20.00 by S&P Global Bombardier, Inc. (BBD.B) to Release Earnings on Thursday JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €197.00 Price Target for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Salzgitter AG (SZG) Given a €38.50 Price Target by Baader Bank Analysts Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for LHC Group, Inc. (LHCG) Issued By SunTrust Banks 4imprint Group plc (FOUR) Receives “Buy” Rating from FinnCap Dcc Plc (DCC) PT Raised to GBX 8,500 ITV plc’s (ITV) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc ITV plc’s (ITV) Buy Rating Reiterated at Liberum Capital EI Group PLC (EIG) Receives “Add” Rating from Peel Hunt Ocado Group PLC’s (OCDO) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp (AQN) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Manulife Financial Corp.’s (MFC) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank Norbord Inc (OSB) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Capital One Financial Corp. Brokers Decrease Earnings Estimates for Natural Gas Services Group, Inc. (NGS) Hydro One Ltd (H) PT Raised to C$26.00 Great-West Lifeco Inc (GWO) Stock Rating Lowered by CIBC JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €197.00 Price Target for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €197.00 ($214.13) target price on Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) in a report released on Thursday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other research analysts have also recently weighed in on VOW3. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €209.00 ($227.17) price objective on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Sanford C. Bernstein set a €150.00 ($163.04) price objective on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Friday, April 21st. S&P Global set a €169.00 ($183.70) price objective on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Commerzbank Ag set a €137.00 ($148.91) price objective on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a €160.00 ($173.91) price objective on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Friday, April 28th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company. Volkswagen AG has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of €149.19 ($162.17). Shares of Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) opened at 146.00 on Thursday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of €138.04 and a 200 day moving average of €135.73. The stock has a market cap of €73.19 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.84. Volkswagen AG has a 1-year low of €103.70 and a 1-year high of €156.32. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/jpmorgan-chase-197-00-price-target-for-volkswagen-ag-vow3.html. Volkswagen AG Company Profile Volkswagen AG is engaged in developing vehicles and components for its brands. It also produces and sells vehicles, in particular passenger cars and light commercial vehicles for the Volkswagen Passenger Cars and Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles brands. The Passenger Cars segment cover the development of vehicles and engines, the production and sale of passenger cars, and the corresponding genuine parts business. Receive News & Ratings for Volkswagen AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT The Striking Price Use Straddles to Capitalize on Low Stock Market Volatility By using straddles, investors can take advantage of individual stocks’ big moves in a generally calm market. By Steven M. Sears Biography May 6, 2017 Last week, the one-month implied volatility of the Standard & Poor's 500 index registered 8%. It was the lowest level since 1988, when record- keeping began. This essentially means that the options market expects stocks to remain unchanged over the next month. But it doesn’t mean, as some investors might conclude, that options are... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What a Superstar Fund Is Buying Right Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Will End of Subsidies ‘Kill’ Electric Vehicle Market? Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 5 MLPs Likely to do Best When Crude Rebounds Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Kohl’s: Can Under Armour Save the Day? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Attention Shoppers: What You Need to Know About Kate Spade 2 Bargains Off the Beaten Track 3 At Age 20, Amazon Stock Can Fly Higher Still Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 10 things you need to know in markets today Oscar Williams-Grut May 9, 2017, 1:51 AM 499 facebook linkedin twitter email print Outgoing French President Francois Hollande (L) and President-elect Emmanuel Macron attend a ceremony to mark the end of World War II at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at the Arc de Triomphe in Paris, France, May 8, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier Good morning! Here's what you need to know in markets on Tuesday. 1. Theresa May has vowed to end the "injustice" of rising energy costs by including a cap in the Conservative general election manifesto. The BBC reports that the Prime Minister said the energy market "is not working", with vulnerable people worst hit by "rip-off" bills. 2. Jamie Dimon, the chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase, talked to Business Insider about education, the economy, and the Trump administration in an interview in the South Bronx, New York. Dimon believes there is a "national catastrophe" in education and JPMorgan Chase has announced a $6 million (£4.6 million) investment in the Bronx as part of its $75 million (£57.9 million) New Skills for Youth initiative. 3. The Co-operative Bank is set to admit that a sale of its business has faltered, increasing the chances that its American hedge fund owners will have to plough more capital into the bank. The Times reports that an announcement expected in the next few days is set to move the loss-making bank into a new phase of trying to thrash out a deal with the hedge funds, which own 80% after a previous restructuring in 2013. 4. British shoppers are increasingly seeking bargains to offset rising inflation and employers are finding it harder to recruit migrant workers, according to surveys published on Tuesday which reflected the impact of last year's Brexit vote. Total retail sales showed their strongest year-on-year growth in six years in April, Reuters reports, but the jump largely reflected the timing of the Easter holiday which fell in March last year but in April in 2017, the British Retail Consortium said. 5. Commerzbank posted a 28% rise in first-quarter net earnings in the first quarter, benefiting from a positive one-off effect in its run-off unit. The €217 million (£183 million) net profit of Germany's second-largest listed lender after Deutsche Bank was ahead of analysts' expectations for €107 million (£90.25 million), Reuters reports. 6. Shares of Apple rose 3.05% to $153.44 (£118.47) on Monday, following an analyst report from Drexel Hamilton that suggests Apple will become a $1 trillion (£770 billion) company. Monday's pop pushed Apple's value past $800 billion (£617.6 billion) for the first time, solidifying the company's position as the world's largest publicly traded company. 7. Big banks in the City could shift at least 9,000 roles out of the UK as a result of Brexit, according to a tally of job warnings since the EU referendum. The Guardian reports that Deutsche Bank is leading the threatened exodus, according to research by Reuters, while the two financial centres making the most gains from London’s loss are Frankfurt and Dublin. 8. US stocks were little changed on Monday amid a muted reaction to the French election, the outcome of which was already largely priced into markets. All three major indices were almost completely unmoved on the day, after the S&P 500 and Nasdaq finished last week at record highs. 9. Asian stock markets are following the US lead and are quiet. Japan's Nikkei index is down 0.08% at the time of writing (6.25 a.m. BST/1.25 a.m. ET), the Hong Kong Hang Seng is up 0.46%, and China's Shanghai Composite is down 0.19%. 10. Hertz Global Holdings, the parent company of Hertz car rental franchises, saw its stock plunge 15% to $12.67 (£9.78) a share after reporting a first-quarter loss that was worse than analyst forecasts. The adjusted loss for the period was $1.61 per share, missing analyst estimates of an $0.84 per share deficit. More from Business Insider UK: NOW WATCH: These are the watches worn by the smartest and most powerful men in the world Loading video... More: 10 Things Before European Markets 10 Things Before European Markets Open facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 10 things you need to know in markets today 10 things you need to know in markets today Good morning! Here's what you need to know in... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured WATCH! This week's episode of The Bottom Line with Henry Blodget More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe JPMorgan Tells Banks to Partner Up as U.S. Deposit Drain Looms by Matthew Monks @MattMonks123 More stories by Matthew Monks May 8, 2017, 7:38 PM EDT Crunch may be felt this December as Fed’s policy reverses Midsize-bank deals already underway in quest for deposits JPMorgan Chase & Co. has some advice for regional banks: A deposit drain is coming, so merge while you can. The company’s investment bankers are warning depository clients that they may begin feeling the crunch in December, thanks to a byproduct of how the U.S. Federal Reserve propped up the economy after the financial crisis, according to a copy of a confidential presentation obtained by Bloomberg News and confirmed by a JPMorgan spokesman. JPMorgan argues that some midsize U.S. banks -- those with $50 billion in assets or less -- could face a funding problem in coming years as the Fed goes about shrinking its massive balance sheet, according to the 19-page report the New York-based bank has begun sharing with clients. The Fed’s bond-buying spree from 2009 to 2014, dubbed quantitative easing, inadvertently left the industry flush with deposits. Investors took money they got selling mortgage-backed bonds and Treasury securities to the Fed and parked it in U.S. retail and commercial bank accounts. This created some $2.5 trillion in excess bank deposits, according to JPMorgan. It estimates that 60 percent, or $1.5 trillion, of that money will trickle out of banks in the next four to five years if the Fed follows through with recent guidance and begins reversing quantitative easing in December. The Fed is currently holding about $4.5 trillion of securities. The way it will get rid of them is by letting them mature and not buying new ones. Deposit ‘Destroyed’ JPMorgan’s presentation, titled "Core Deposits Strike Back" illustrates how this process will sap bank deposits using the example of a couple who pays off a mortgage that was bundled with other mortgages and sold to the Fed. Right now, when that couple takes that money out of their bank account for that payment, the Fed uses that cash to buy another mortgage bond, recycling it back into the banking system. A "deposit is destroyed" if the "Fed does not reinvest," the presentation states. JPMorgan estimates that a quantitative easing-related deposit-drain could result in loan growth lagging deposit growth by $200 billion to $300 billion a year. That could be particularly problematic for banks that rely on deposit products that tend to roll over swiftly, such as brokered accounts bought from third parties, large commercial banking accounts and high-interest savings accounts for wealthy customers. Retail Dash It may also set off a dash for retail deposits, a classification that includes bread-and-butter checking accounts, which banks love because they are especially cheap and stable. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Midsize banks will have an especially hard time growing retail deposits by ramping up advertising and investing in branches, according to JPMorgan’s presentation. That’s because they lack the marketing muscle of mega banks such as JPMorgan itself, as well as Wells Fargo & Co., Citigroup Inc., and Bank of America Corp. JPMorgan, like some other banks, offers depositors cash incentives for opening new checking and savings accounts with five-figure balances. About 42 percent, or $1.6 trillion, of the new deposits that U.S. banks have amassed since late 2009 have gone to lenders with at least $1 trillion in assets, according to data JPMorgan compiled from regulatory filings and SNL Financial. “Large banks are making sizable investments in brand, customer acquisition and technology leading to market share gains,” according to the report. Since big banks have the wherewithal to hold onto those gains, smaller ones may have to consider selling or buying rivals to bulk up on retail deposits, JPMorgan argues. Consolidation Driver “The need for retail deposits to fund loan growth, the challenge of organically originating new relationships and the scale required to support technology and brand investments will drive consolidation,” the report states. A looming push for retail customers may already be spurring dealmaking, JPMorgan says, noting that a handful of bank mergers have involved targets with heavy concentrations of deposits purchased from brokers or acquired through listing services such as QwickRate, both of which are more expensive funding sources than retail accounts. The examples include BNC Bancorp’s $2 billion sale to Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. and PrivateBancorp Inc.’s roughly $5 billion agreement to sell to Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce. The median for deposits in the form of brokered and listing-service accounts for U.S. banks with at lease $1 billion in assets was 2.5 percent at the end of 2016, according to data from SNL Financial. Those types of funds accounted for more than 20 percent of deposits at BNC Bancorp and PrivateBancorp, according to regulatory filings. BNC Bancorp Deposit needs factored into both banks decision’ to seek a partner. Selling to Pinnacle is “an excellent opportunity to really drive some really, serious, dynamic deposit growth to fund this machine over the next several years,” BNC Bancorp Chief Executive Officer Richard Callicutt said in a conference call with analysts in January. PrivateBancorp urged investors to vote in favor of its deal with CIBC in a shareholder presentation last month to help “address standalone funding constraints” by giving it access to a large retail deposit base. Selling to CIBC will help PrivateBancorp when interest rates rise, Terry McEvoy, a Stephens Inc. bank analyst, said Monday in a research note to clients. “We have long felt the company needed to improve their funding base to support loan growth,” McEvoy said in the note. “To do so on a standalone basis would be expensive and difficult.” Proxy firm Institutional Shareholders Services Inc. has advised PrivateBancorp stockholders to reject the deal because it undervalues the Chicago-based lender. A shareholder vote is schedule for Friday. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read This Is the Five-Word Message That Got a Citigroup Trader Fired The Kushner Project Touted in China Is in Trouble at Home Trump Preparing Certified Letter Attesting to No Russia Ties A Map Like This Persuaded Trump to Save Nafta, For Now Here’s What Some of the World’s Top Money Managers Are Betting On Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Black Knight Financial Services, Inc. Announces Secondary Common Stock Offering /EIN News/ — JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 08, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Black Knight Financial Services, Inc. (NYSE:BKFS), (the “Company” or “Black Knight”) announced today that affiliates of Thomas H. Lee Partners, L.P. (the “Selling Stockholders”), intend to offer for sale in an underwritten secondary offering of 5,000,000 shares of the Class A common stock of the Company, pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The Selling Stockholders in the offering have granted the underwriter an option to purchase up to 750,000 additional shares. The Selling Stockholders will receive all of the proceeds from this offering. No shares are being sold by management or the Company.  J.P. Morgan Securities LLC will act as the sole underwriter for the offering. An automatic shelf registration statement (including a prospectus) relating to the offering of the Class A common stock was filed with the SEC on May 8, 2016, and became effective upon filing. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus included in that registration statement, the preliminary prospectus supplement and other documents the Company has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the Company and this offering. You may obtain these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, copies of the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering, when available, may be obtained from: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or telephone: 1-866-803-9204. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities nor will there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. About Black Knight Financial Services, Inc. Black Knight Financial Services, Inc. (NYSE:BKFS) is a leading provider of integrated technology, data and analytics solutions that facilitate and automate many of the business processes across the mortgage lifecycle. Black Knight is committed to being a premier business partner that lenders and servicers rely on to achieve their strategic goals, realize greater success and better serve their customers by delivering best-in-class technology, services and insight with a relentless commitment to excellence, innovation, integrity and leadership. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements regarding expectations, hopes, intentions or strategies regarding the future are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on Black Knight management’s beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to them. Because such statements are based on expectations as to future financial and operating results and are not statements of fact, actual results may differ materially from those projected. Black Knight undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The risks and uncertainties that forward-looking statements are subject to include, but are not limited to: Black Knight’s ability to successfully achieve the conditions to and consummate the tax-free spin-off of Black Knight from FNF; security breaches against the Company’s information systems; the Company’s ability to maintain and grow its relationships with its customers; changes to the laws, rules and regulations that impact Black Knight’s and its customers’ businesses; the Company’s ability to adapt its services to changes in technology or the marketplace; the impact of any potential defects, development delays, installation difficulties or system failures on the Company’s business and reputation; changes in general economic, business, regulatory and political conditions, particularly as they affect the mortgage industry; risks associated with the availability of data; the effects of the Company’s substantial leverage on its ability to make acquisitions and invest in its business; risks associated with the Company’s structure and status as a “controlled company;” the Company’s ability to successfully integrate strategic acquisitions; and other risks and uncertainties detailed in the “Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information,” “Risk Factors” and other sections of Black Knight’s Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Information for Investors:   Information for Media:       Kirk Larsen   Michelle Kersch Black Knight Financial Services, Inc.   Black Knight Financial Services, Inc. 904.527.4470   904.854.5043 kirk.larsen@bkfs.com   michelle.kersch@bkfs.com   CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: Il gruppo James Pascoe passa a Rimini Street per l’assistenza per le sue applicazioni SAP per otto marche di vendita al dettaglio Next PostNext Nuo Therapeutics Obtains Stockholder Consent to Reverse Split Search Recent Posts Latest Ships Exhaust Gas Market Report – Global Industry Analysis, Development, Scope, Share, Trends, Forecast to 2021 Global Nano Sensors Market Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Worldwide Residential Wine Cabinets Market: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility & Trends 2021 What are the major insights of Two-Dimensional Ultrasound Array Transducer Market? Tourism and Hotel Industry in Cuba: Analysis of Growth, Trends and Progress RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HC2 Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HC2 Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Raises Stake in Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Exactech, Inc. (EXAC) Stake Held by Teton Advisors Inc. MSG Networks Inc (MSGN) Shares Sold by Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Decreases Position in IDEX Co. (IEX) Teton Advisors Inc. Raises Position in Modine Manufacturing Co. (MOD) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Has $180.537 Million Position in National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Position Maintained by Teton Advisors Inc. Gabelli Funds LLC Boosts Position in CNH Industrial NV (CNHI) Gabelli Funds LLC Sells 23,000 Shares of Dana Inc (DAN) Teton Advisors Inc. Has $5,208,000 Stake in Internap Corp (INAP) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Lowers Position in Myers Industries, Inc. (MYE) Teton Advisors Inc. Continues to Hold Position in SJW Group (SJW) Teton Advisors Inc. Has $4,428,000 Stake in HC2 Holdings Inc (HCHC) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Lowers Position in Post Holdings Inc (POST) PetroChina Company Limited (PTR) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Party City Holdco (PRTY) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.31 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact QEP Resources (QEP) Share Price Pimco CA Muni. Income Fund III (PZC) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Radware (RDWR) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.27 Insider Buying: Triumph Gold Corp (TIG) Director Acquires 49,000 Shares of Stock Teton Advisors Inc. Has $4,428,000 Stake in HC2 Holdings Inc (HCHC) May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Teton Advisors Inc. continued to hold its position in HC2 Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:HCHC) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 714,117 shares of the technology company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Teton Advisors Inc. owned 1.70% of HC2 Holdings worth $4,428,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Whalerock Point Partners LLC purchased a new position in HC2 Holdings during the third quarter valued at about $5,887,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in HC2 Holdings by 396,958.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 861,617 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $4,696,000 after buying an additional 861,400 shares during the last quarter. Wingspan Investment Management LP raised its position in HC2 Holdings by 54.2% in the third quarter. Wingspan Investment Management LP now owns 2,255,239 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $12,291,000 after buying an additional 792,700 shares during the last quarter. Menta Capital LLC raised its position in HC2 Holdings by 92.9% in the fourth quarter. Menta Capital LLC now owns 473,666 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $2,809,000 after buying an additional 228,106 shares during the last quarter. Finally, B. Riley Financial Inc. raised its position in HC2 Holdings by 44.6% in the third quarter. B. Riley Financial Inc. now owns 564,359 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $3,075,000 after buying an additional 174,135 shares during the last quarter. Shares of HC2 Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:HCHC) traded down 0.36% during trading on Monday, hitting $5.46. 159,473 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm’s market cap is $228.99 million. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $5.96 and a 200 day moving average price of $5.64. HC2 Holdings Inc has a 12 month low of $3.80 and a 12 month high of $7.27. HC2 Holdings (NASDAQ:HCHC) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, March 8th. The technology company reported ($0.37) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.12) by $0.25. The firm had revenue of $454.01 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $395.16 million. Analysts anticipate that HC2 Holdings Inc will post ($0.68) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Teton Advisors Inc. Has $4,428,000 Stake in HC2 Holdings Inc (HCHC)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/teton-advisors-inc-has-4428000-stake-in-hc2-holdings-inc-hchc.html. Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of HC2 Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $9.00 price objective on shares of HC2 Holdings in a report on Sunday, March 12th. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HCHC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for HC2 Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:HCHC). Receive News & Ratings for HC2 Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HC2 Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships Activism Big Corporations Are Openly Backing Trump's Hate Agenda—Let's Boycott Them Americans can vote with their dollars to defend immigrants' rights every day. By Ilana Novick / AlterNet May 8, 2017 Print Comments May Day protest in New York City, 2017. Photo Credit: Ilana Novick "You must pick a side," Deborah Axt said of corporate America on a recent press call. "Either you stand with our communities or with hate." Axt, who is the co-executive director of immigration advocacy organization Make The Road New York, was launching Corporate Backers of Hate, a new campaign from Make The Road New York and the Center for Popular Democracy in collaboration with a coalition of other immigrant and labor advocacy organizations. The new campaign targets nine companies—JP Morgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs, IBM, Disney, Boeing, BlackRock, Uber, and Blackstone—that are close to the Trump administration and have a financial stake in his most abusive policies, particularly immigrant detention and attacks on workers' rights.  The campaign began with a website, where visitors can learn about the nine companies' labor practices and violations and their connections to private prisons and immigrant detention centers. Armed with that information, people can use the site to contact the companies and encourage them to withdraw their investments and refrain from bidding on the opportunity to participate in Trump's border wall construction. There will also be a social media strategy and an upcoming campaign to encourage cities and states to limit business dealings with the nine companies.  The site also has a calendar with opportunities to join upcoming direct actions at the companies' offices across the country, to further remind them that, as Ana Maria Archila, co-executive director of Center for Popular Democracy noted, "you are on notice... Trump's agenda is not just ideological, but economic. We want to make sure the public understands."  The organizers hope to make Americans aware of just how connected these companies are to the larger anti-immigration agenda, and just how easily one's hard-earned money can inadvertently go to corporations whose business practices hurt the most vulnerable. The Corporate Backers of Hate site clearly lays out the connections, making it much easier for consumers to fight back. Many Americans will have to wait until 2018 until they can vote for elected officials, but until then, they can vote with their dollars.  Axt explained that the success of these policies "depends heavily on how much collaboration [Trump] receives from companies willing to finance it." Taking inspiration from the success of the anti-Dakota Access Pipeline campaign, which convinced cities including Seattle to divest from companies that supported the project, Corporate Backers of Hate wants to expand public outcry against Trump to include the companies that make his agenda possible. As Matt Nelson, executive director of Presente, explains, now is the best time to extend the momentum of campaigns like GrabYourWallet, which helps consumers boycott Trump products: "Companies are at an all-time high of vulnerability to public pressures... this campaign marks a new phase of corporate accountability." After all, he notes, "Millions of people are taking daily action, demanding companies be very clear in not siding with Trump.  For example, JP Morgan Chase donated $500,000 to Trump's inaugural committee. Along with Wells Fargo, the two are among the largest financiers of America's largest private prison companies, the GEO Group and CoreCivic. BlackRock has an 11 percent stake in CoreCivic and a 12 percent stake in the GEO Group. Manuel A., a member of Make The Road New York, told reporters about escaping gang violence in El Salvador, only to come to America and face a two-month stay in a CoreCivic Facility inmates called the Ice Box, because it was kept so cold. Manuel said, "I felt like a criminal... did not have my freedom, could not see my family. [Prison staff] blocked my calls and I had to work inside [the] detention center and was paid $1 a day... That's not enough to pay a lawyer."  The direct actions began May 1, when 12 immigration advocates were arrested outside of JP Morgan's New York City headquarters. Those arrested included Center for Popular Democracy's Ana Maria Archila. The protesters carried signs saying "Our Profit, Our Pain” and chanted, “¡Chase, escucha, estamos en la lucha!” ("Chase, listen, we’re in the struggle!"). According to the organizers, this is the beginning of a nationwide series of direct actions, social media campaigns, and eventually, boycotts. All of the organizers acknowledged that in order to convince the companies to divest from private prisons and the looming border wall, it's not enough to appeal to their morals; one has to appeal to their bottom line. Just as Fox News fired Roger Ailes and Bill O'Reilly because they feared losing advertisers, the nine companies must be convinced that their profits will tank in order for the campaigns to make a difference. As Sulma Arias, immigration field director of Fair Immigration Reform Movement, says, "Every place they face the public, they will be held accountable. They should feel their brand is vulnerable any place they interact with the public." Ilana Novick is an AlterNet contributing writer and production editor.         Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg Kellyanne Conway's Response to Concerns that People Will Die Under the New Healthcare Bill: Insult Poor People David Edwards / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 05/07/2017 - 09:21 CNN's Top Legal Analyst: Trump's Tweet-Threat of Sally Yates Was 'Unprecedented' and 'Disturbing' Brad Reed / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 05/08/2017 - 11:09 Donald Trump's Breathtaking Ignorance Is Becoming More Evident with Each Passing Day David Cay Johnston / The Guardian Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 05/09/2017 - 07:16 These Are the Best Sources of Protein for Vegetarians and Vegans Jennifer Gueringer / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 05/07/2017 - 23:30 SNL Nails How Men Would Really React in 'The Handmaid's Tale' Jenny Pierson / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 05/07/2017 - 06:48 White Racism in America's Police Departments Is So Much Worse Than Most Americans Understand Jeff Pegues / Prometheus Books Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 05/08/2017 - 13:29 Here Are 24 of the Biggest Issues Facing the Country—And the DC Elites and Media Don't Bother Addressing Them Andrew J. Bacevich / TomDispatch Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 05/07/2017 - 08:50 Red-State Blue-State Divide Is Showing Up in Tourism: Stereotypes Are Keeping Liberals from Alabama Beaches April M. Short / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 05/07/2017 - 13:48 Big Corporations Are Openly Backing Trump's Hate Agenda—Let's Boycott Them Ilana Novick / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 05/08/2017 - 14:37 Paul Krugman: Under Trumpcare, Millions Will Lose Coverage, Many Will Die—and the GOP Will Try to Blame It on Liberals Ilana Novick / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 05/08/2017 - 06:12 Today's Top Stories Election 2016 8 Senators on Comey Firing: Democrats Are Determined to Find What Trump's Hiding, While Not All Republicans Run to Trump's Defense News & Politics Trump's Tuesday Night Massacre: Firing of Comey Reeks of Cover-Up How Comey Became Tangled in the U.S. Election—and Why It Led to His Downfall The Right Wing Donald Trump Is Radicalizing America's Court System Before Our Very Eyes News & Politics CNN Legal Analyst Unloads on Comey's Firing: 'This Is the Kind of Thing That Goes On in Non-Democracies' News & Politics The Stunning White House Coordination Around Comey's Firing Suggests Something Deeper Was at Work News & Politics Stephen Colbert Spotlights the Most Effective Democratic Attack Ad on Trumpcare and the GOP Yet News & Politics BREAKING: FBI Director James Comey Has Been Fired Activism Big Corporations Are Openly Backing Trump's Hate Agenda—Let's Boycott Them Activism Furious Protesters Descend on Paul Ryan Outside Harlem Charter School News & Politics Donald Trump's Breathtaking Ignorance Is Becoming More Evident with Each Passing Day News & Politics Trump's Monstrous Megadonor Has Some Twisted Ideas About When the U.S. Turned in the 'Wrong Direction' Did James Comey Lie Under Oath About Hillary's Emails to Huma Abedin? The Right Wing Despite Their Twisted Hero Fantasies, Republicans Are Basically Political Terrorists Destroying Lives News & Politics With Obamacare Under GOP Assault, New York Could Fight Back with Single-Payer News & Politics Paul Ryan Made a Big Mistake Whining to Seth Meyers About His Trumpcare Coverage Drugs Trump Threatens to Defy Congress to Go After Medical Marijuana News & Politics Republican Candidate in Georgia Runoff Refuses Debate After Learning It Will Be Open to the Public Drugs Has Western Medicine Completely Botched Painkillers? News & Politics Jimmy Kimmel's Emotional Health Care Plea Appears to Have Won Over One Republican Senator News & Politics Bernie Sanders Has a Huge Admirer and Supporter in Jimmy Carter Yates Warned White House Flynn ‘Could Be Blackmailed’ Personal Health Anti-Vax Propaganda Helps Measles—Once Eradicated—Spread Across the Twin Cities Privatized For-Profit Immigrant Detention Centers Are a 'Living Nightmare,' Investigation Shows News & Politics Trump Voters Are Willing to Be Conned as Long as He Deports Immigrants and Bombs the World Economy Can Anyone Find an Economist Who Thinks Trump's Tax Cuts Will Pay for Themselves? News & Politics WATCH: Sally Yates Humiliates Ted Cruz After He Tried to Corner Her on the Muslim Ban News & Politics Time for a Trump Carnage Index Environment Trump Misled Americans by Making False Claims About Paris Climate Agreement Labor Why We Have Such a Love-Hate Relationship With Work FARK HEADLINES News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals 8 Senators on Comey Firing: Democrats Are Determined to Find What Trump's Hiding, While Not All Republicans Run to Trump's Defense Documents Reveal a Powerful, Secretive Foundation’s Blueprint for Spreading Right-Wing Ideology, State by State Furious Protesters Descend on Paul Ryan Outside Harlem Charter School ◀ Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Subscribe Login
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance United Fire Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for United Fire Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News World Asset Management Inc Boosts Position in Koninklijke Philips NV (PHG) Altra Industrial Motion Corp (AIMC) Position Lowered by Connable Office Inc. Trust Co. of Virginia VA Takes Position in Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) World Asset Management Inc Has $1.658 Million Position in Korea Electric Power Co. (KEP) Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Position Maintained by Staley Capital Advisers Inc. Masonite International Corp (DOOR) Stake Held by Connable Office Inc. Morse Asset Management Inc Buys New Stake in Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) World Asset Management Inc Has $1.923 Million Stake in Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) Connable Office Inc. Has $295,000 Position in Cabot Corp (CBT) Connable Office Inc. Has $284,000 Stake in United Fire Group, Inc. (UFCS) World Asset Management Inc Acquires 1,765 Shares of Manulife Financial Co. (MFC) West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. (WST) Stake Decreased by Connable Office Inc. World Asset Management Inc Acquires 2,045 Shares of Infosys Ltd (INFY) Manchester United PLC (MANU) Stake Held by Connable Office Inc. HD Supply Holdings Inc (HDS) Shares Sold by Connable Office Inc. Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Receives GBX 1,604.53 Average Target Price from Brokerages RPM International Inc. (RPM) Receives $59.25 Average Target Price from Analysts US Foods Holding Corp (USFD) Receives $28.61 Average Price Target from Brokerages Kosmos Energy Ltd (KOS) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Gildan Activewear (GIL) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Study Finds Connable Office Inc. Has $284,000 Stake in United Fire Group, Inc. (UFCS) May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Connable Office Inc. maintained its position in shares of United Fire Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:UFCS) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 6,639 shares of the insurance provider’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Connable Office Inc.’s holdings in United Fire Group were worth $284,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Capital One National Association increased its position in shares of United Fire Group by 2.0% in the third quarter. Capital One National Association now owns 16,838 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $713,000 after buying an additional 325 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of United Fire Group by 5.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 82,996 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $3,512,000 after buying an additional 4,609 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC increased its position in shares of United Fire Group by 1.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 99,704 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $4,219,000 after buying an additional 980 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. increased its position in shares of United Fire Group by 3.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 6,196 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $262,000 after buying an additional 202 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of United Fire Group by 10.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,518,486 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $64,262,000 after buying an additional 147,567 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 60.23% of the company’s stock. Shares of United Fire Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:UFCS) traded up 0.47% during trading on Monday, reaching $42.91. 71,368 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. United Fire Group, Inc. has a 52 week low of $37.54 and a 52 week high of $50.75. The company’s 50-day moving average is $42.92 and its 200 day moving average is $44.58. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.08 billion, a PE ratio of 23.53 and a beta of 0.40. United Fire Group (NASDAQ:UFCS) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The insurance provider reported $0.67 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.83 by $0.16. United Fire Group had a net margin of 6.19% and a return on equity of 6.95%. The company had revenue of $279.11 million for the quarter. On average, analysts forecast that United Fire Group, Inc. will post $1.88 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Connable Office Inc. Has $284,000 Stake in United Fire Group, Inc. (UFCS)” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/connable-office-inc-has-284000-stake-in-united-fire-group-inc-ufcs.html. Separately, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “market perform” rating and set a $44.00 price objective on shares of United Fire Group in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. About United Fire Group United Fire Group, Inc, formerly United Fire & Casualty Company, is engaged in the business of writing property and casualty insurance and life insurance and selling annuities. The Company operates in two segments: property and casualty insurance, and life insurance. The Company’s property and casualty insurance segment consists of commercial lines insurance, including surety bonds, personal lines insurance and assumed insurance. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UFCS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for United Fire Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:UFCS). Receive News & Ratings for United Fire Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for United Fire Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fibria Celulose SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fibria Celulose SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Asset Management Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $24.723 Million Stake in Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc (PTLA) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Raises Stake in athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $26.123 Million Position in TIM Participacoes SA (TSU) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $27.215 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Maintains Position in Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Buys 112,062 Shares of Solaredge Technologies Inc (SEDG) TESARO Inc (TSRO) Position Cut by Handelsbanken Fonder AB Handelsbanken Fonder AB Purchases 21,496 Shares of First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Continues to Hold Position in Aramark (ARMK) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Acquires New Position in Weibo Corp (WB) Fibria Celulose SA (FBR) Stake Cut by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Handelsbanken Fonder AB Purchases New Position in Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Takes Position in Momo Inc (MOMO) Wayfair Inc (W) Insider Sells $73,125.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Vereit Inc (VER) Insider Buys 10,000 Shares of Stock Arnold Klassen Purchases 10,000 Shares of Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd (KL) Stock Talen Energy Corp (TLN) Debt Trading 1.3% Higher Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Hope Bancorp Inc (HOPE) to Announce $0.33 Earnings Per Share Analysts Anticipate Plug Power Inc (PLUG) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.07 Per Share Fibria Celulose SA (FBR) Stake Cut by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Pictet Asset Management Ltd. decreased its stake in Fibria Celulose SA (NYSE:FBR) by 34.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 3,062,887 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after selling 1,640,586 shares during the period. Pictet Asset Management Ltd. owned about 0.55% of Fibria Celulose SA worth $27,995,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH purchased a new position in Fibria Celulose SA during the third quarter valued at approximately $327,000. Capital Fund Management S.A. raised its position in Fibria Celulose SA by 86.2% in the third quarter. Capital Fund Management S.A. now owns 138,248 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $977,000 after buying an additional 63,994 shares during the last quarter. First Trust Advisors LP raised its position in Fibria Celulose SA by 90.5% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 22,939 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $162,000 after buying an additional 10,896 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Fibria Celulose SA by 234.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 96,255 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $679,000 after buying an additional 67,485 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Grace & White Inc. NY raised its position in Fibria Celulose SA by 26.8% in the third quarter. Grace & White Inc. NY now owns 714,831 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $5,054,000 after buying an additional 151,050 shares during the last quarter. 6.31% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Fibria Celulose SA (NYSE:FBR) traded up 0.22% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $9.11. The stock had a trading volume of 1,067,030 shares. The company has a market cap of $5.04 billion, a PE ratio of 15.98 and a beta of 0.46. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $9.09 and its 200 day moving average price is $8.94. Fibria Celulose SA has a one year low of $5.79 and a one year high of $10.24. Fibria Celulose SA (NYSE:FBR) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The basic materials company reported $0.19 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.27 by $0.08. Fibria Celulose SA had a return on equity of 9.28% and a net margin of 15.97%. The firm had revenue of $663.26 million for the quarter. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Fibria Celulose SA will post $0.17 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared an annual dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be given a $0.204 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 10th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Fibria Celulose SA (FBR) Stake Cut by Pictet Asset Management Ltd.” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/fibria-celulose-sa-fbr-stake-cut-by-pictet-asset-management-ltd.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Fibria Celulose SA from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $11.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Fibria Celulose SA Company Profile Fibria Celulose SA (Fibria) is a forestry company, which is engaged in the production of eucalyptus pulp. The Company is engaged in the production and sale of short fiber pulp from its pulp production facilities located in the cities of Aracruz (State of Espirito Santo), Tres Lagoas (State of Mato Grosso do Sul), Jacarei (State of Sao Paulo) and Eunapolis (State of Bahia). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FBR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Fibria Celulose SA (NYSE:FBR). Receive News & Ratings for Fibria Celulose SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fibria Celulose SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Asset Management Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $24.723 Million Stake in Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc (PTLA) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Raises Stake in athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $26.123 Million Position in TIM Participacoes SA (TSU) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $27.215 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Maintains Position in Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Buys 112,062 Shares of Solaredge Technologies Inc (SEDG) TESARO Inc (TSRO) Position Cut by Handelsbanken Fonder AB Handelsbanken Fonder AB Purchases 21,496 Shares of First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Continues to Hold Position in Aramark (ARMK) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Acquires New Position in Weibo Corp (WB) Fibria Celulose SA (FBR) Stake Cut by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Handelsbanken Fonder AB Purchases New Position in Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Takes Position in Momo Inc (MOMO) Wayfair Inc (W) Insider Sells $73,125.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Vereit Inc (VER) Insider Buys 10,000 Shares of Stock Arnold Klassen Purchases 10,000 Shares of Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd (KL) Stock Talen Energy Corp (TLN) Debt Trading 1.3% Higher Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Hope Bancorp Inc (HOPE) to Announce $0.33 Earnings Per Share Analysts Anticipate Plug Power Inc (PLUG) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.07 Per Share Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Maintains Position in Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM) May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Pictet Asset Management Ltd. maintained its stake in Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (NYSE:BFAM) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 383,029 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Pictet Asset Management Ltd. owned about 0.64% of Bright Horizons Family Solutions worth $27,766,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in BFAM. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions by 8.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,130,104 shares of the company’s stock worth $75,593,000 after buying an additional 84,679 shares during the period. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank raised its stake in shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions by 142.0% in the third quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 231,686 shares of the company’s stock worth $15,497,000 after buying an additional 135,962 shares during the period. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions by 5.1% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 190,757 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,760,000 after buying an additional 9,198 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions during the fourth quarter worth about $886,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions by 373.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 12,959 shares of the company’s stock worth $867,000 after buying an additional 10,221 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 99.98% of the company’s stock. Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (NYSE:BFAM) traded up 0.76% on Monday, hitting $80.04. 229,726 shares of the company were exchanged. Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc has a 52-week low of $59.00 and a 52-week high of $81.23. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.74 billion, a P/E ratio of 43.69 and a beta of 0.16. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $72.66 and its 200-day moving average price is $70.09. Bright Horizons Family Solutions (NYSE:BFAM) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $0.58 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.53 by $0.05. Bright Horizons Family Solutions had a return on equity of 17.57% and a net margin of 6.04%. The firm had revenue of $422 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $422.32 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.51 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 9.5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc will post $2.54 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/pictet-asset-management-ltd-maintains-position-in-bright-horizons-family-solutions-inc-bfam.html. A number of brokerages have issued reports on BFAM. Royal Bank of Canada set a $78.00 price objective on shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, January 21st. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $80.00 price objective on shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, February 11th. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $83.00 price objective on shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions in a report on Friday. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Finally, William Blair reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Bright Horizons Family Solutions in a report on Friday, February 10th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $77.86. In other Bright Horizons Family Solutions news, CAO Mandy Berman sold 3,697 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.14, for a total value of $251,913.58. Following the completion of the sale, the chief accounting officer now directly owns 24,765 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,687,487.10. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, President Stephen Howard Kramer sold 6,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.71, for a total value of $418,260.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 90,528 shares of company stock valued at $6,575,160. 4.00% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Bright Horizons Family Solutions Company Profile Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc is a provider of child care, early education and other services. The Company provides services under multi-year contracts with employers offering child care and other dependent care solutions as part of their employee benefits packages. Its segments include full service center-based care services, back-up dependent care services and other educational advisory services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BFAM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (NYSE:BFAM). Receive News & Ratings for Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Newell Brands Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News DA Davidson Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for VTTI Energy Partners LP (VTTI) AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform at CIBC Anthera Pharmaceuticals Inc (ANTH) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Newell Brands Inc (NWL) PT Set at $51.00 by BMO Capital Markets Gulfport Energy Co. (GPOR) PT Set at $29.00 by Scotiabank Zoetis Inc Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.50 Per Share (ZTS) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Koppers Holdings Inc. Lowered by Analyst (KOP) Semafo Inc. (SMF) PT Set at C$5.25 by Scotiabank Strad Energy Services Ltd (SDY) PT Lowered to C$2.10 Royal Bank of Canada Raises Russel Metals Inc (RUS) Price Target to C$32.00 Rogers Sugar Inc (RSI) Earns Hold Rating from TD Securities Genworth MI Canada’s (MIC) Outperform Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Transcontinental Realty Investors Inc (TCI) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Turning Point Brands Inc (TPB) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday TD Securities Reaffirms Buy Rating for Richmont Mines Inc. (RIC) Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) Trading Down 13.2% Following Weak Earnings Newell Brands Inc (NWL) Stock Price Up 11.9% Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Semafo’s (SMF) Buy Rating Reiterated at TD Securities Superior Plus Corp.’s (SPB) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at TD Securities Slate Retail REIT (SRT.UN) Price Target Raised to C$16.00 Newell Brands Inc (NWL) PT Set at $51.00 by BMO Capital Markets May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Newell Brands Inc (NYSE:NWL) received a $51.00 price objective from stock analysts at BMO Capital Markets in a note issued to investors on Monday. The firm currently has a “hold” rating on the stock. BMO Capital Markets’ price target would suggest a potential downside of 3.56% from the stock’s current price. A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Wells Fargo & Co lowered shares of Newell Brands from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and set a $50.00 price target for the company. in a report on Monday, May 1st. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and set a $50.00 price target (down from $52.00) on shares of Newell Brands in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. B. Riley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $71.00 price target on shares of Newell Brands in a report on Friday, April 14th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Newell Brands from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $52.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Newell Brands in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $63.00 price target for the company. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $57.93. Newell Brands (NYSE:NWL) opened at 52.88 on Monday. Newell Brands has a 52 week low of $43.43 and a 52 week high of $55.45. The company’s 50 day moving average is $47.14 and its 200-day moving average is $47.44. The firm has a market cap of $25.51 billion, a P/E ratio of 42.37 and a beta of 0.94. Newell Brands (NYSE:NWL) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The company reported $0.34 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.29 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $3.27 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.23 billion. Newell Brands had a net margin of 3.98% and a return on equity of 13.59%. The business’s revenue was up 148.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.40 EPS. Equities analysts expect that Newell Brands will post $3.07 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, May 31st will be issued a $0.23 dividend. This is a positive change from Newell Brands’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.19. This represents a $0.92 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.74%. Newell Brands’s payout ratio is 64.96%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/newell-brands-inc-nwl-pt-set-at-51-00-by-bmo-capital-markets.html. In other news, Director Steven J. Strobel sold 5,353 shares of Newell Brands stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $49.38, for a total value of $264,331.14. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 53,065 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,620,349.70. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, Director Martin E. Franklin sold 340,000 shares of Newell Brands stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $48.34, for a total transaction of $16,435,600.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 4,840,926 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $234,010,362.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.66% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of NWL. Pacer Advisors Inc. raised its position in Newell Brands by 3.3% in the first quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. now owns 9,956 shares of the company’s stock valued at $470,000 after buying an additional 315 shares during the period. Mason Street Advisors LLC raised its position in Newell Brands by 1.0% in the first quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC now owns 66,664 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,145,000 after buying an additional 674 shares during the period. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. raised its position in Newell Brands by 28.3% in the first quarter. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. now owns 509,803 shares of the company’s stock valued at $24,049,000 after buying an additional 112,555 shares during the period. Hancock Holding Co. acquired a new position in Newell Brands during the first quarter valued at approximately $573,000. Finally, Savant Capital LLC raised its position in Newell Brands by 1.9% in the first quarter. Savant Capital LLC now owns 4,868 shares of the company’s stock valued at $230,000 after buying an additional 90 shares during the period. 93.22% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Newell Brands Company Profile Newell Brands Inc is a marketer of consumer and commercial products. The Company’s segments include Writing, Home Solutions, Commercial Products, Baby & Parenting, Branded Consumables, Consumer Solutions, Outdoor Solutions and Process Solutions. Its products are marketed under a portfolio of brands, including Paper Mate, Sharpie, Dymo, Expo, Parker, Elmer’s, Coleman, Jostens, Marmot, Rawlings, Mr. Receive News & Ratings for Newell Brands Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Newell Brands Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) Trading Down 13.2% Following Weak Earnings Newell Brands Inc (NWL) Stock Price Up 11.9% Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Semafo’s (SMF) Buy Rating Reiterated at TD Securities Superior Plus Corp.’s (SPB) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at TD Securities Slate Retail REIT (SRT.UN) Price Target Raised to C$16.00 Theratechnologies Inc (TH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by National Bank Financial TD Securities Reaffirms Buy Rating for Western Forest Products Inc (WEF) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Lowers ZCL Composites Inc. (ZCL) to Market Perform Wi-LAN Inc (WIN) Rating Reiterated by CIBC Uni Select Inc (UNS) Earns Market Perform Rating from BMO Capital Markets Cormark Research Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Pembina Pipeline Corp (PPL) National Bank Financial Research Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Interfor Corp (IFP) Analysts Set Expectations for Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SUPN) Allied Properties Real Estate Investment (AP.UN) Price Target Raised to C$37.00 Nestle SA (NESN) Given a CHF 84 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) PT Raised to C$12.50 CIGNA Co. (CI) Hits New 52-Week High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Enerplus Corp (ERF) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat Geron Co. (GERN) Posts Earnings Results, Meets Expectations ON Semiconductor Corp (ON) Shares Sold by Ameriprise Financial Inc. Newell Brands Inc (NWL) Stock Price Up 11.9% Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Newell Brands Inc (NYSE:NWL) traded up 11.9% during mid-day trading on Monday after the company announced better than expected quarterly earnings. The company traded as high as $52.87 and last traded at $51.93, with a volume of 14,279,519 shares traded. The stock had previously closed at $46.39. The company reported $0.34 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.29 by $0.05. Newell Brands had a return on equity of 13.59% and a net margin of 3.98%. The firm had revenue of $3.27 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.23 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.40 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 148.4% on a year-over-year basis. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, May 31st will be paid a $0.23 dividend. This represents a $0.92 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.74%. This is a positive change from Newell Brands’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.19. Newell Brands’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 64.96%. A number of analysts have issued reports on the company. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $61.00 price target on shares of Newell Brands in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Wells Fargo & Co reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Newell Brands in a research note on Saturday, April 22nd. Barclays PLC set a $60.00 price target on Newell Brands and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Newell Brands from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 20th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Newell Brands in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $63.00 price target on the stock. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $57.93. In other news, Director Martin E. Franklin sold 340,000 shares of Newell Brands stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $48.34, for a total value of $16,435,600.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 4,840,926 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $234,010,362.84. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Steven J. Strobel sold 5,353 shares of Newell Brands stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $49.38, for a total value of $264,331.14. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 53,065 shares in the company, valued at $2,620,349.70. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.66% of the company’s stock. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Parallel Advisors LLC bought a new position in Newell Brands during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $105,000. Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. bought a new position in Newell Brands during the first quarter valued at approximately $186,000. Zions Bancorporation raised its position in Newell Brands by 1.6% in the fourth quarter. Zions Bancorporation now owns 4,426 shares of the company’s stock valued at $198,000 after buying an additional 68 shares during the period. Waldron LP bought a new position in Newell Brands during the first quarter valued at approximately $206,000. Finally, CSS LLC IL bought a new position in Newell Brands during the third quarter valued at approximately $210,000. 93.22% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. The company has a 50-day moving average of $47.14 and a 200-day moving average of $47.44. The company has a market cap of $25.51 billion, a PE ratio of 42.37 and a beta of 0.94. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/newell-brands-inc-nwl-stock-price-up-11-9-following-better-than-expected-earnings.html. Newell Brands Company Profile Newell Brands Inc is a marketer of consumer and commercial products. The Company’s segments include Writing, Home Solutions, Commercial Products, Baby & Parenting, Branded Consumables, Consumer Solutions, Outdoor Solutions and Process Solutions. Its products are marketed under a portfolio of brands, including Paper Mate, Sharpie, Dymo, Expo, Parker, Elmer’s, Coleman, Jostens, Marmot, Rawlings, Mr. Receive News & Ratings for Newell Brands Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
BREAKING NEWS: Toyota says annual profit drops 21pc, first fall in five years … Gray hair, baldness now curable! … Bangladesh tea prices dip for second week … Asia stocks rise for 3rd day on earnings; dollar stalls on Comey sacking … Dollar slips after Trump fires FBI director … China yuan firms, state banks' dollar sales offset much weaker midpoint … Tokyo stocks up by break, company earnings in focus … China's Xi applauds S.Korea's Moon on election win … Trump to host Lavrov at White House on Wednesday … Here comes the purge … Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper AAJ Live Home »Markets » Equity » Asia » Asia stocks rise for 3rd day on earnings; dollar stalls on Comey sacking Asia Asia stocks rise for 3rd day on earnings; dollar stalls on Comey sacking Imaduddin May 10th, 2017 10:02 0 HONG KONG: Asian stocks edged higher for a third consecutive day on Wednesday as investors focused on strong corporate earnings and the dollar gave back some of its recent gains after a rise in political tensions. U.S. President Donald Trump's abrupt dismissal of FBI Director James Comey prompted some unwinding of risky bets in early Asian trading but strategists said investors were cheered by a strong slate of corporate earnings, reflecting the cyclical rebound in the first quarter of 2017 was still in place. "Markets are setting aside the many policy changes seen from the Trump administration and focusing on the improvement in corporate performance and that should support sentiment," said Tai Hui, chief Asia market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management in Hong Kong. With results in for the majority of the companies on the S&P 500, estimated Q1 earnings growth is now at 14.5 percent, highest since Q3 of 2011, Thomson Reuters data shows with roughly 75 pct of companies are beating analysts' expectations. That has helped Asia as well, with 12-month forward earnings per share for the MSCI index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rising to its highest level in more than three years. "Strong corporate earnings are supporting risk sentiment in the Asian equity markets," said Fan Cheuk Wan, head of investment strategy and advisory at HSBC Private Banking. MSCI's Asia ex Japan index was flat after posting modest gains in the previous session. It hit a two-year high last week. Korean stocks led losers as investors took profits after South Korea's liberal leader Moon Jae-in was elected president while losses in Australia's big banks weighed on the broader market after the government levied taxes on the lenders to help balance the budget. and Markets were also relieved when U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross signalled the Trump administration would attempt to use existing tools to aggressively enforce trade rules and insist on fairer treatment for U.S. goods, rather than adopt the slash-and-burn approach Trump promoted on the campaign trail in 2016. In currencies, the dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major currencies, slipped 0.2 percent to 99.424, moving away from a three-week high of 99.688. Rising U.S. yields propped up the dollar to its strongest level against the Japanese yen in two months at 114.32 in the previous session but it gave back some of those gains after Trump fired FBI Director Comey in a move that shocked Washington. It was last changing hands at 113.76 per dollar, while yields on benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury notes were lurking near their highest levels since end-March at 2.39 percent. But some market analysts pointed out with market volatility indicators hitting record lows -- the VIX indicator fell overnight to 9.56, its lowest since late 2006 -- the likelihood of a large move in financial markets has grown. "Geopolitics and the divergence of policy have not gone away," Marc Chandler, global head of FX strategy wrote in a daily note. "It is a reminder that we are often lulled into complacency just before being shocked by how treacherous things really are." Fed funds futures pricing showed investors almost universally expect the Federal Reserve to raise U.S. overnight interest rates at its next meeting, with close to a 90 percent perceived chance of an increase next month. Brent crude futures rose more than 0.5 percent to $49.03 per barrel after Reuters reported Saudi Arabia would cut supplies to the Asia region to maintain supply to meet rising domestic demand for power during the summer months. OPEC is battling against rising U.S. output that is threatening to derail its attempts to end a sustained global glut in crude. Gold advanced modestly to $1221.90 ounce, breaking a two-week long losing streak. Copyright Reuters, 2017 Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Imaduddin Previous Dollar slips after Trump fires FBI director Next Bangladesh tea prices dip for second week Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Close Top
X Edition: United Kingdom Business Business Home Deals Aerospace & Defence Autos Banks Central Banks Reuters Summits Business Video Markets Markets Home UK Markets European Markets Market Analysis Global Market Data Stocks Earnings FXpert Currencies Commodities Funds World World Home Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Germany France U.S. China Middle East Africa Russia India Japan World Video UK UK Home General Election 2017 Economy Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Money Money Home Analyst Research Fund Screener Commentary Commentary Home Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Sport Sport Home Football Formula One Tennis Cricket Golf Rugby Union Sport Video Life Lifestyle Home Health Environment Entertainment Arts Oddly Enough Lifestyle Video Entertainment Video Environment Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Asia stocks rise for third day on earnings; dollar stalls on Comey sacking Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Wed May 10, 2017 | 6:27am BST Asia stocks rise for third day on earnings; dollar stalls on Comey sacking FILE PHOTO: A woman takes pictures of a display showing market indices outside a brokerage in Tokyo, Japan, February 10, 2016. REUTERS/Thomas Peter By Saikat Chatterjee | HONG KONG HONG KONG Asian stocks edged higher for a third consecutive day on Wednesday as investors focused on strong corporate earnings and the dollar gave back some of its recent gains. U.S. President Donald Trump's abrupt dismissal of FBI Director James Comey prompted some unwinding of risky bets in early Asian trading but strategists said investors were cheered by a strong slate of corporate earnings, reflecting the cyclical rebound in the first quarter of 2017 was still in place. European stocks are set to follow Asia's example, with major indices set for a broadly flat start according to index futures. "Markets are setting aside the many policy changes seen from the Trump administration and focusing on the improvement in corporate performance and that should support sentiment," said Tai Hui, chief Asia market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management in Hong Kong. With results in for the majority of the companies on the S&P 500, estimated Q1 earnings growth is now at 14.5 percent, highest since Q3 of 2011, Thomson Reuters data shows with roughly 75 pct of companies are beating analysts' expectations. That has helped Asia as well, with 12-month forward earnings per share for the MSCI index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rising to its highest level in more than three years. "Strong corporate earnings are supporting risk sentiment in the Asian equity markets, said Fan Cheuk Wan, head of investment strategy and advisory at HSBC Private Banking. MSCI's Asia ex Japan index rose 0.3 percent after posting modest gains in the previous session. It hit a two-year high last week. South Korean stocks led losers as investors took profits after liberal leader Moon Jae-in was elected president, while losses in Australia's big banks weighed on the broader market after the government levied taxes on the lenders to help balance the budget. and Chinese stocks edged higher, shrugging off news that showed April's producer price inflation cooled more than expected, with investors stepping into the market to scoop up bargains after a recent fall. Markets were also relieved when U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross signalled the Trump administration would attempt to use existing tools to aggressively enforce trade rules and insist on fairer treatment for U.S. goods, rather than adopt the slash-and-burn approach Trump promoted on the campaign trail in 2016. In currencies, the dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major currencies, was flat at 99.435, moving away from a three-week high of 99.688. Rising U.S. yields propped up the dollar to its strongest level against the Japanese yen in two months at 114.32 in the previous session but it gave back some of those gains after Trump fired FBI Director Comey in a move that shocked Washington. It was last changing hands at 113.76 per dollar, while yields on benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury notes were lurking near their highest levels since end-March at 2.39 percent. But some market analysts pointed out with market volatility indicators hitting record lows -- the VIX indicator fell overnight to 9.56, its lowest since late 2006 -- the likelihood of a large move in financial markets has grown. "Geopolitics and the divergence of policy have not gone away," Marc Chandler, global head of FX strategy wrote in a daily note. "It is a reminder that we are often lulled into complacency just before being shocked by how treacherous things really are." Fed funds futures pricing showed investors almost universally expect the Federal Reserve to raise U.S. overnight interest rates at its next meeting, with close to a 90 percent perceived chance of an increase next month. Brent crude futures rose more than 0.5 percent to $49.03 per barrel after Reuters reported Saudi Arabia would cut supplies to the Asia region to maintain supply to meet rising domestic demand for power during the summer months. OPEC is battling against rising U.S. output that is threatening to derail its attempts to end a sustained global glut of crude. Gold advanced modestly to $1221.90 ounce, breaking a two-week long losing streak. (Reporting by Saikat Chatterjee; Editing by Eric Meijer) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News Toyota forecasts 20 percent FY operating profit drop on higher marketing expenses TOKYO Toyota Motor Corp forecast on Wednesday a 20 percent fall in operating profit this year as the world's second largest automaker expects global vehicle sales to remain largely flat while it expects increased expenses from marketing activities. Amazon trounces rivals in battle of the shopping 'bots' SAN FRANCISCO Earlier this year, engineers at Wal-Mart Stores Inc who track rivals' prices online got a rude surprise: the technology they were using to check Amazon.com several million times a day suddenly stopped working. Barratt sees profits at top of range despite flat completions LONDON Britain's biggest builder Barratt said on Wednesday it expected 2016/17 pre-tax profit to meet the top end of market expectations despite building barely any more homes than in the last financial year. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance aTyr Pharma Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for aTyr Pharma Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Gold Resource (GORO) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.16 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact International Paper (IP) Stock Price LeMaitre Vascular (LMAT) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Oncomed Pharmaceuticals (OMED) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Gigamon (GIMO) Share Price Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Fresh Del Monte Produce (FDP) Share Price -$0.55 Earnings Per Share Expected for aTyr Pharma Inc (LIFE) This Quarter $0.12 EPS Expected for Cogent Communications Holdings Inc (CCOI) This Quarter Steven Madden, Ltd. (SHOO) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.44 Per Share AmTrust Financial Services Inc (AFSI) Shares Bought by Denver Investment Advisors LLC Denver Investment Advisors LLC Cuts Stake in Valley National Bancorp (VLY) Denver Investment Advisors LLC Reduces Position in The GEO Group Inc (GEO) First Midwest Bancorp Inc (FMBI) Shares Bought by Denver Investment Advisors LLC Denver Investment Advisors LLC Reduces Position in Wintrust Financial Corp (WTFC) Gartner Inc (IT) Shares Sold by Texas Permanent School Fund Texas Permanent School Fund Sells 278 Shares of Domino's Pizza, Inc. (DPZ) Texas Permanent School Fund Cuts Position in Trimble Inc (TRMB) Westar Energy Inc (WR) Shares Sold by Texas Permanent School Fund Mosaic Family Wealth LLC Reduces Stake in Mplx Lp (MPLX) Texas Permanent School Fund Lowers Position in Arrow Electronics, Inc. (ARW) -$0.55 Earnings Per Share Expected for aTyr Pharma Inc (LIFE) This Quarter May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street analysts forecast that aTyr Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:LIFE) will report earnings per share of ($0.55) for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Zero analysts have made estimates for aTyr Pharma’s earnings. The highest EPS estimate is ($0.49) and the lowest is ($0.61). aTyr Pharma reported earnings per share of ($0.68) in the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year over year growth rate of 19.1%. The company is expected to announce its next earnings report on Wednesday, May 10th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that aTyr Pharma will report full-year earnings of ($2.33) per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($2.49) to ($2.17). For the next fiscal year, analysts expect that the firm will post earnings of ($3.54) per share, with EPS estimates ranging from ($3.59) to ($3.48). Zacks’ EPS averages are an average based on a survey of analysts that cover aTyr Pharma. A number of research firms recently weighed in on LIFE. BMO Capital Markets set a $4.00 target price on shares of aTyr Pharma and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, March 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of aTyr Pharma in a report on Saturday, March 18th. Finally, Citigroup Inc increased their price target on shares of aTyr Pharma from $3.00 to $4.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, March 20th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/0-55-earnings-per-share-expected-for-atyr-pharma-inc-life-this-quarter.html. Shares of aTyr Pharma (NASDAQ:LIFE) traded down 4.55% on Tuesday, reaching $3.15. 36,772 shares of the company were exchanged. aTyr Pharma has a 12-month low of $2.10 and a 12-month high of $4.45. The stock’s market capitalization is $74.81 million. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $3.31 and a 200-day moving average price of $3.12. A hedge fund recently raised its stake in aTyr Pharma stock. Alyeska Investment Group L.P. increased its position in aTyr Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:LIFE) by 3.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 1,072,108 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock after buying an additional 31,973 shares during the period. Alyeska Investment Group L.P. owned approximately 4.52% of aTyr Pharma worth $2,305,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 44.84% of the company’s stock. About aTyr Pharma aTyr Pharma, Inc is a clinical-stage biotherapeutics company. The Company is engaged in the discovery and clinical development of medicines for patients suffering from severe, rare diseases using its Physiocrine biology, a discovered set of physiological modulators. The Company focuses on the development of Physiocrine-based therapeutics for the treatment of rare diseases, including facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy (FSHD) and limb-girdle muscular dystrophy (LGMD) 2B. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on aTyr Pharma (LIFE) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for aTyr Pharma Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for aTyr Pharma Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kapil Mishra Emmanuel Macron Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Bahubali 2 News Business News GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia stocks rise for 3rd day on earnings; dlr stalls on Comey sacking Shares1 Wed, 10 May 2017-09:15am , Reuters Asian stocks edged higher for a third consecutive day on Wednesday as investors focused on strong corporate earnings and the dollar gave back some of its recent gains after a rise in political tensions. U.S. President Donald Trump's abrupt dismissal of FBI Director James Comey prompted some unwinding of risky bets in early Asian trading but strategists said investors were cheered by a strong slate of corporate earnings, reflecting the cyclical rebound in the first quarter of 2017 was still in place. "Markets are setting aside the many policy changes seen from the Trump administration and focusing on the improvement in corporate performance and that should support sentiment," said Tai Hui, chief Asia market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management in Hong Kong. With results in for the majority of the companies on the S&P 500, estimated Q1 earnings growth is now at 14.5 percent, highest since Q3 of 2011, Thomson Reuters data shows with roughly 75 pct of companies are beating analysts' expectations. That has helped Asia as well, with 12-month forward earnings per share for the MSCI index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rising to its highest level in more than three years. "Strong corporate earnings are supporting risk sentiment in the Asian equity markets," said Fan Cheuk Wan, head of investment strategy and advisory at HSBC Private Banking. MSCI's Asia ex Japan index was flat after posting modest gains in the previous session. It hit a two-year high last week. Korean stocks led losers as investors took profits after South Korea's liberal leader Moon Jae-in was elected president while losses in Australia's big banks weighed on the broader market after the government levied taxes on the lenders to help balance the budget. and Markets were also relieved when U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross signalled the Trump administration would attempt to use existing tools to aggressively enforce trade rules and insist on fairer treatment for U.S. goods, rather than adopt the slash-and-burn approach Trump promoted on the campaign trail in 2016. In currencies, the dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major currencies, slipped 0.2 percent to 99.424, moving away from a three-week high of 99.688. Rising U.S. yields propped up the dollar to its strongest level against the Japanese yen in two months at 114.32 in the previous session but it gave back some of those gains after Trump fired FBI Director Comey in a move that shocked Washington. It was last changing hands at 113.76 per dollar, while yields on benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury notes were lurking near their highest levels since end-March at 2.39 percent. But some market analysts pointed out with market volatility indicators hitting record lows -- the VIX indicator fell overnight to 9.56, its lowest since late 2006 -- the likelihood of a large move in financial markets has grown. "Geopolitics and the divergence of policy have not gone away," Marc Chandler, global head of FX strategy wrote in a daily note. "It is a reminder that we are often lulled into complacency just before being shocked by how treacherous things really are." Fed funds futures pricing showed investors almost universally expect the Federal Reserve to raise U.S. overnight interest rates at its next meeting, with close to a 90 percent perceived chance of an increase next month. Brent crude futures rose more than 0.5 percent to $49.03 per barrel after Reuters reported Saudi Arabia would cut supplies to the Asia region to maintain supply to meet rising domestic demand for power during the summer months. OPEC is battling against rising U.S. output that is threatening to derail its attempts to end a sustained global glut in crude. Gold advanced modestly to $1221.90 ounce, breaking a two-week long losing streak. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Dollar slips after Donald Trump fires FBI director James Comey Money After Cognizant, Wipro, now Infosys to lay off employees Money IndiGo Q4 profit slides 25% to Rs 440 crore on higher costs Money Marketers need to catch up with 80% app users Money Havells completes Lloyd Consumer acquisition Money Financial planning for your child’s future Related Asian stocks set on edge by James Comey dismissal, North Korea tensions Asia stocks, dollar subdued as market seeks next catalyst, oil rises India to grow 7.5% next year on higher infra spending: UN report Video Watch: Adorable reaction of school friends to 7-year-old Anu's new pink blade prosthetic leg WATCH: Airplane bursts into flames before crashing into Washington traffic WATCH: Singers Roopkumar and Sunali Rathod sing to Eman before she departs for Abu Dhabi View all Tags Asia-Pacific Donald Trump James Comey Japan MSCI Thomson Reuters Wilbur Ross Australia Hong Kong Moon Jae-in Opec Saudi Arabia South Korea Washington U. S. Commerce U. S. Treasury FBI Federal Reserve HSBC Private Banking JPMorgan Asset Management MSCI Asia Marc Chandler S&P Tai Hui SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News China most-wanted suspect gets "home detention" in New Zealand BSP expels Naseemuddin Siddiqui and his son for 'anti-party activities' Akbar, Aurangzeb and Babar were invaders: Yogi Adityanath PM Modi inaugurates SC's ICMIS, calls for mass movement to provide legal aid to poor Maharashtra govt in talks to revive dying Kolhapuri chappal industry Sport Cricket-England deserve 'favourites' tag in Champions Trophy - Moeen Golf-PGA Tour extends deal with FedEx through 2027 Soccer-Hulk unlikely to face action over punch allegations - CSL official SHOWCASE-Soccer-Hull's Silva calls for unity ahead of crucial final games Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Wednesday, May 10 Entertainment Newcomer alert! Vinod Mehra's son Rohan Mehra makes his debut in Saif Ali Khan's 'Baazaar' Justin Bieber in India: Salman Khan's bodyguard Shera accompanies the pop star to his hotel! See Pictures: When Preity Zinta and Juhi Chawla turned commentators for KKR vs Kings XI Punjab IPL match Sasha commemorates 14 years of doing what he loves Post 'Kaatru Veliyidai', Aditi Rao Hydari to team up with Mani Ratnam for another film Money The packersmovers.com is all set to eliminate the hassle of relocating in India AstraZeneca's asthama drug fails in study Natco Pharma launches generic blood cancer drug in India Sensex, Nifty hit lifetime highs on normal monsoon forecast ING Q1 earns ahead of expectations: loans and deposits up, fewer bad loans Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
News Sports Obituaries Classifieds 74° Full Menu 74° Customer Service Customer Service Newsletters Press Pass News News Arlington Crime Fort Worth Local Nation and World Northeast Tarrant Politics Texas Databases Blogs & Columnists Bud Kennedy Sports Sports Cowboys Colleges Mavericks Motorsports Rangers Stars TCU High School Sports All Sports Scores & Schedules Football Baseball Softball Volleyball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Blogs & Columns Big Mac Blog Cowboys Corner Gil LeBreton Mac Engel Politics Politics Business Business Aviation Baker Ahles & Kaskovich Barnett Shale SkyTalk Technology The Savvy Consumer Living Living Arts Family Food & Drink Health & Fitness Indulge The Keller Magazine Anniversary announcements Engagement announcements Wedding announcements Blogs & Columns Dear Abby Neil Sperry Social Eyes Entertainment Entertainment Restaurants Events Arts & Culture Movies TV Music Nightlife Party Pics Horoscopes Comics Puzzles & Games Contests Opinion Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a letter Cheers and Jeers Submit a Cheer or Jeer Blogs & Columnists Bud Kennedy Cynthia M. Allen Mike Norman Other Voices Richard Greene Community News Arlington Citizen-Journal Keller Citizen Star-Telegram Northeast Mansfield News-Mirror Weatherford Star-Telegram Obituaries Today's Obituaries Obituaries in the News Submit an Obituary Weddings Must Know Hispanic Heritage Cancer Awareness Healthy Lifestyle Dining, Entertaining Breast Cancer Awareness Think Green Money Matters All About Pets Careers and Business Health and Wellness How To... Women Today Family and Parenting Easy Living Tips Lawn and Garden Giving Back Men Today On the Road 1 On the Road 2 Public Notices Local Deals Shopping Grocery Coupons Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds La Estrella Digital Replica Edition An F-35 is masked for the final finish coatings at Lockheed Martin Aeronautics in Fort Worth. The company said it plans to hire 1,800 additional employees starting late this year and speeding up in 2018. Rodger Mallison Star-Telegram archives Business May 08, 2017 5:18 PM Want to work at Lockheed? Center offers training to prepare workers By Max B. Baker maxbaker@star-telegram.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story FORT WORTH Kinsey Williams can’t wait to start his new job, which he hopes will morph into a career. Just a few months ago, the 16-year Army National Guard sergeant who served in Iraq and Kuwait was struggling to get the kind of job he wanted with only a high school diploma. Then Williams discovered the Community Learning Center. After six weeks of training, and graduating at the top of his class, he’ll begin working at Lockheed Martin next week applying stealth coating to F-35 Joint Strike Fighters. “It means the world to me,” Williams, 33, said about the training he received. He said the instructors and staff “changed his life forever.” Williams’ success story was celebrated Monday as J.P. Morgan Chase announced a $500,000 donation to help the learning center expand its efforts to provide local industry with the technically-savvy workforce it needs. The funds will support skills training in high-growth, high-demand occupations, especially aerospace and advanced manufacturing, Chase officials said during a presentation at the International Association of Machinists & Aerospace Workers hall near the gates of Lockheed Martin’s Fort Worth plant. “This partnership gives us an opportunity to help more people seize the opportunities available for a good-paying job,” said Todd Ritterbusch, managing director and market executive for Chase in Tarrant County, in a statement. “Together we can help close the opportunity gap in our region.” The grant is part of $2 million that the bank will spend on workforce development in Tarrant County, a company spokesman said. That’s part of Chase’s $250 million New Skills at Work commitment to address the global skills gap. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:19 A peek at American Airlines new headquarters Pause 1:57 First F-35 for Japan 2:59 North Texans air tax appraisal criticisms 1:47 This is Topgolf 18:34 Take a tour of the Main St. Arts Festival 1:56 Arlington anti-smoking ordinance 1:58 Jeff Banister praises offense, A.J. Griffin after Rangers' win 2:05 Pot enthusiasts' feet hit the streets downtown at Marijuana March of North Texas 0:31 Tarrant County's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, May 3 0:43 Thieves posing as water dept. employees trick an elderly woman and steal from her Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email First F-35 for Japan Lockheed Martin rolls out the first F-35 fighter jet built for Japan. (Star-Telegram/Rodger Mallison) rmallison@star-telegram.com The donation will have a huge impact in the community, helping many people get high-paying, higher-skilled jobs, said Pat Lane, president and chair of the learning center, a nonprofit that works with major employers like Lockheed, Bell Helicopter and others. U.S. Reps. Kay Granger and Marc Veasey and Fort Worth Mayor Betsy Price were on hand Monday to sing the praises of the learning center and its crucial role in ensuring that the area has a local workforce that’s prepared for the future. For example, Lockheed Martin plans to hire 1,800 additional employees in Fort Worth as it boosts production of the F-35. The Fort Worth plant employs 14,000 workers, including about 8,800 on the F-35, and hiring is expected to begin later this year and stretch through 2020. Veasey said the days when you could find a good-paying job “working the line” with limited technical knowledge are long gone and that workers need to be able to operate complex manufacturing systems and trouble-shoot robotic parts. The Fort Worth Democrat said that while nearly 3.5 million manufacturing jobs will need to be filled over the next decade, the “skills gap” is expected to leave 2 million of those jobs unfilled. “While we have made strides in helping match the technical knowledge of workers with the needs of employers, we still have a long way to go,” Veasey said. Related stories from the Star-Telegram Toyota, TCC partner on training program for car service technicians Since opening its doors in 2000, the learning center has provided academic remediation and workforce training to more than 5,000 workers. The center has two facilities, one outside the gates of Lockheed Martin on Clifford Street focused on aerospace-industry needs and a second in Forest Hill on Anglin Drive that concentrates on machining, welding, and construction building trades. The learning center is in the midst of an $882,000 capital campaign to renovate the Forest Hill structure and has already raised about 60 percent of its goal, said Angela Traiforos, the executive director. Williams said he’s always been good at fixing things. But his sharpened skills helped him earn the Lockheed Martin job, an entry-level position that pays $20.68 an hour, or about $43,000 a year. “Eventually, I want to be an aerospace engineer and I would be hard-pressed to do it — if not impossible — without the program,” Williams said. Max B. Baker: 817-390-7714, @MaxbakerBB F-35s move down the assembly line at Lockheed Martin Aeronautics in Fort Worth. Rodger Mallison Star-Telegram archives LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:19 A peek at American Airlines new headquarters Pause 1:57 First F-35 for Japan 2:59 North Texans air tax appraisal criticisms 1:47 This is Topgolf 18:34 Take a tour of the Main St. Arts Festival 1:56 Arlington anti-smoking ordinance 1:58 Jeff Banister praises offense, A.J. Griffin after Rangers' win 2:05 Pot enthusiasts' feet hit the streets downtown at Marijuana March of North Texas 0:31 Tarrant County's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, May 3 0:43 Thieves posing as water dept. employees trick an elderly woman and steal from her Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago A peek at American Airlines new headquarters 3:19 5 days ago A peek at American Airlines new headquarters 1:13 14 days ago Bell Helicopter hints at new electric aircraft 1:40 a month ago West 7th gets another grocery store Wednesday View More Video Local Spotlight Business Southwest Airlines turns on new reservations system Legislature approves Railroad Commission bill, but critics call it weak American Airlines says passenger traffic up 3.1 percent in April Canceled flights leave Spirit Airlines passengers brawling at Fort Lauderdale airport Toyota needs more mechanics, so it’s turning to TCC Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery Digital Replica Edition Vacation Hold Pay Your Bill Press Pass Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us RSS Feeds Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Place a Classified Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe China Mulling Higher Pay for State-Owned Company Executives, Source Says Keith Zhai May 9, 2017, 7:00 AM EDT May 9, 2017, 8:09 PM EDT Premier says government rethinking strict compensation caps Seeking to retain talent to lead overhaul of bloated sector China is considering increasing executive compensation at big banks and other state-owned enterprises, according to a person with knowledge of the plan, as the government seeks to retain talent needed to overhaul the bloated state sector. Premier Li Keqiang told a meeting of more than 100 top executives in Beijing last month the government was rethinking a 2015 policy capping their pay at a fraction of their overseas peers, said the person, who asked not to be named because the meeting was private. Li promised a system with more competitive rates, probably tied to performance, the person said, in an effort to hold onto their managers. Get the latest on global politics in your inbox, every day. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up The discussions show the challenges facing President Xi Jinping as he pushes China’s almost $20 trillion state sector to embrace structural reform while cracking down on perceived excesses that have fueled public anger at the Communist Party. While the cap saw the earnings of China Construction Bank Corp. Chairman Wang Hongzhang halve to 600,000 yuan ($87,000) in 2015, the salaries of some overseas executives have stayed high: JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Jamie Dimon received  $28 million last year. The stakes are high as Xi seeks to prove his stewardship of the economy ahead of a midterm party leadership reshuffle later this year, which will determine the strength of his influence going forward. The party has sought to reorganize the state sector without so many layoffs it leads to unrest. ‘Uneven’ Reforms China is set to kick off another round of state-enterprise reform, with as many as 10 companies preparing proposals to sell stakes in their units, people with knowledge of the plans have separately said. Still, while China quickly reined in executive pay under Xi, efforts to force consolidation and increase profitability among state companies have progressed slowly. International Monetary Fund First Deputy Managing Director David Lipton last year recommended China establish a special to group to oversee “uneven” state-enterprise reforms. “The depressing pace of the state-sector reform process reflects a wider belief that the current SOE-compensation system is unsustainable,” said Zhu Weiqun, an administration professor at Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. “It is obvious to even the most cursory observer that the pay cut was a hasty decision and it’s good to fix it earlier than never.” Neither the State Council, which is led by Li, nor the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission immediately responded to faxed requests for comment. Although executives at state companies, who ultimately answer to Xi’s party, have publicly supported the compensation caps, there have been signs of strain. For instance, Chim Wai Kin, the former chief credit officer of Bank of China Ltd., left his job in 2015 amid pay cuts being imposed on senior managers at Chinese lenders. Such departures risk draining companies of the talent Xi needs to enact a 2015 plan that aims to group similar state-owned companies under asset managers. That plan calls for selling shares of some and consolidating others, reforming unproductive “zombie enterprises” and introducing private capital. Less Efficient SOEs still account for about 30 percent of China’s industrial output and investment and remain the dominant borrowers in the country’s financial markets, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. economists including M.K. Tang in Hong Kong wrote in August. Better access to state funds helps them crowd out competitors, while returning an average of just 4 percent on assets, or less than half their private peers. Andrew Batson, China research director for Gavekal Dragonomics, said he was skeptical of the government’s commitment to reform because its goals differ from what most Western investors have in mind. “Reform of state enterprises has been slow in China because the current government is not fundamentally interested in market-oriented reforms to the state sector,” said Batson, who authored a March report on the state-sector overhaul. “Instead, the government is interested in making state-owned enterprises more effective instruments of state policy and projectors of Chinese influence abroad.” ‘Special Phase’ Former China Petrochemical Corp. Chairman Fu Chengyu told Bloomberg News in March that centralized leadership was needed to steer the country through the reform effort. “China is in a special phase,” said Fu, who led an effort to reform Asia’s largest oil refiner, better known as Sinopec, from 2011 to 2015. “If we don’t have a strong effort like the current government of President Xi Jinping, I think eventually we will break up politically and economically.” While China’s state media covered Li’s April 27 meeting promoting innovation by SOEs, reports made no mention of compensation. Executives from companies including China Mobile Ltd., China Merchants Bank Co. and Potevio Group attended with Li, who also toured the offices of China Aerospace Science and Industry Corp., according to the official Xinhua News Agency.   The party congress provides Xi’s next big chance to underscore reform goals. Fu -- now a member of the government’s top advisory body, the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference -- proposed in March giving SOE executives more leeway to make mistakes while experimenting with reform. China must develop a “system that accepts failure,” he said. “The real enemy to reform is here," Fu said, tapping at his head. “It’s our culture, our mindset.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read This Is the Five-Word Message That Got a Citigroup Trader Fired The Kushner Project Touted in China Is in Trouble at Home Trump Preparing Certified Letter Attesting to No Russia Ties A Map Like This Persuaded Trump to Save Nafta, For Now Here’s What Some of the World’s Top Money Managers Are Betting On Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cybg Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cybg Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pure Storage (PSTG) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds Reed's (REED) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds Neos Therapeutics (NEOS) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.10 Cybg Plc (CYBG) Receives GBX 245.38 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Oak Valley Bancorp (OVLY) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.12 Digital Turbine Inc (APPS) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.09 Per Share $17.18 Million in Sales Expected for Juno Therapeutics Inc (JUNO) This Quarter Civitas Solutions Inc (CIVI) CFO Denis M. Holler Sells 1,900 Shares of Stock Beasley Broadcast Group Inc (BBGI) Director Joe B. Cox Sells 5,000 Shares Ameris Bancorp (ABCB) Director Elizabeth A. Mccague Acquires 1,060 Shares Telenav Inc (TNAV) Director Karen C. Francis Purchases 2,500 Shares 19,767 Shares in Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) Acquired by Symphony Asset Management LLC Farmer Brothers Co. (FARM) Stake Held by Fortaleza Asset Management Inc. Fortaleza Asset Management Inc. Has $148,000 Position in Parsley Energy Inc (PE) Fortaleza Asset Management Inc. Buys Shares of 1,750 Nevro Corp (NVRO) Fortaleza Asset Management Inc. Has $164,000 Position in Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Stake Held by Pax World Management LLC C V Starr & Co. Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Energy Transfer Equity LP (ETE) Engineers Gate Manager LP Purchases Shares of 133,664 Aramark (ARMK) Engineers Gate Manager LP Purchases Shares of 145,621 Huntsman Co. (HUN) Cybg Plc (CYBG) Receives GBX 245.38 Consensus Price Target from Analysts May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Cybg Plc (LON:CYBG) has earned a consensus rating of “Hold” from the eleven brokerages that are currently covering the company. Six analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, four have issued a hold recommendation and one has issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 12-month price target among analysts that have covered the stock in the last year is GBX 245.38 ($3.17). A number of analysts have recently commented on the company. BNP Paribas reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 280 ($3.62) price target on shares of Cybg Plc in a research note on Friday, March 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an “underweight” rating and issued a GBX 220 ($2.85) price target on shares of Cybg Plc in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and issued a GBX 200 ($2.59) price target on shares of Cybg Plc in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Macquarie reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 293 ($3.79) price target on shares of Cybg Plc in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut Cybg Plc to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price target for the company from GBX 355 ($4.59) to GBX 300 ($3.88) in a research note on Monday, February 20th. In other news, insider David Duffy sold 54,374 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 264 ($3.41), for a total value of £143,547.36 ($185,653.60). TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/cybg-plc-cybg-receives-gbx-245-38-consensus-price-target-from-analysts.html. Cybg Plc (LON:CYBG) traded down 0.45% during trading on Tuesday, hitting GBX 284.50. 1,075,711 shares of the stock traded hands. Cybg Plc has a 52 week low of GBX 203.70 and a 52 week high of GBX 306.90. The stock’s market cap is GBX 2.51 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 278.31 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 279.00. Cybg Plc Company Profile CYBG PLC is a United Kingdom-based company, which intends to be the holding company for CYB Investments Limited (CYBI) and Clydesdale Bank PLC (Clydesdale Bank). The Company will own National Australia Bank Limited’s Clydesdale and Yorkshire Bank operations (the Clydesdale Bank business). Clydesdale Bank provides the United Kingdom retail and small and medium enterprises (SME) banking services. Receive News & Ratings for Cybg Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cybg Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
current community chat English Language & Usage English Language & Usage Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Stack Exchange Inbox Reputation and Badges sign up log in tour help Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company Business Learn more about hiring developers or posting ads with us English Language & Usage Questions Tags Users Badges Unanswered Ask Question _ English Language & Usage Stack Exchange is a question and answer site for linguists, etymologists, and serious English language enthusiasts. Join them; it only takes a minute: Sign up Here's how it works: Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Is “Open kimono with somebody” a popular English phrase? up vote 6 down vote favorite According to AP and other news sources, Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase acknowledged that his bank slipped-up $2 billion losses incurred by their trading and that the matter is now under investigation by regulators. Dimon told in NBC’s “Meet the Press”: “Of course, regulators should look at something like this. It’s their job. We are totally open kimono with regulators. And they will come to their own conclusion and we intend to fix it, learn from it and be a better company when it’s done.” I am interested in the phrase, “We are totally open kimono with regulators” as I understand ‘Kimono’ is Japanese equivalent to dress. Is “Open kimono with somebody” a popular English (or American) idiom or phrase? Can I say “open dress with somebody” instead of using “Kimono”? If not, what are alternative idioms meaning “open up one’s mind”? idioms share|improve this question edited May 15 '12 at 12:01 JLG 20.3k12973 asked May 15 '12 at 4:52 Yoichi Oishi♦ 32.9k80300647 3   Two things: 1. I would more likely translate kimono as robe not dress. 2. The meaning is not "to open one's mind" it is to "bare all"- keep no secrets. A more popular expression might be "we are an open book" – Jim May 15 '12 at 5:08      @Jim. Kenkyusha’s English Japanese Dictionary, the most popular English Japanese dictionary in Japan defines ‘kimono’ as clothes, dress, and clothing in old style expression. Precisely, kimono is classic Japanese costume worn by people roughly before mid-20 century. We distinguish ‘Kimono - 着物’ from ‘Yohuku - 洋服’ literally meaning western clothes and dress. Today Kimono is worn at special occasions of celebration like wedding, and Adult Day and sorrow like funeral, or at home for a relaxation purpose. – Yoichi Oishi♦ May 15 '12 at 6:41 3   I see, you are using dress not as 'a piece of women's clothing' but as 'a manner/style of clothing' I also expect that when westerners say "open kimono" they are not making the subtle distinctions that you are. They merely mean an article of clothing that typically is wrapped around the body and held with a sash or tie such that it can fall open if the sash is removed- much like a robe- because they want to conjure the image of someone standing with their robe open. – Jim May 15 '12 at 6:53 4   Never heard such a thing in my life. – tchrist♦ May 15 '12 at 12:04 3   It's an inappropriate and sexist expression that some businessmen like. I wouldn't copy it! – Lembik Jul 9 '15 at 6:02  |  show 1 more comment 6 Answers 6 active oldest votes up vote 5 down vote accepted To open the kimono to someone is a bit of business argot. It is figurative, meaning to give away or be open about a few secrets to entice the buyer and encourage a deal to go forward. In a pitch to an possible investor, the inventor doesn't want to give a way the 'secret sauce' (the important idea behind the invention because the investor might still the idea. But the inventor has to show -something- that will entice them to prove that there is something there that is worthwhile. So the inventor will give some few details that will be convincing. The metaphor is in reference to a geisha flashing open her robe to a client to engage his interest. Americans (where the phrase presumably originated) are only familiar with the kimono as something worn by geishas and have no idea of the associations (or lack thereof) it has natively. 'Open kimono' is a derivative of this and has come to mean 'to show the innerworkings', less a sneak peak but rather full access. In the OP phrase we are totally open kimono with regulators, the speaker was just trying to get across that they won't be hiding anything from the regulators. The grammar of 'open kimono' is a bit informal by converting a 'verb noun' pattern to an 'adj-noun' (essentially nouning a verb). Using it as an adjective is even more familiar: we are X with you where X is an adjective is not formal or standard English, but is very colloquial (that is, not good for writing, but works in speech). It is not common in general but is recognized in the business world. share|improve this answer edited May 15 '12 at 20:57 James Waldby - jwpat7 60.6k1081169 answered May 15 '12 at 13:20 Mitch 40.8k1378174      Does your answer imply that they are only trying to create the impression that they are "open" with regulators? Because if you only flash open your robe, it'll be closed again in no time... – Raku May 15 '12 at 14:45      The original phrase, not what Jamie Dimon used, is about giving a sneak peek, opening and closing quickly, of something good. I think that what Jamie Dimon said is misused and trying to give the impression that they are totally open with the regulators, unfettered access. – Mitch May 15 '12 at 15:17      True. ‘Verb (be) + adjective + objective (noun)’ construction of “We are open kimono with regulators” looked ungrammatical to me. So I deleted ‘are’ from my question. However, I’m not sure if ‘open kimono to sb.’ like ‘the inventer fully opened kimono to investors’ passes as a financial business jargon or not. – Yoichi Oishi♦ May 15 '12 at 20:10      @YoichiOishi: To get the pattern, it would be: ‘the inventor fully opened the kimono to investors’. And that would work as business speak. – Mitch May 15 '12 at 21:52 add a comment |  up vote 10 down vote Open the kimono or flash the kimono is reasonably common in US financial use – meaning to show everything. To Americans and most westerners, a kimono is a robe (BE dressing gown) so the assumption is that you are naked underneath. I don't think it's very common among 'normal' people. share|improve this answer edited May 15 '12 at 21:59 answered May 15 '12 at 4:55 mgb 20.6k23280      I don't know too many Americans who use dressing gown- we usually just say robe. – Jim May 15 '12 at 5:13      @jim - thanks added the translation – mgb May 15 '12 at 15:12      I first heard this expression perhaps 1980-1985, from a middle-level manager where I worked (IBM). At that time the implied meaning was "bare all", and there was no implication of, say, being less than honest with regard to this act. Heard the expression only occasionally after that -- it never was common in our circles -- but I have not heard it at all since maybe 2000. – Hot Licks 4 hours ago add a comment |  up vote 3 down vote I think it is a widely-understood phrase in business, but perhaps a little pretentious. You certainly wouldn't translate 'kimono' into its English equivalent. share|improve this answer answered May 15 '12 at 8:48 Philip Jones 19814 2   I wouldn't call it pretentious but rather vulgar. – H Stephen Straight May 16 '12 at 2:11 2   @HStephenStraight I'd probably call it pretentious, vulgar, and probably sexist and racist, and quite a few other unprintable things! – Andrew Grimm Jun 19 '12 at 2:40 add a comment |  up vote 2 down vote When trying to understand what a word means in English, using a Japanese/English dictionary may not be the best approach. Instead, use an English/English dictionary. For example, "sake" in English means rice wine (nihonshu), whereas in Japanese it can mean alcoholic beverages in general. As mentioned by Jim, "kimono" seems to have a different meaning from Japanese's "kimono" (which would literally translate as ki + mono, "wearing thing"). Some westerners believe that women don't wear any underwear underneath a kimono. For example, the author of TV Tropes' page on kimono fanservice. I don't know if this was believed by the users of this idiom, though. share|improve this answer answered Jun 18 '12 at 8:41 Andrew Grimm 9,0581463117 1   If some westerners believe women in kimono don’t wear underwear underneath kimono, it’s a great misunderstanding. Even in Meiji (1968 -1912) era when Japanese started to wear洋服(western style clothes), women wore腰巻 (literally, waist wrapper), which is bottomless, as an underwear. Off course today’s women wear pantie underneath kimono. In Japanese, we have the phrase, 前をはだけるmeaning “open the front part of kimono (by loosening Obi – belt).” But it means simply slovenly dressed appearance, and has no sense of disclosure. – Yoichi Oishi♦ Jun 19 '12 at 2:30 add a comment |  up vote 1 down vote It's quite common in my industry, software development. Companies, especially US based ones such as Microsoft, like to use it to state that they are now being very open about their processes, software and internal systems. share|improve this answer answered Jun 18 '12 at 9:49 Joe Fawcett 48126 add a comment |  up vote 0 down vote The alternative is "fully disclose". Today on a meeting I heard: We can be open kimono with XYZ consulting company. In this sentence it meant that we will fully disclose the situation including all the identified issues and potential problems since XYZ has shown a predisposition to work with us and is somewhat sympathetic to us. However, we will ask them not to disclose all this to our client since we wish to package (not reveal all) to the client. As an American, I understood immediately what this meant although I never heard it before. I immediately found it shocking and sexist because I (incorrectly) associate kimono with prostitution and I pictured our company as a prostitute revealing her nude self to the consulting company. Just not good! I mentioned this phrase to my wife, who is from a South American country and she also immediately understood it and found it fascinatingly in bad taste. share|improve this answer edited 5 hours ago answered 5 hours ago user235347 11 add a comment |  Your Answer   draft saved draft discarded Sign up or log in Sign up using Google Sign up using Facebook Sign up using Email and Password Post as a guest Name Email Post as a guest Name Email discard By posting your answer, you agree to the privacy policy and terms of service. Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged idioms or ask your own question. asked 4 years, 11 months ago viewed 3148 times active today Blog Introducing Stack Overflow Trends Podcast #108: Welcome Back Joel! Get the weekly newsletter! In it, you'll get: The week's top questions and answers Important community announcements Questions that need answers see an example newsletter By subscribing, you agree to the privacy policy and terms of service. Linked 6 Is there any hidden meaning in “haircuts” in the analogy of Presidential election as “usual vague contest between competing slogans and haircuts”? Related 4Origin of phrase “open-and-shut” as in “it's not an open-and-shut case” 3Is “honest to gosh” a popular and decent English idiom? 5What does “not quite a Haiku” mean? Is it a popular English idiom? 5Is “Tear a piece out of somebody” a popular idiom to mean snatch an advantage from somebody? 2Is ‘(stroll with) a spring in one’s heels” a popular English idiom? 5When and where did saying “nice” become so popular? 6Origin of 'the new normal' as a freestanding phrase 0Is “fortune favors the bold; cheek brings success” a popular idiom or proverb in English? 2“To walk on the rocks for somebody” meaning + 100 stiches 4Is there such an idiom as “to turn a cold ear toward somebody”? Hot Network Questions Best way to poll students during a class by web A horror movie about witch in the attic Are seaplanes allowed to fly in residential areas? Prefix Notation to Postfix Notation What is a load resistor? Is it appropriate (as a PhD student) to email other researchers asking about some details in their papers? Normalizable wavefunction that does not vanish at infinity How can I deal with having an open-door policy when I'm extremely sensitive to noise? Polygon-in-polygon testing Why is Arithmetic Overflow ignored? Constitutionality of travel ban/sanctuary cities Why did Trump fire FBI Director James Comey? Prepaying a loan: Shouldn't the interest be recalculated like a shorter loan? Bike is perceived less stable when using handlebar bag Get 100 as an answer on a calculator without using 0 Kindda-Perfect number: Is there a sequence of numbers which are equal to the sum of its proper divisors excluding itself as well as 1? Happy birthday, Raffaele Cecco! What is wrong in the beautiful picture? Can I refuse to do an external project when my company is not a consultancy? How to stop hopping the learning chain and actually begin somewhere How many circles do 11 points define? Alignment of numbers in a table How could an apocalypse kill off all adults -- leaving only those under the age of 18? (The other day) I met a bear more hot questions question feed about us tour help blog chat data legal privacy policy work here advertising info mobile contact us feedback Technology Life / Arts Culture / Recreation Science Other Stack Overflow Server Fault Super User Web Applications Ask Ubuntu Webmasters Game Development TeX - LaTeX Software Engineering Unix & Linux Ask Different (Apple) WordPress Development Geographic Information Systems Electrical Engineering Android Enthusiasts Information Security Database Administrators Drupal Answers SharePoint User Experience Mathematica Salesforce ExpressionEngine® Answers Cryptography Code Review Magento Signal Processing Raspberry Pi Programming Puzzles & Code Golf more (7) Photography Science Fiction & Fantasy Graphic Design Movies & TV Music: Practice & Theory Seasoned Advice (cooking) Home Improvement Personal Finance & Money Academia more (8) English Language & Usage Skeptics Mi Yodeya (Judaism) Travel Christianity English Language Learners Japanese Language Arqade (gaming) Bicycles Role-playing Games Anime & Manga Motor Vehicle Maintenance & Repair more (17) MathOverflow Mathematics Cross Validated (stats) Theoretical Computer Science Physics Chemistry Biology Computer Science Philosophy more (3) Meta Stack Exchange Stack Apps Area 51 Stack Overflow Talent site design / logo © 2017 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under cc by-sa 3.0 with attribution required rev 2017.5.10.25865 English Language & Usage Stack Exchange works best with JavaScript enabled
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Parsley Energy Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Parsley Energy Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Set Genworth Financial Inc (GNW) Price Target at $3.86 Analysts Set Parsley Energy Inc (PE) Price Target at $39.50 Spartan Motors (SPAR) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.36 Spectrum Brands Holdings (SPB) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.42 Marrone Bio Innovations (MBII) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.42 Vereit Inc (VER) CEO Glenn J. Rufrano Acquires 32,000 Shares Carter's, Inc. (CRI) CFO Richard F. Westenberger Sells 3,150 Shares Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. (LECO) Director Kathryn Jo Lincoln Sells 4,967 Shares of Stock WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Director Carol Burt Sells 1,805 Shares First Eagle Investment Management LLC Lowers Stake in Flex Ltd (FLEX) Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) Position Lowered by First Eagle Investment Management LLC First Eagle Investment Management LLC Sells 1,385,957 Shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Liberty Global plc – Class C (LBTYK) Shares Sold by First Eagle Investment Management LLC Sei Investments Co. Has $18.113 Million Stake in ONE Gas Inc (OGS) Sei Investments Co. Acquires 17,504 Shares of Cooper Companies Inc (COO) Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc (Q) Position Cut by Sei Investments Co. First Foundation Advisors Has $216,000 Stake in Jacobs Engineering Group Inc (JEC) 142,185 Shares in New York Community Bancorp, Inc. (NYCB) Acquired by Smith Salley & Associates Bellecapital International Ltd. Has $4.716 Million Stake in Cooper Companies Inc (COO) Sei Investments Co. Has $38.075 Million Position in Ctrip.Com International Ltd (CTRP) Analysts Set Parsley Energy Inc (PE) Price Target at $39.50 May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Parsley Energy Inc (NYSE:PE) have received a consensus rating of “Buy” from the twenty-seven ratings firms that are currently covering the stock. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twenty-one have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 12-month price objective among brokerages that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $39.67. A number of equities analysts have recently issued reports on PE shares. KLR Group increased their price target on Parsley Energy to $57.00 in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 price objective (up previously from $40.00) on shares of Parsley Energy in a research report on Saturday, January 14th. Scotiabank set a $45.00 price objective on Parsley Energy and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 25th. FBR & Co reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $46.00 price objective on shares of Parsley Energy in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, Citigroup Inc initiated coverage on Parsley Energy in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. They issued a “buy” rating and a $40.00 price target for the company. In related news, insider Matthew Gallagher acquired 32,985 shares of Parsley Energy stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $30.20 per share, with a total value of $996,147.00. Following the purchase, the insider now directly owns 660,508 shares in the company, valued at $19,947,341.60. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director A R. Alameddine acquired 3,500 shares of Parsley Energy stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were bought at an average cost of $30.94 per share, with a total value of $108,290.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now owns 92,988 shares in the company, valued at $2,877,048.72. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have bought 39,485 shares of company stock valued at $1,195,487. Insiders own 24.17% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Bank of Montreal Can increased its stake in Parsley Energy by 21.2% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 58,576 shares of the oil and natural gas company’s stock valued at $1,963,000 after buying an additional 10,254 shares in the last quarter. Capital Fund Management S.A. increased its stake in Parsley Energy by 237.1% in the third quarter. Capital Fund Management S.A. now owns 38,570 shares of the oil and natural gas company’s stock valued at $1,292,000 after buying an additional 27,127 shares in the last quarter. First Trust Advisors LP increased its stake in Parsley Energy by 706.8% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 1,524,747 shares of the oil and natural gas company’s stock valued at $51,094,000 after buying an additional 1,335,760 shares in the last quarter. Three Peaks Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in Parsley Energy during the third quarter valued at approximately $1,340,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Parsley Energy by 825.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 273,650 shares of the oil and natural gas company’s stock valued at $9,171,000 after buying an additional 244,074 shares in the last quarter. 77.92% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Analysts Set Parsley Energy Inc (PE) Price Target at $39.50” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/analysts-set-parsley-energy-inc-pe-price-target-at-39-50.html. Parsley Energy (NYSE:PE) traded down 1.81% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $31.45. 4,203,494 shares of the company traded hands. Parsley Energy has a 12-month low of $23.20 and a 12-month high of $39.82. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $30.82 and its 200 day moving average price is $33.52. The firm’s market capitalization is $7.75 billion. Parsley Energy (NYSE:PE) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The oil and natural gas company reported $0.15 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.09 by $0.06. Parsley Energy had a positive return on equity of 0.24% and a negative net margin of 15.86%. The business had revenue of $200.90 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $181.23 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned ($0.02) EPS. The business’s revenue was up 222.5% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that Parsley Energy will post $0.64 EPS for the current year. About Parsley Energy Parsley Energy, Inc is a holding company. The Company is an independent oil and natural gas company. The Company focuses on the acquisition, development and exploitation of unconventional oil and natural gas reserves in the Permian Basin. The Permian Basin is located in West Texas and Southeastern New Mexico and includes three primary sub-areas: the Midland Basin, the Central Basin Platform and the Delaware Basin. Receive News & Ratings for Parsley Energy Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Parsley Energy Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Veterans * Jobs * Fairs * More Tags... Industry News * Business * More Industries... News By Place * Loveland   Ohio   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News May 2017 We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 DAV RecruitMilitary New York Veterans Job Fair May 25     Activity at a DAV RecruitMilitary Veterans Job Fair   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Veterans • Jobs • Fairs Industry: • Business Location: • Loveland - Ohio - USLOVELAND, Ohio - May 9, 2017 - PRLog -- DAV and RecruitMilitary will produce a Veterans Job Fair at New York Hilton Midtown on May 25, 2017 for veterans, transitioning military personnel, National Guard members, Reserve members and military spouses. The event, sponsored by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and BlueLine Rental, will feature nearly 60 New York-area exhibitors. "DAV RecruitMilitary job fairs maintain a track record of helping veterans and their families find meaningful employment," said President Peter Gudmundsson. "Just last year, 52% of veteran job seekers expected to secure an interview following a DAV RecruitMilitary job fair.  Employers were expected to extend as many as 40,300 interviews and more than 12,560 job offers." Among the companies attending RecruitMilitary's New York event are Apple, Inc., City of New York Fire Department, Department of Veteran Affairs (VESO), Drug Enforcement Administration, Farmers Insurance, Federal Aviation Administration, First Command Financial Planning, GardaWorld, JetBlue Airways Corporation, MTA Headquarters, Montefiore Medical Center, New York City Department of Education, NYC Department of Correction, New York Life, NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital and The Port Authority of New York & New Jersey.  An updated list of all exhibitors can be found at https://events.recruitmilitary.com/events/new-york-vetera.... In March of 2017, the DAV RecruitMilitary New York event connected more than 368 veteran job seekers with 75 exhibitors including CVS Health, Deutsche Bank, Eli Lilly and Company, Montefiore Medical Center and Waste Management.  Participating companies expected to conduct up to 793 interviews and make up to 227 job offers following that career fair. RecruitMilitary has held 22 events in New York, drawing 7,835 attendees and 1,143 exhibitors. The company has produced more than 814 events in 65 cities across the country. DAV was founded by World War I veterans in Cincinnati in 1920 and chartered by the United States Congress in 1932. DAV (www.dav.org) is a non-profit organization with 1.2 million members. Together, DAV and RecruitMilitary share a common mission: to connect America's veterans and their family members with meaningful and fulfilling employment opportunities and to help employers attract, appreciate and retain veterans, spouses, and their survivors. Through career fairs, outreach and resources, this partnership fights to ensure veterans receive the benefits they've earned to lead productive, dignified and high-quality lives. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVjqGgtBodM In addition to veterans job fairs, RecruitMilitary also offers subscriptions to its database of 1,185,828+ registered candidates at http://www.recruitmilitary.com.  RecruitMilitary provides employer job postings, targeted email campaigns, retained hiring services and advertising space in online and print media. The company also publishes Search & Employ®, a bimonthly print and digital magazine; and distributes 50,000+ print copies of each issue. About RecruitMilitary RecruitMilitary (http://RecruitMilitary.com) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bradley-Morris, Inc. (BMI), the largest military-focused recruiting company in the U.S. Together, BMI and RecruitMilitary offer employers access to more than 1,000,000 military job seekers via services that include contingency recruiting, military job fairs, a job board, employer branding, a military base publication and more. Media Contact Kelly Wagner RecruitMilitary LLC 513-677-7084 kelly.wagner@recruitmilitary.com End Source : RecruitMilitary LLC Email : ***@recruitmilitary.com Tags : Veterans, Jobs, Fairs Industry : Business Location : Loveland - Ohio - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse RecruitMilitary, LLC PRs DAV RecruitMilitary Veterans Job Fair Coming to Lawton May 18 DAV RecruitMilitary San Antonio Veterans Job Fair May 18 DAV RecruitMilitary Greater Dallas Veterans Job Fair May 11 DAV RecruitMilitary Norfolk Veterans Job Fair May 11 RecruitMilitary Central Region Virtual Career Fair April 25 Trending News My/Mo Mochi Ice Cream Appoints Michele Kessler To Board of Directors Ascensus Appoints New Regional Vice President Roswell UFO Crash Gets Commemorative Coin New York Small Business Expo Announces Partners Unni Turrettini's Mystery of the Lone Wolf Killer Wins 2016 Award For Adult Non-Fiction Top Daily News UPSL National Player Of The Week: Anaheim Legacy FC's Moe Abboushi - 390 views Phytelligence MultiPHY™ Technology Set To Rapidly Expand EverCrisp™ Availability For Growers - 271 views United® Real Estate Introduces Five New Franchises to their Network - 209 views DCS Releases 3DCS for NX, Tolerance Analysis Software - 196 views ACC Outdoor Track and Field Championships to be held on Mondo track - 160 views Top Weekly News HRO Today Announces Winners of 2017 Talent Acquisition Leader of the Year Awards - 2453 views MSys Technologies Acquires Bengaluru based DigiFutura - 1709 views World Renowned Forensics Guru to Establish New Advanced Smart Television Network Featuring "Smart U with Dr. Joye" - 1313 views XTECH Equipment, Artist Troy "Kickasso," Cole, Partner On Exclusive 5th Anniversary Pad Design - 1067 views ACEC/MA announces WSP/Parsons Brinckerhoff as 2017 winner of Gold Engineering Excellence Award - 1024 views Top Daily News UPSL National Player Of The Week: Anaheim Legacy FC's Moe Abboushi - 390 views Phytelligence MultiPHY™ Technology Set To Rapidly Expand EverCrisp™ Availability For Growers - 271 views United® Real Estate Introduces Five New Franchises to their Network - 209 views DCS Releases 3DCS for NX, Tolerance Analysis Software - 196 views ACC Outdoor Track and Field Championships to be held on Mondo track - 160 views Top Weekly News HRO Today Announces Winners of 2017 Talent Acquisition Leader of the Year Awards - 2453 views MSys Technologies Acquires Bengaluru based DigiFutura - 1709 views World Renowned Forensics Guru to Establish New Advanced Smart Television Network Featuring "Smart U with Dr. Joye" - 1313 views XTECH Equipment, Artist Troy "Kickasso," Cole, Partner On Exclusive 5th Anniversary Pad Design - 1067 views ACEC/MA announces WSP/Parsons Brinckerhoff as 2017 winner of Gold Engineering Excellence Award - 1024 views PTC News WWE® Superstars Seth Rollins® and Alexa Bliss™ Added to Wizard World Comic Con Des Moines - 284 views John Cusack To Appear At Wizard World Comic Con Chicago, August 26-27 - 238 views Cavium to Demonstrate Newest Enterprise Connectivity and Datacenter Solutions at Dell EMC World 2017 - 164 views Jesse Eisenberg To Attend Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, June 3-4 - 148 views Final Homes Remain in Kingsburg! - 131 views May 09, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Five Point Holdings, LLC Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering ALISO VIEJO, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Five Point Holdings, LLC (“FivePoint”), an owner and developer of mixed-use master-planned communities in coastal California, today announced the pricing of the initial public offering of its Class A common shares. FivePoint is selling 21,000,000 Class A common shares at an initial public offering price of $14.00 per share. In addition, FivePoint has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to 3,150,000 additional Class A common shares to cover any over-allotments. FivePoint’s Class A common shares are expected to begin trading on May 10, 2017 on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “FPH.” The offering is expected to close on May 15, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. FivePoint intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to fund its development activities and for other general corporate purposes. Citigroup, J.P. Morgan, RBC Capital Markets and Wells Fargo Securities are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering and as representatives of the underwriters. Deutsche Bank Securities, Evercore ISI, Zelman Partners LLC and JMP Securities are also acting as joint book-running managers. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from: Citigroup, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling 1-800-831-9146; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling 1-866-803-9204; RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, Three World Financial Center, 200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor, New York, New York 10281-8098, by email at equityprospectus@rbccm.com, or by calling 1-877-822-4089; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, 375 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10152, by email at cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com, or by calling 1-800-326-5897. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with, and declared effective by, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About FivePoint FivePoint, headquartered in Aliso Viejo, California, designs and develops mixed-use, master-planned communities in coastal California. FivePoint is developing vibrant and sustainable communities in Orange County, Los Angeles County, and San Francisco County that will offer homes, commercial, retail, educational, and recreational elements as well as civic areas, parks, and open spaces. FivePoint’s three communities are: Great Park Neighborhoods® in Irvine, Newhall Ranch® near Valencia, and The San Francisco Shipyard/Candlestick Point in the City of San Francisco. The communities are planned to include approximately 40,000 residential homes and approximately 21 million square feet of commercial space, plus infrastructure. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains “forward-looking statements.” You can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “believe,” “will,” “plans,” “expects” and “intends.” Forward-looking statements are based on FivePoint’s current expectations and assumptions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements, which are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are set forth in our filings with the SEC, including our registration statement on Form S-11, as amended from time to time, under the caption “Risk Factors.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SA Powering Ahead with Energy and Defence Innovations Next PostNext ATV Coilover Shock 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 15.92% and Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Global Industrial Infrared Camera Sales Market Outlook and Growth Forecast Indicating Positive CAGR During 2016-2022 Global Hair Dye Market Size ,Share, Trends and Forecast Analysis of Top Countries 2017-2022 Perfusion Systems Market Outlook, Competitive Analysis and Industry Trends 2025 Breakthrough employee family leave benefits Pharmaceutical Robots Market : Recent Industry Trends and Projected Industry Growth, 2017 – 2025 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,976 -36.50 -0.17% Nasdaq 6,121 +17.93 +0.29% S&P 500 2,397 -2.46 -0.10% 3:08 A.M. ET Dollar weakens some after FBI Director Comey fired 3:06 A.M. ET ITV shares down 1% after trading update 3:04 A.M. ET ING shares up 2.6% after profit report 3:04 A.M. ET Barratt Developments rises 2.3% after 2017 outlook 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.2% lower at 12,726 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,394.10 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally lower at 7,340.37 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally lower at 395.70 2:56 A.M. ET Updated The New York Times will take you on a tour and teach you all about Brexit for $6,000 2:50 A.M. ET Opinion The ECB should avoid the temptation to cancel QE 2:51 A.M. ET Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound 2:50 A.M. ET Barratt sees 2017 profit at top end of views 2:49 A.M. ET AstraZeneca asthma drug misses primary endpoint 2:28 A.M. ET ITV maintains outlook even as revenue falls 2:27 A.M. ET U.K. regulator may probe Capita-Vodafone deal 2:27 A.M. ET BAE trading in line; backs 2017 guidance 2:26 A.M. ET AXA revenue nearly flat as revenue misses views 2:25 A.M. ET French Insurer AXA plans to list shares in U.S. 2:24 A.M. ET Suez confirms outlook at revenue rises 2:24 A.M. ET ING net profit slips, but pretax profit up 39% Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Five Point Holdings, LLC Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering By Published: May 9, 2017 7:24 p.m. ET Share ALISO VIEJO, Calif., May 09, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Five Point Holdings, LLC (“FivePoint”), an owner and developer of mixed-use master-planned communities in coastal California, today announced the pricing of the initial public offering of its Class A common shares. FivePoint is selling 21,000,000 Class A common shares at an initial public offering price of $14.00 per share. In addition, FivePoint has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to 3,150,000 additional Class A common shares to cover any over-allotments. FivePoint’s Class A common shares are expected to begin trading on May 10, 2017 on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “FPH.” The offering is expected to close on May 15, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. FivePoint intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to fund its development activities and for other general corporate purposes. Citigroup, J.P. Morgan, RBC Capital Markets and Wells Fargo Securities are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering and as representatives of the underwriters. Deutsche Bank Securities, Evercore ISI, Zelman Partners LLC and JMP Securities are also acting as joint book-running managers. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from: Citigroup, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling 1-800-831-9146; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling 1-866-803-9204; RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, Three World Financial Center, 200 Vesey Street, 8 [th] Floor, New York, New York 10281-8098, by email at equityprospectus@rbccm.com, or by calling 1-877-822-4089; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, 375 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10152, by email at cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com, or by calling 1-800-326-5897. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with, and declared effective by, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About FivePoint FivePoint, headquartered in Aliso Viejo, California, designs and develops mixed-use, master-planned communities in coastal California. FivePoint is developing vibrant and sustainable communities in Orange County, Los Angeles County, and San Francisco County that will offer homes, commercial, retail, educational, and recreational elements as well as civic areas, parks, and open spaces. FivePoint’s three communities are: Great Park Neighborhoods® in Irvine, Newhall Ranch® near Valencia, and The San Francisco Shipyard/Candlestick Point in the City of San Francisco. The communities are planned to include approximately 40,000 residential homes and approximately 21 million square feet of commercial space, plus infrastructure. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains “forward-looking statements.” You can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “believe,” “will,” “plans,” “expects” and “intends.” Forward-looking statements are based on FivePoint’s current expectations and assumptions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements, which are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are set forth in our filings with the SEC, including our registration statement on Form S-11, as amended from time to time, under the caption “Risk Factors.” View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170509006854/en/ SOURCE: Five Point Holdings, LLC For Five Point Holdings, LLC Investors: investor.relations@fivepoint.com or Media: Steve Churm, 949-349-1034 steve.churm@fivepoint.com or Glenn Bunting, 310-922-5206 glenn@gfbunting.com or Aaron Curtiss, 720-281-1395 aaron@gfbunting.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Yelp plummets as advertisers revolt Dying man claims he just borrowed $325K to go all-in on bitcoin amid record highs More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Rushing to pay back a large student loan? You may want to think again Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Mack-Cali Realty Corporation Announces First Quarter 2017 Results JERSEY CITY, N.J., May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Mack-Cali Realty Corporation (NYSE: CLI) today reported its results for the first quarter 2017. FIRST QUARTER 2017 HIGHLIGHTS Net income of $0.11 per diluted share for the quarter; Funds from Operations per diluted share of $0.56 and Core Funds from Operations growth of 14% to $0.56 for the quarter; Adjusted funds from operations (AFFO) increased by $20.2 million, or 112%, to $38.3 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, as compared to $18.1 million for the comparable period in 2016; Increased rental rates by 11.4% on a GAAP basis and 1.2% on a cash basis at its Core/Waterfront/Flex properties; Core/Waterfront/Flex properties 90.4% leased; Leased 362,075 square feet; Signed $300 million equity transaction for Roseland multi-family subsidiary; Increased Roseland occupancy to 97.5%, up 1.5% over fourth quarter; Urby achieved 36% occupancy in two months of leasing at average rent of $55 per square foot; Declared $0.15 per share quarterly common stock dividend; and Reaffirmed 2017 FFO guidance of $2.25 to $2.40 per diluted share. Michael J. DeMarco, chief executive officer, commented "We continue on our steady progress of driving our results and creating and growing our NAV. Our multi-family transformation is largely complete and producing higher than expected results." FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS * All per share amounts presented below are on a diluted basis. Net income available to common shareholders for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 amounted to $19.9 million, or $0.11 per share, as compared to $62.2 million, or $0.69 per share, for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. Funds from operations (FFO) for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 amounted to $55.9 million, or $0.56 per share, as compared to $48.2 million, or $0.48 per share, for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. For the first quarter 2017, Core FFO was $0.56 per share after adjusting for certain items. The quarter's Core FFO per share of $0.56 increased 14 percent from the same quarter last year primarily due to increased base rents in 2017 and interest expense savings from refinancing of high rate debt. Adjusted funds from operations (AFFO) increased by $20.2 million to $38.3 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, as compared to $18.1 million for the comparable period in 2016. OPERATING HIGHLIGHTS Mack-Cali's consolidated Core, Waterfront and Flex properties were 90.4 percent leased at March 31, 2017, as compared to 90.6 percent leased at December 31, 2016 and 89.1 percent leased at December 31, 2015. For the quarter ended March 31, 2017, the Company executed 54 leases at its consolidated in-service commercial portfolio totaling 362,075 square feet. Of these totals, 15 percent were for new leases and 85 percent were for lease renewals and other tenant retention transactions.  Rental rate roll up for first quarter 2017 transactions in the Company's Core, Waterfront and Flex properties was 1.2 percent on a cash basis and 11.4 percent on a GAAP basis. RECENT TRANSACTIONS In March, the Company purchased a prominent office portfolio for $367 million. This included three buildings comprising 581,000 square feet in the high-demand market of Short Hills, New Jersey and three buildings totaling 532,000 square feet in the prestigious Giralda Farms campus in Madison, New Jersey. With the expected completion of this acquisition, Mack-Cali will own virtually 100 percent of the class A office market in Short Hills, which has the highest rents in the state. The Giralda Farms properties present a value-add opportunity to reposition high-quality assets to meet the demands of today's significant corporate users.  The Morris County office market has been consistently the first choice for corporate users establishing new state-of-the-art headquarters facilities and has attracted large, multi-national pharmaceutical and other Fortune 500 companies. In February, Mack-Cali's multi-family subsidiary Roseland Residential Trust acquired all of the joint venture partner interests in a development site known as Plaza 8/9 in Jersey City, New Jersey, and converted its ownership on the valuable development site from 50 to 100 percent. The purchase price was $57,100,000.  The site is planned for future residential development and is directly adjacent to Harborside on the Hudson River waterfront. In April, Roseland acquired all joint venture partner interests in Monaco, Jersey City, New Jersey, the 523-apartment, two-tower, stabilized community completed in 2011. The transaction converted Roseland's non-cash flowing 15 percent subordinate interest to 100 percent.  The Monaco transaction, valued at $315 million or $602,000/unit, represents a capitalization rate of 4.66 percent on a trailing 12-month basis.  BALANCE SHEET/CAPITAL MARKETS As of March 31, 2017, the Company had a debt-to-undepreciated assets ratio of 43.8 percent compared to 41.6 percent at December 31, 2016 and 40.4 percent at March 31, 2016.   Net debt to EBITDA for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was 8.5 times compared to 7.5 times for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.  The Company had an interest coverage ratio of 3.8 times for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 compared to 3.5 times for the quarter ended December 31, 2016 and 3.0 times for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. In January 2017, the Company closed on senior unsecured credit facilities totaling $925 million with a group of 13 lenders, with Wells Fargo Securities, LLC; J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners; and Capital One, National Association and U.S. Bank National Association as joint lead arrangers. The credit facilities are comprised of a renewal and extension of the Company's existing $600 million unsecured revolving facility and a new $325 million unsecured delayed-draw term loan. The $600 million credit facility carries an interest rate equal to LIBOR plus 120 basis points and a facility fee of 25 basis points.  The facility has a term of four years with two six-month extension options.  The new $325 million term loan was drawn in full by March 31, 2017 and carries an interest rate equal to LIBOR plus 140 basis points and a ticking fee of 25 basis points on any undrawn balance during the first 12 months after closing.  On March 29, 2017, the Company executed interest rate swap arrangements to fix LIBOR with an aggregate average rate of 1.6473% for the swaps and a current aggregate fixed rate of 3.0473% on borrowings under the term loan.  The term loan matures in three years with two one-year extension options.  The interest rate on the revolving credit facility and new term loan and the facility fee on the revolving credit facility are subject to adjustment, on a sliding scale, based upon the Company's unsecured debt ratings, or at the Company's option, based on a defined leverage ratio. The credit facilities also contain accordion features providing for expansion of the facilities up to a total of $1.275 billion. On February 27, 2017, Roseland announced the signing of the Rockpoint transaction – a $300 million equity investment that will provide capital to further execute on the objectives of Roseland's residential business plan. Highlights of the Rockpoint transaction include: Rockpoint committed to fund $300 million of equity into RRT over the next two years, of which $150 million was funded at the closing on March 10, 2017. Mack-Cali will have the option to fund up to $200 million of equity into RRT after Rockpoint's commitment is fully funded. RRT received a deemed funded existing equity value at closing of $1.23 billion. Upon full Rockpoint and Mack-Cali funding, pro forma ownership would be approximately 83 percent Mack-Cali and 17 percent Rockpoint. Alterra at Overlook Ridge, Malden and Revere, Massachusetts: In January, the Company placed a seven-year, $100 million mortgage on the community at an interest-only rate of 3.75 percent. DIVIDENDS In March 2017, the Company's Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.15 per common share (indicating an annual rate of $0.60 per common share) for the first quarter 2017, which was paid on April 13, 2017 to shareholders of record as of April 5, 2017. The Company's Core FFO dividend payout ratio for the quarter was 26.9 percent. GUIDANCE/OUTLOOK The Company expressed comfort with net income and FFO per diluted share for the full year 2017, as follows: Full Year 2017 Range Net income available to common shareholders $ 0.36 - $ 0.51 Add (deduct): Real estate-related depreciation and amortization on continuing operations 1.95 Redemption value adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests 0.11 Realized (gains) losses and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net (0.05) Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint ventures (0.12) Funds from operations $ 2.25 - $ 2.40 These estimates reflect management's view of current market conditions and certain assumptions with regard to rental rates, occupancy levels and other assumptions/projections. Actual results could differ from these estimates. CONFERENCE CALL/SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION An earnings conference call with management is scheduled for May 10, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time, which will be broadcast live via the Internet at:  http://phoenix.corporate-ir.net/phoenix.zhtml?p=irol-eventDetails&c=96021&eventID=5256256 The live conference call is also accessible by calling (719) 457-2667 and requesting the Mack-Cali conference call. The conference call will be rebroadcast on Mack-Cali's website at https://www.mack-cali.com/investors/events-presentations/ beginning at 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time on May 10, 2017 through May 17, 2017. A replay of the call will also be accessible during the same time period by calling (719) 457-0820 and using the pass code, 8398965. Copies of Mack-Cali's Form 10-Q and Supplemental Operating and Financial Data are available on Mack-Cali's website, as follows: First Quarter 2017 Form 10-Q:  https://www.mack-cali.com/media/1028960/1stquarter10q17.pdf First Quarter 2017 Supplemental Operating and Financial Data:  https://www.mack-cali.com/media/1028954/1stquartersp17.pdf First Quarter 2017 Supplemental Operating and Financial Data for Roseland Residential Platform:  https://www.mack-cali.com/media/1028957/1stquartersp17Roseland.pdf In addition, these items are available upon request from:  Mack-Cali Investor Relations Department - Deidre Crockett  Harborside 3, 210 Hudson St., Ste. 400, Jersey City, New Jersey 07311  (732) 590-1025 INFORMATION ABOUT FFO Funds from operations ("FFO") is defined as net income (loss) before noncontrolling interests of unitholders, computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"), excluding gains or losses from depreciable rental property transactions, and impairments related to depreciable rental property, plus real estate-related depreciation and amortization. The Company believes that FFO per share is helpful to investors as one of several measures of the performance of an equity REIT. The Company further believes that as FFO per share excludes the effect of depreciation, gains (or losses) from sales of properties and impairments related to depreciable rental property (all of which are based on historical costs which may be of limited relevance in evaluating current performance), FFO per share can facilitate comparison of operating performance between equity REITs. FFO per share should not be considered as an alternative to net income available to common shareholders per share as an indication of the Company's performance or to cash flows as a measure of liquidity.  FFO per share presented herein is not necessarily comparable to FFO per share presented by other real estate companies due to the fact that not all real estate companies use the same definition. However, the Company's FFO per share is comparable to the FFO per share of real estate companies that use the current definition of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ("NAREIT"). A reconciliation of net income per share to FFO per share is included in the financial tables accompanying this press release. Core FFO is defined as FFO, as adjusted for certain items to facilitate comparative measurement of the Company's performance over time.  Core FFO is presented solely as supplemental disclosure that the Company's management believes provides useful information to investors and analysts of its results, after adjusting for certain items to facilitate comparability of its performance from period to period. Core FFO is a non-GAAP financial measure that is not intended to represent cash flow and is not indicative of cash flows provided by operating activities as determined in accordance with GAAP.  As there is not a generally accepted definition established for Core FFO, the Company's measures of Core FFO may not be comparable to the Core FFO reported by other REITs.  A reconciliation of net income per share to Core FFO in dollars and per share is included in the financial tables accompanying this press release. ABOUT THE COMPANY Mack-Cali Realty Corporation is a fully integrated, self-administered, self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT) providing management, leasing, development, and other tenant-related services for its two-platform operations of waterfront and transit-based office and luxury multi-family assets.  Mack-Cali provides its tenants and residents with the most innovative communities that empower them to re-imagine the way they work and live. Additional information on Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and the commercial real estate properties and multi-family residential communities available for lease can be found on the Company's website at www.mack-cali.com. The information in this press release must be read in conjunction with, and is modified in its entirety by, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the "10-Q") filed by the Company for the same period with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and all of the Company's other public filings with the SEC (the "Public Filings"). In particular, the financial information contained herein is subject to and qualified by reference to the financial statements contained in the 10-Q, the footnotes thereto and the limitations set forth therein. Investors may not rely on the press release without reference to the 10-Q and the Public Filings. We consider portions of this report, including the documents incorporated by reference, to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 21E of such act.  Such forward-looking statements relate to, without limitation, our future economic performance, plans and objectives for future operations and projections of revenue and other financial items.  Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as "may," "will," "plan," "potential," "projected," "should," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "target," "continue" or comparable terminology.  Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which we cannot predict with accuracy and some of which we might not even anticipate.  Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions at the time made, we can give no assurance that such expectations will be achieved.  Future events and actual results, financial and otherwise, may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements.  Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Contact: Michael J. DeMarco Anthony Krug Deidre Crockett Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer Director of Investor Relations (732) 590-1589 (732) 590-1030 (732) 590-1025       Mack-Cali Realty Corporation Consolidated Statements of Operations (In thousands, except per share amounts) (unaudited) Three Months Ended March 31, REVENUES 2017 2016 Base rents $ 121,255 $ 126,387 Escalations and recoveries from tenants 15,119 14,961 Real estate services 6,465 6,812 Parking income 4,229 3,156 Other income 2,819 1,607     Total revenues 149,887 152,923 EXPENSES Real estate taxes 21,092 23,226 Utilities 11,414 13,578 Operating services 27,091 26,732 Real estate services expenses 6,270 6,846 General and administrative 11,592 12,249 Depreciation and amortization 47,631 43,063     Total expenses 125,090 125,694 Operating income 24,797 27,229 OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME Interest expense (20,321) (24,993) Interest and other investment income (loss) 474 (669) Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures (51) (1,554) Gain on change of control of interests - 10,156 Realized gains (losses) and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net 5,506 58,600 Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture 12,563 - Loss from extinguishment of debt, net (239) -     Total other income (expense) (2,068) 41,540 Net income 22,729 68,769 Noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 237 706 Noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership (2,295) (7,284) Redeemable noncontrolling interest (792) - Net income available to common shareholders $ 19,879 $ 62,191 Basic earnings per common share: Net income available to common shareholders $ 0.11 $ 0.69 Diluted earnings per common share: Net income available to common shareholders $ 0.11 $ 0.69 Basic weighted average shares outstanding 89,955 89,721 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 100,637 100,315       Mack-Cali Realty Corporation Statements of Funds from Operations (in thousands, except per share/unit amounts) (unaudited) Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 2016 Net income available to common shareholders $ 19,879 $ 62,191 Add (deduct): Noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership 2,295 7,284 Real estate-related depreciation and amortization on continuing operations (a) 51,757 47,459 Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture (12,563) - Gain on change of control of interests - (10,156) Realized gains and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net (5,506) (58,600) Funds from operations (b) $ 55,862 $ 48,178 Diluted weighted average shares/units outstanding (c) 100,637 100,315 Funds from operations per share/unit-diluted $ 0.56 $ 0.48 Dividends declared per common share $ 0.15 $ 0.15 Dividend payout ratio:      Core Funds from operations-diluted 26.9 % 30.7 % Supplemental Information: Non-incremental revenue generating capital expenditures:      Building improvements $ 4,969 $ 4,368      Tenant improvements & leasing commissions (d) $ 3,965 $ 10,538 Tenant improvements & leasing commissions on space vacant for more than a year $ 7,160 $ 16,461 Straight-line rent adjustments (e) $ 3,013 $ 2,361 Amortization of (above)/below market lease intangibles, net (f) $ 1,577 $ 169 Non real estate depreciation and amortization $ 377 $ 225 Amortization of deferred financing costs $ 1,103 $ 1,169   (a) Includes the Company's share from unconsolidated joint ventures, and adjustments for noncontrolling interest, of $4,503 and $4,621 for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  Excludes non-real estate-related depreciation and amortization of $377 and $225 for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. (b) Funds from operations is calculated in accordance with the definition of FFO of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (NAREIT). See "Information About FFO" in this release. (c) Calculated based on weighted average common shares outstanding, assuming redemption of Operating Partnership common units into common shares (10,384 and 10,509 shares for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively), plus dilutive Common Stock Equivalents (i.e. stock options). (d) Excludes expenditures for tenant spaces that have not been owned for at least a year. (e) Includes the Company's share from unconsolidated joint ventures of $(12) and $169 for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. (f) Includes the Company's share from unconsolidated joint ventures of $95 and $95 for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.     Mack-Cali Realty Corporation Statements of Funds from Operations (FFO) and Core FFO per Diluted Share (amounts are per diluted share, except share counts in thousands) (unaudited) Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 2016 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders $ 0.11 $ 0.69 Add (deduct): Real estate-related depreciation and amortization on continuing operations (a) 0.51 0.47 Redemption value adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests 0.11 - Gain on change of control of interests - (0.10) Realized (gains) losses and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net (0.05) (0.58) Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture (0.12) - Funds from operations (b) $ 0.56 $ 0.48 Add/(Deduct): Mark-to-market interest rate swap - $ 0.01 Core FFO $ 0.56 $ 0.49 Diluted weighted average shares/units outstanding (c) 100,637 100,315   (a) Includes the Company's share from unconsolidated joint ventures of $0.04 and $0.05 for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. (b) Funds from operations is calculated in accordance with the definition of FFO of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (NAREIT). See "Information About FFO" in this release. (c) Calculated based on weighted average common shares outstanding, assuming redemption of Operating Partnership common units into common shares (10,384 and 10,509 shares for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively), plus dilutive Common Stock Equivalents (i.e. stock options).       Mack-Cali Realty Corporation Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except per share amounts) (unaudited) March 31, December 31, Assets 2017 2016 Rental property   Land and leasehold interests $ 752,842 $ 661,335   Buildings and improvements 4,107,508 3,758,210   Tenant improvements 384,263 364,092   Furniture, fixtures and equipment 23,499 21,230 5,268,112 4,804,867 Less – accumulated depreciation and amortization (1,327,967) (1,332,073) 3,940,145 3,472,794 Rental property held for sale, net 2,131 39,743 Net investment in rental property 3,942,276 3,512,537 Cash and cash equivalents 168,316 31,611 Investments in unconsolidated joint ventures 325,150 320,047 Unbilled rents receivable, net 102,858 101,052 Deferred charges, goodwill and other assets, net 308,428 267,950 Restricted cash 57,596 53,952 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $1,055 and $1,335 9,603 9,617 Total assets $ 4,914,227 $ 4,296,766 Liabilities and Equity Senior unsecured notes, net $ 817,824 $ 817,355 Unsecured revolving credit facility and term loans 760,937 634,069 Mortgages, loans payable and other obligations, net 1,152,443 888,585 Dividends and distributions payable 15,423 15,327 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 169,988 159,874 Rents received in advance and security deposits 53,496 46,442 Accrued interest payable 16,540 8,427    Total liabilities 2,986,651 2,570,079 Commitments and contingencies Redeemable noncontrolling interests 202,714 - Equity: Mack-Cali Realty Corporation stockholders' equity: Common stock, $0.01 par value, 190,000,000 shares authorized, 89,844,752 and 89,696,713 shares outstanding 898 897 Additional paid-in capital 2,570,093 2,576,473 Dividends in excess of net earnings (1,045,786) (1,052,184) Accumulated other comprehensive income 3,085 1,985    Total Mack-Cali Realty Corporation stockholders' equity 1,528,290 1,527,171 Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries: Operating Partnership 175,877 178,570 Consolidated joint ventures 20,695 20,946 Total noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 196,572 199,516 Total equity 1,724,862 1,726,687 Total liabilities and equity $ 4,914,227 $ 4,296,766       SOURCE Mack-Cali Realty Corporation CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Conference Call Announcements, Earnings, Earnings Projects or Forecasts, Real Estate Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Research and Markets – Global Airport Digitization Market 2017-2021 with Cisco Systems, IBM, Microsoft, Siemens & SITA Dominating Next PostNext Pilgrim’s Pride Announces New Credit Facility Search Recent Posts New and Improved Viking Ranges Now on Sale at Appliances Connection for 10% Back! Television Program Attacks Abuse of Language in Politics Apple &amp; Nike launch Apple Watch Nike+ Apple introduces Apple Watch Series 2 Apple introduces iPhone 7 &amp; iPhone 7 Plus RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Community Health Systems, Inc. Announces Pricing of Upsized Tack-On Offering of $900,000,000 of 6.250% Senior Secured Notes Due 2023 FRANKLIN, Tenn.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Community Health Systems, Inc. (NYSE: CYH) (the “Company”) today announced that its wholly owned subsidiary CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. (the “Issuer”) has priced a tack-on offering (the “offering”) of $900,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 6.250% Senior Secured Notes due 2023 (the “Additional Notes”) at an issue price of 101.75% of their aggregate principal amount plus accrued interest from March 16, 2017. The size of the offering was increased by $200,000,000 aggregate principal amount subsequent to the initial announcement of the offering. The sale of the Additional Notes is expected to be consummated on or about May 12, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. The offering is being made by means of an underwritten public offering pursuant to an automatic shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the offering to prepay and extinguish the Company’s Term A Facility, to pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes, which may include the repayment of secured debt. The underwriters in connection with the offering are Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, BofA Merrill Lynch, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, BBVA Securities Inc., Fifth Third Securities, Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. The offering will be made only by means of a prospectus and related prospectus supplement, copies of which may be obtained on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, these documents may be obtained from Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC by directing a request to Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Document Retention, 11 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010, or by calling (800) 221-1037 (toll-free). This press release is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. Such an offer can only be made by delivery of a prospectus and prospectus supplement, if applicable, that have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About Community Health Systems, Inc. Community Health Systems, Inc. is one of the largest publicly traded hospital companies in the United States and a leading operator of general acute care hospitals in communities across the country. The Company, through its subsidiaries, owns, leases or operates 146 hospitals in 21 states with an aggregate of approximately 24,000 licensed beds. The Company’s headquarters are located in Franklin, Tennessee, a suburb south of Nashville. Shares in Community Health Systems, Inc. are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “CYH.” Forward-Looking Statements Statements contained in this press release regarding the proposed transactions and other events are forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties. Actual future events or results may differ materially from these statements. Readers are referred to the documents filed by Community Health Systems, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K, current reports on Form 8-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. These filings identify important risk factors and other uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Robbins Arroyo LLP: United States Steel Corporation (X) Misled Shareholders According to a Recently Filed Class Action Next PostNext Lakeside Floral & Gift Brings Custom Floral Arrangement to their Online Store Search Recent Posts Global Construction Composites Market Will Flourish by 2016 – 2024 Panama Hosts Forum on National Strategy to Prevent Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism ROAM Expands And Becomes ROAMERICA Oligo Medic Appoints Jerett Creed As CEO Consumer Identity Access Management Market: Professional Market Research Report and Forecasts, 2017 – 2025 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Church & Dwight Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Church & Dwight Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Anticipate Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $901.23 Million VMware, Inc. (VMW) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.65 Per Share $142.03 Million in Sales Expected for Taubman Centers, Inc. (TCO) This Quarter VMware, Inc. (VMW) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.7 Billion $0.73 EPS Expected for Genesee & Wyoming Inc (GWR) This Quarter Insider Selling: Universal Display Co. (OLED) Insider Sells 18,000 Shares of Stock Reid M. Huber Sells 8,577 Shares of Incyte Co. (INCY) Stock Steven D. Jaeger Sells 45,407 Shares of Quad/Graphics, Inc. (QUAD) Stock Insider Buying: Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) Director Purchases 50,000 Shares of Stock DURECT (DRRX) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows DiamondRock Hospitality Company (DRH) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.08 Delta Apparel (DLA) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.17 Delek Logistics Partners (DKL) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.01 Cubic (CUB) Given Daily News Impact Score of 0.02 Catchmark Timber Trust (CTT) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.35 Changyou.Com (CYOU) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) Position Maintained by Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc Has $293,000 Position in Markel Co. (MKL) Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc Maintains Stake in FMC Corp (FMC) Marathon Capital Management Has $190,000 Position in Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Analysts Anticipate Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $901.23 Million May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities research analysts expect Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD) to post sales of $901.23 million for the current quarter, Zacks reports. Ten analysts have made estimates for Church & Dwight Co.’s earnings, with the highest sales estimate coming in at $907.9 million and the lowest estimate coming in at $896.6 million. Church & Dwight Co. posted sales of $877.4 million in the same quarter last year, which would indicate a positive year-over-year growth rate of 2.7%. The firm is scheduled to announce its next quarterly earnings report on Thursday, August 3rd. On average, analysts expect that Church & Dwight Co. will report full-year sales of $901.23 million for the current year, with estimates ranging from $3.6 billion to $3.65 billion. For the next financial year, analysts expect that the company will post sales of $3.74 billion per share, with estimates ranging from $3.71 billion to $3.78 billion. Zacks Investment Research’s sales calculations are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that cover Church & Dwight Co.. Church & Dwight Co. (NYSE:CHD) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $0.52 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.46 by $0.06. Church & Dwight Co. had a return on equity of 23.11% and a net margin of 13.14%. The company had revenue of $877.20 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $869.06 million. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.43 earnings per share. Church & Dwight Co.’s revenue was up 3.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Several research analysts recently issued reports on the company. Vetr lowered Church & Dwight Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $46.83 target price on the stock. in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $54.00 target price on shares of Church & Dwight Co. in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on Church & Dwight Co. in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. They set a “neutral” rating and a $53.00 price target on the stock. Barclays PLC reiterated a “sell” rating and set a $38.00 price target on shares of Church & Dwight Co. in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Church & Dwight Co. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $49.17. Church & Dwight Co. (NYSE:CHD) traded down 0.65% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $50.29. The company had a trading volume of 1,043,402 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $50.02 and a 200-day moving average price of $47.21. The stock has a market capitalization of $12.53 billion, a PE ratio of 27.48 and a beta of 0.43. Church & Dwight Co. has a 52 week low of $42.56 and a 52 week high of $53.68. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, May 16th will be paid a $0.19 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, May 12th. This represents a $0.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.51%. Church & Dwight Co.’s payout ratio is 40.69%. In other news, VP Paul A. Siracusa sold 25,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $50.02, for a total value of $1,250,500.00. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 26,279 shares in the company, valued at $1,314,475.58. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Bradley C. Irwin sold 20,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $49.65, for a total value of $993,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 61,570 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,056,950.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 62,400 shares of company stock worth $3,110,542 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 2.17% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Commonwealth Bank of Australia increased its stake in shares of Church & Dwight Co. by 100.0% in the third quarter. Commonwealth Bank of Australia now owns 2,164 shares of the company’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 1,082 shares during the last quarter. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Church & Dwight Co. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $115,000. Citizens Financial Group Inc RI increased its stake in shares of Church & Dwight Co. by 100.0% in the third quarter. Citizens Financial Group Inc RI now owns 2,700 shares of the company’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 1,350 shares during the last quarter. Mizuho Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its stake in shares of Church & Dwight Co. by 81.7% in the third quarter. Mizuho Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 2,772 shares of the company’s stock worth $133,000 after buying an additional 1,246 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Johnson Financial Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Church & Dwight Co. by 10.2% in the fourth quarter. Johnson Financial Group Inc. now owns 3,228 shares of the company’s stock worth $143,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 78.56% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Analysts Anticipate Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $901.23 Million” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/analysts-anticipate-church-dwight-co-inc-chd-will-post-quarterly-sales-of-901-23-million.html. Church & Dwight Co. Company Profile Church & Dwight Co, Inc develops, manufactures and markets a range of household, personal care and specialty products. The Company’s segments include Consumer Domestic, Consumer International and Specialty Products Division (SPD). The Company also sells specialty products to industrial customers and distributors. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Church & Dwight Co. (CHD) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Church & Dwight Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Church & Dwight Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Mack-Cali Realty Corporation Announces First Quarter 2017 Results JERSEY CITY, N.J., May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Mack-Cali Realty Corporation (NYSE: CLI) today reported its results for the first quarter 2017. FIRST QUARTER 2017 HIGHLIGHTS Net income of $0.11 per diluted share for the quarter; Funds from Operations per diluted share of $0.56 and Core Funds from Operations growth of 14% to $0.56 for the quarter; Adjusted funds from operations (AFFO) increased by $20.2 million, or 112%, to $38.3 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, as compared to $18.1 million for the comparable period in 2016; Increased rental rates by 11.4% on a GAAP basis and 1.2% on a cash basis at its Core/Waterfront/Flex properties; Core/Waterfront/Flex properties 90.4% leased; Leased 362,075 square feet; Signed $300 million equity transaction for Roseland multi-family subsidiary; Increased Roseland occupancy to 97.5%, up 1.5% over fourth quarter; Urby achieved 36% occupancy in two months of leasing at average rent of $55 per square foot; Declared $0.15 per share quarterly common stock dividend; and Reaffirmed 2017 FFO guidance of $2.25 to $2.40 per diluted share. Michael J. DeMarco, chief executive officer, commented „We continue on our steady progress of driving our results and creating and growing our NAV. Our multi-family transformation is largely complete and producing higher than expected results.” FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS * All per share amounts presented below are on a diluted basis. Net income available to common shareholders for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 amounted to $19.9 million, or $0.11 per share, as compared to $62.2 million, or $0.69 per share, for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. Funds from operations (FFO) for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 amounted to $55.9 million, or $0.56 per share, as compared to $48.2 million, or $0.48 per share, for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. For the first quarter 2017, Core FFO was $0.56 per share after adjusting for certain items. The quarter’s Core FFO per share of $0.56 increased 14 percent from the same quarter last year primarily due to increased base rents in 2017 and interest expense savings from refinancing of high rate debt. Adjusted funds from operations (AFFO) increased by $20.2 million to $38.3 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, as compared to $18.1 million for the comparable period in 2016. OPERATING HIGHLIGHTS Mack-Cali’s consolidated Core, Waterfront and Flex properties were 90.4 percent leased at March 31, 2017, as compared to 90.6 percent leased at December 31, 2016 and 89.1 percent leased at December 31, 2015. For the quarter ended March 31, 2017, the Company executed 54 leases at its consolidated in-service commercial portfolio totaling 362,075 square feet. Of these totals, 15 percent were for new leases and 85 percent were for lease renewals and other tenant retention transactions.  Rental rate roll up for first quarter 2017 transactions in the Company’s Core, Waterfront and Flex properties was 1.2 percent on a cash basis and 11.4 percent on a GAAP basis. RECENT TRANSACTIONS In March, the Company purchased a prominent office portfolio for $367 million. This included three buildings comprising 581,000 square feet in the high-demand market of Short Hills, New Jersey and three buildings totaling 532,000 square feet in the prestigious Giralda Farms campus in Madison, New Jersey. With the expected completion of this acquisition, Mack-Cali will own virtually 100 percent of the class A office market in Short Hills, which has the highest rents in the state. The Giralda Farms properties present a value-add opportunity to reposition high-quality assets to meet the demands of today’s significant corporate users.  The Morris County office market has been consistently the first choice for corporate users establishing new state-of-the-art headquarters facilities and has attracted large, multi-national pharmaceutical and other Fortune 500 companies. In February, Mack-Cali’s multi-family subsidiary Roseland Residential Trust acquired all of the joint venture partner interests in a development site known as Plaza 8/9 in Jersey City, New Jersey, and converted its ownership on the valuable development site from 50 to 100 percent. The purchase price was $57,100,000.  The site is planned for future residential development and is directly adjacent to Harborside on the Hudson River waterfront. In April, Roseland acquired all joint venture partner interests in Monaco, Jersey City, New Jersey, the 523-apartment, two-tower, stabilized community completed in 2011. The transaction converted Roseland’s non-cash flowing 15 percent subordinate interest to 100 percent.  The Monaco transaction, valued at $315 million or $602,000/unit, represents a capitalization rate of 4.66 percent on a trailing 12-month basis.  BALANCE SHEET/CAPITAL MARKETS As of March 31, 2017, the Company had a debt-to-undepreciated assets ratio of 43.8 percent compared to 41.6 percent at December 31, 2016 and 40.4 percent at March 31, 2016.   Net debt to EBITDA for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 was 8.5 times compared to 7.5 times for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.  The Company had an interest coverage ratio of 3.8 times for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 compared to 3.5 times for the quarter ended December 31, 2016 and 3.0 times for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. In January 2017, the Company closed on senior unsecured credit facilities totaling $925 million with a group of 13 lenders, with Wells Fargo Securities, LLC; J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners; and Capital One, National Association and U.S. Bank National Association as joint lead arrangers. The credit facilities are comprised of a renewal and extension of the Company’s existing $600 million unsecured revolving facility and a new $325 million unsecured delayed-draw term loan. The $600 million credit facility carries an interest rate equal to LIBOR plus 120 basis points and a facility fee of 25 basis points.  The facility has a term of four years with two six-month extension options.  The new $325 million term loan was drawn in full by March 31, 2017 and carries an interest rate equal to LIBOR plus 140 basis points and a ticking fee of 25 basis points on any undrawn balance during the first 12 months after closing.  On March 29, 2017, the Company executed interest rate swap arrangements to fix LIBOR with an aggregate average rate of 1.6473% for the swaps and a current aggregate fixed rate of 3.0473% on borrowings under the term loan.  The term loan matures in three years with two one-year extension options.  The interest rate on the revolving credit facility and new term loan and the facility fee on the revolving credit facility are subject to adjustment, on a sliding scale, based upon the Company’s unsecured debt ratings, or at the Company’s option, based on a defined leverage ratio. The credit facilities also contain accordion features providing for expansion of the facilities up to a total of $1.275 billion. On February 27, 2017, Roseland announced the signing of the Rockpoint transaction – a $300 million equity investment that will provide capital to further execute on the objectives of Roseland’s residential business plan. Highlights of the Rockpoint transaction include: Rockpoint committed to fund $300 million of equity into RRT over the next two years, of which $150 million was funded at the closing on March 10, 2017. Mack-Cali will have the option to fund up to $200 million of equity into RRT after Rockpoint’s commitment is fully funded. RRT received a deemed funded existing equity value at closing of $1.23 billion. Upon full Rockpoint and Mack-Cali funding, pro forma ownership would be approximately 83 percent Mack-Cali and 17 percent Rockpoint. Alterra at Overlook Ridge, Malden and Revere, Massachusetts: In January, the Company placed a seven-year, $100 million mortgage on the community at an interest-only rate of 3.75 percent. DIVIDENDS In March 2017, the Company’s Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.15 per common share (indicating an annual rate of $0.60 per common share) for the first quarter 2017, which was paid on April 13, 2017 to shareholders of record as of April 5, 2017. The Company’s Core FFO dividend payout ratio for the quarter was 26.9 percent. GUIDANCE/OUTLOOK The Company expressed comfort with net income and FFO per diluted share for the full year 2017, as follows: Full Year 2017 Range Net income available to common shareholders $ 0.36 – $ 0.51 Add (deduct): Real estate-related depreciation and amortization on continuing operations 1.95 Redemption value adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests 0.11 Realized (gains) losses and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net (0.05) Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint ventures (0.12) Funds from operations $ 2.25 – $ 2.40 These estimates reflect management’s view of current market conditions and certain assumptions with regard to rental rates, occupancy levels and other assumptions/projections. Actual results could differ from these estimates. CONFERENCE CALL/SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION An earnings conference call with management is scheduled for May 10, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time, which will be broadcast live via the Internet at:  http://phoenix.corporate-ir.net/phoenix.zhtml?p=irol-eventDetails&c=96021&eventID=5256256 The live conference call is also accessible by calling (719) 457-2667 and requesting the Mack-Cali conference call. The conference call will be rebroadcast on Mack-Cali’s website at https://www.mack-cali.com/investors/events-presentations/ beginning at 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time on May 10, 2017 through May 17, 2017. A replay of the call will also be accessible during the same time period by calling (719) 457-0820 and using the pass code, 8398965. Copies of Mack-Cali’s Form 10-Q and Supplemental Operating and Financial Data are available on Mack-Cali’s website, as follows: First Quarter 2017 Form 10-Q:  https://www.mack-cali.com/media/1028960/1stquarter10q17.pdf First Quarter 2017 Supplemental Operating and Financial Data:  https://www.mack-cali.com/media/1028954/1stquartersp17.pdf First Quarter 2017 Supplemental Operating and Financial Data for Roseland Residential Platform:  https://www.mack-cali.com/media/1028957/1stquartersp17Roseland.pdf In addition, these items are available upon request from:  Mack-Cali Investor Relations Department – Deidre Crockett  Harborside 3, 210 Hudson St., Ste. 400, Jersey City, New Jersey 07311  (732) 590-1025 INFORMATION ABOUT FFO Funds from operations („FFO”) is defined as net income (loss) before noncontrolling interests of unitholders, computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles („GAAP”), excluding gains or losses from depreciable rental property transactions, and impairments related to depreciable rental property, plus real estate-related depreciation and amortization. The Company believes that FFO per share is helpful to investors as one of several measures of the performance of an equity REIT. The Company further believes that as FFO per share excludes the effect of depreciation, gains (or losses) from sales of properties and impairments related to depreciable rental property (all of which are based on historical costs which may be of limited relevance in evaluating current performance), FFO per share can facilitate comparison of operating performance between equity REITs. FFO per share should not be considered as an alternative to net income available to common shareholders per share as an indication of the Company’s performance or to cash flows as a measure of liquidity.  FFO per share presented herein is not necessarily comparable to FFO per share presented by other real estate companies due to the fact that not all real estate companies use the same definition. However, the Company’s FFO per share is comparable to the FFO per share of real estate companies that use the current definition of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts („NAREIT”). A reconciliation of net income per share to FFO per share is included in the financial tables accompanying this press release. Core FFO is defined as FFO, as adjusted for certain items to facilitate comparative measurement of the Company’s performance over time.  Core FFO is presented solely as supplemental disclosure that the Company’s management believes provides useful information to investors and analysts of its results, after adjusting for certain items to facilitate comparability of its performance from period to period. Core FFO is a non-GAAP financial measure that is not intended to represent cash flow and is not indicative of cash flows provided by operating activities as determined in accordance with GAAP.  As there is not a generally accepted definition established for Core FFO, the Company’s measures of Core FFO may not be comparable to the Core FFO reported by other REITs.  A reconciliation of net income per share to Core FFO in dollars and per share is included in the financial tables accompanying this press release. ABOUT THE COMPANY Mack-Cali Realty Corporation is a fully integrated, self-administered, self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT) providing management, leasing, development, and other tenant-related services for its two-platform operations of waterfront and transit-based office and luxury multi-family assets.  Mack-Cali provides its tenants and residents with the most innovative communities that empower them to re-imagine the way they work and live. Additional information on Mack-Cali Realty Corporation and the commercial real estate properties and multi-family residential communities available for lease can be found on the Company’s website at www.mack-cali.com. The information in this press release must be read in conjunction with, and is modified in its entirety by, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the „10-Q”) filed by the Company for the same period with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the „SEC”) and all of the Company’s other public filings with the SEC (the „Public Filings”). In particular, the financial information contained herein is subject to and qualified by reference to the financial statements contained in the 10-Q, the footnotes thereto and the limitations set forth therein. Investors may not rely on the press release without reference to the 10-Q and the Public Filings. We consider portions of this report, including the documents incorporated by reference, to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 21E of such act.  Such forward-looking statements relate to, without limitation, our future economic performance, plans and objectives for future operations and projections of revenue and other financial items.  Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as „may,” „will,” „plan,” „potential,” „projected,” „should,” „expect,” „anticipate,” „estimate,” „target,” „continue” or comparable terminology.  Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which we cannot predict with accuracy and some of which we might not even anticipate.  Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions at the time made, we can give no assurance that such expectations will be achieved.  Future events and actual results, financial and otherwise, may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements.  Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Contact: Michael J. DeMarco Anthony Krug Deidre Crockett Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer Director of Investor Relations (732) 590-1589 (732) 590-1030 (732) 590-1025 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation Consolidated Statements of Operations (In thousands, except per share amounts) (unaudited) Three Months Ended March 31, REVENUES 2017 2016 Base rents $ 121,255 $ 126,387 Escalations and recoveries from tenants 15,119 14,961 Real estate services 6,465 6,812 Parking income 4,229 3,156 Other income 2,819 1,607     Total revenues 149,887 152,923 EXPENSES Real estate taxes 21,092 23,226 Utilities 11,414 13,578 Operating services 27,091 26,732 Real estate services expenses 6,270 6,846 General and administrative 11,592 12,249 Depreciation and amortization 47,631 43,063     Total expenses 125,090 125,694 Operating income 24,797 27,229 OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME Interest expense (20,321) (24,993) Interest and other investment income (loss) 474 (669) Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated joint ventures (51) (1,554) Gain on change of control of interests – 10,156 Realized gains (losses) and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net 5,506 58,600 Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture 12,563 – Loss from extinguishment of debt, net (239) –     Total other income (expense) (2,068) 41,540 Net income 22,729 68,769 Noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 237 706 Noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership (2,295) (7,284) Redeemable noncontrolling interest (792) – Net income available to common shareholders $ 19,879 $ 62,191 Basic earnings per common share: Net income available to common shareholders $ 0.11 $ 0.69 Diluted earnings per common share: Net income available to common shareholders $ 0.11 $ 0.69 Basic weighted average shares outstanding 89,955 89,721 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 100,637 100,315 Mack-Cali Realty Corporation Statements of Funds from Operations (in thousands, except per share/unit amounts) (unaudited) Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 2016 Net income available to common shareholders $ 19,879 $ 62,191 Add (deduct): Noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership 2,295 7,284 Real estate-related depreciation and amortization on continuing operations (a) 51,757 47,459 Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture (12,563) – Gain on change of control of interests – (10,156) Realized gains and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net (5,506) (58,600) Funds from operations (b) $ 55,862 $ 48,178 Diluted weighted average shares/units outstanding (c) 100,637 100,315 Funds from operations per share/unit-diluted $ 0.56 $ 0.48 Dividends declared per common share $ 0.15 $ 0.15 Dividend payout ratio:      Core Funds from operations-diluted 26.9 % 30.7 % Supplemental Information: Non-incremental revenue generating capital expenditures:      Building improvements $ 4,969 $ 4,368      Tenant improvements & leasing commissions (d) $ 3,965 $ 10,538 Tenant improvements & leasing commissions on space vacant for more than a year $ 7,160 $ 16,461 Straight-line rent adjustments (e) $ 3,013 $ 2,361 Amortization of (above)/below market lease intangibles, net (f) $ 1,577 $ 169 Non real estate depreciation and amortization $ 377 $ 225 Amortization of deferred financing costs $ 1,103 $ 1,169 (a) Includes the Company’s share from unconsolidated joint ventures, and adjustments for noncontrolling interest, of $4,503 and $4,621 for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  Excludes non-real estate-related depreciation and amortization of $377 and $225 for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. (b) Funds from operations is calculated in accordance with the definition of FFO of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (NAREIT). See „Information About FFO” in this release. (c) Calculated based on weighted average common shares outstanding, assuming redemption of Operating Partnership common units into common shares (10,384 and 10,509 shares for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively), plus dilutive Common Stock Equivalents (i.e. stock options). (d) Excludes expenditures for tenant spaces that have not been owned for at least a year. (e) Includes the Company’s share from unconsolidated joint ventures of $(12) and $169 for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. (f) Includes the Company’s share from unconsolidated joint ventures of $95 and $95 for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Mack-Cali Realty Corporation Statements of Funds from Operations (FFO) and Core FFO per Diluted Share (amounts are per diluted share, except share counts in thousands) (unaudited) Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 2016 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders $ 0.11 $ 0.69 Add (deduct): Real estate-related depreciation and amortization on continuing operations (a) 0.51 0.47 Redemption value adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests 0.11 – Gain on change of control of interests – (0.10) Realized (gains) losses and unrealized losses on disposition of rental property, net (0.05) (0.58) Gain on sale of investment in unconsolidated joint venture (0.12) – Funds from operations (b) $ 0.56 $ 0.48 Add/(Deduct): Mark-to-market interest rate swap – $ 0.01 Core FFO $ 0.56 $ 0.49 Diluted weighted average shares/units outstanding (c) 100,637 100,315 (a) Includes the Company’s share from unconsolidated joint ventures of $0.04 and $0.05 for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. (b) Funds from operations is calculated in accordance with the definition of FFO of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (NAREIT). See „Information About FFO” in this release. (c) Calculated based on weighted average common shares outstanding, assuming redemption of Operating Partnership common units into common shares (10,384 and 10,509 shares for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively), plus dilutive Common Stock Equivalents (i.e. stock options). Mack-Cali Realty Corporation Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except per share amounts) (unaudited) March 31, December 31, Assets 2017 2016 Rental property   Land and leasehold interests $ 752,842 $ 661,335   Buildings and improvements 4,107,508 3,758,210   Tenant improvements 384,263 364,092   Furniture, fixtures and equipment 23,499 21,230 5,268,112 4,804,867 Less – accumulated depreciation and amortization (1,327,967) (1,332,073) 3,940,145 3,472,794 Rental property held for sale, net 2,131 39,743 Net investment in rental property 3,942,276 3,512,537 Cash and cash equivalents 168,316 31,611 Investments in unconsolidated joint ventures 325,150 320,047 Unbilled rents receivable, net 102,858 101,052 Deferred charges, goodwill and other assets, net 308,428 267,950 Restricted cash 57,596 53,952 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $1,055 and $1,335 9,603 9,617 Total assets $ 4,914,227 $ 4,296,766 Liabilities and Equity Senior unsecured notes, net $ 817,824 $ 817,355 Unsecured revolving credit facility and term loans 760,937 634,069 Mortgages, loans payable and other obligations, net 1,152,443 888,585 Dividends and distributions payable 15,423 15,327 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 169,988 159,874 Rents received in advance and security deposits 53,496 46,442 Accrued interest payable 16,540 8,427    Total liabilities 2,986,651 2,570,079 Commitments and contingencies Redeemable noncontrolling interests 202,714 – Equity: Mack-Cali Realty Corporation stockholders’ equity: Common stock, $0.01 par value, 190,000,000 shares authorized, 89,844,752 and 89,696,713 shares outstanding 898 897 Additional paid-in capital 2,570,093 2,576,473 Dividends in excess of net earnings (1,045,786) (1,052,184) Accumulated other comprehensive income 3,085 1,985    Total Mack-Cali Realty Corporation stockholders’ equity 1,528,290 1,527,171 Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries: Operating Partnership 175,877 178,570 Consolidated joint ventures 20,695 20,946 Total noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 196,572 199,516 Total equity 1,724,862 1,726,687 Total liabilities and equity $ 4,914,227 $ 4,296,766 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mack-cali-realty-corporation-announces-first-quarter-2017-results-300454777.html SOURCE Mack-Cali Realty Corporation Related Links http://www.mack-cali.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsConference Call Announcements, Earnings, Earnings Forecasts & Projections Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Marcelo Aller se une a ABC Financial como gerente regional de ventas Next PostNext Judicial Watch Statement on President Trump’s Decision to Fire FBI Director James Comey Search Recent Posts Judicial Watch Statement on President Trump’s Decision to Fire FBI Director James Comey Soda Taxes: Coming to a City Near You? Utility-scale solar has grown rapidly over the past five years ADDING MULTIMEDIA Dawn and Whitney Port Take Dish Soap Beyond the Sink Q&A: Exposing the realities of eviction RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cadence Bancorp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cadence Bancorp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Camden Property Trust (CPT) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.14 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate VF Corp (VFC) Will Announce Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Zacks: Yext Inc (YEXT) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Zacks: TherapeuticsMD Inc (TXMD) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Analysts IMI Plc (IMIAY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Cadence Bancorp (CADE) Given $24.88 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $37.11 Price Target for Granite Real Estate (GRP.U) Earthstone Energy Inc (ESTE) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results New Relic Inc (NEWR) Issues Q1 Earnings Guidance Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Castlight Health (CSLT) Stock Price Comstock Resources (CRK) Receives News Impact Score of -0.01 Cooper-Standard Holdings (CPS) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.24 CMS Energy (CMS) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.23 Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Increases Position in Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Busey Trust CO Has $998,000 Position in Bank of Montreal (BMO) Asset Management Advisors LLC Has $4.412 Million Position in Lennar Co. (LEN) Van Strum & Towne Inc. Cuts Position in SVB Financial Group (SIVB) MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Purchases New Position in Atmos Energy Co. (ATO) Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC Purchases New Position in PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) E*TRADE Financial Corp (ETFC) Position Increased by LS Investment Advisors LLC Cadence Bancorp (CADE) Given $24.88 Average Target Price by Analysts May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet Shares of Cadence Bancorp (NASDAQ:CADE) have been assigned a consensus broker rating score of 2.25 (Buy) from the four brokers that cover the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation, one has issued a buy recommendation and one has given a strong buy recommendation to the company. Analysts have set a one year consensus target price of $24.88 for the company, according to Zacks. Zacks has also assigned Cadence Bancorp an industry rank of 54 out of 265 based on the ratings given to its competitors. CADE has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. SunTrust Banks, Inc. began coverage on shares of Cadence Bancorp in a research note on Monday. They set a “hold” rating and a $25.00 price objective for the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc began coverage on Cadence Bancorp in a report on Monday. They set a “neutral” rating and a $24.00 target price for the company. Raymond James Financial, Inc. began coverage on Cadence Bancorp in a report on Monday. They set an “outperform” rating for the company. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on Cadence Bancorp in a report on Monday. They set an “overweight” rating and a $26.00 target price for the company. Shares of Cadence Bancorp (NASDAQ:CADE) traded down 0.59% on Tuesday, reaching $21.99. 89,425 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.65 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.28. Cadence Bancorp has a 52 week low of $21.50 and a 52 week high of $23.20. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $22.58 and its 200-day moving average price is $22.58. Cadence Bancorp (NASDAQ:CADE) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 8th. The company reported $0.35 EPS for the quarter. The company had revenue of $98.86 million for the quarter. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/cadence-bancorp-cade-given-24-88-average-target-price-by-analysts.html. Cadence Bancorp Company Profile Cadence Bancorporation is a bank holding company. The Company is focused on middle-market commercial lending, complemented by retail banking and wealth management services, and provides a broad range of banking services to businesses, individuals and business owners. It operates through three segments: Banking, Financial Services and Corporate. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Cadence Bancorp (CADE) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Cadence Bancorp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cadence Bancorp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MTS Systems Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MTS Systems Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News PTC Therapeutics, Inc. (PTCT) Shares Up 9.2% on Earnings Beat Sturm Ruger & Company Inc (RGR) Trading 9.9% Higher on Earnings Beat Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (KRO) Sees Strong Trading Volume After Strong Earnings MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume on Earnings Beat Biopharmx Corp (BPMX) Short Interest Update Short Interest in Comstock Mining Inc (LODE) Grows By 11.4% Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $1.201 Million Position in PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $1.162 Million Position in Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOX) Gargoyle Investment Advisor L.L.C. Acquires New Stake in Dorian LPG Ltd (LPG) Tesoro Co. (TSO) Shares Sold by Gargoyle Investment Advisor L.L.C. Gargoyle Investment Advisor L.L.C. Takes Position in Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (ATW) Gargoyle Investment Advisor L.L.C. Takes Position in Wyndham Worldwide Co. (WYN) Medley Capital Corp (MCC) Posts Earnings Results Rosetta Stone Inc (RST) Announces Earnings Results Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. (TNP) Given “Buy” Rating at Maxim Group Altra Industrial Motion Corp (AIMC) Price Target Increased to $40.00 by Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC Wyndham Worldwide Co. (WYN) Announces $0.58 Quarterly Dividend Microchip Technology Inc. (MCHP) to Issue Dividend Increase – $0.36 Per Share Analysts Anticipate Apollo Commercial Real Est. Finance Inc (ARI) Will Post Earnings of $0.48 Per Share MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume on Earnings Beat May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet MTS Systems Co. (NASDAQ:MTSC) saw an uptick in trading volume on Tuesday following a better than expected earnings announcement. 740,603 shares were traded during mid-day trading, an increase of 664% from the previous session’s volume of 96,938 shares.The stock last traded at $51.05 and had previously closed at $46.30. The scientific and technical instruments company reported $0.67 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.48 by $0.19. The firm had revenue of $193.42 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $185.54 million. MTS Systems had a net margin of 5.37% and a return on equity of 12.45%. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.27 earnings per share. A number of research firms have issued reports on MTSC. TheStreet cut shares of MTS Systems from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a research note on Monday, April 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of MTS Systems from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $61.00 price objective for the company. in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of MTS Systems from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. MTS Systems currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $58.75. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in MTSC. Nordea Investment Management AB boosted its position in MTS Systems by 13.3% in the first quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 27,142 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $1,494,000 after buying an additional 3,190 shares during the last quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in MTS Systems by 17.7% in the first quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 6,465 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $356,000 after buying an additional 970 shares during the last quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC boosted its position in MTS Systems by 7.0% in the first quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC now owns 3,899 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $215,000 after buying an additional 255 shares during the last quarter. Hancock Holding Co. bought a new position in MTS Systems during the first quarter valued at approximately $881,000. Finally, Martingale Asset Management L P boosted its position in MTS Systems by 1,646.4% in the first quarter. Martingale Asset Management L P now owns 62,905 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $3,463,000 after buying an additional 59,303 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 99.96% of the company’s stock. The company’s 50-day moving average is $49.91 and its 200-day moving average is $53.17. The company has a market capitalization of $854.58 million, a PE ratio of 50.10 and a beta of 1.54. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume on Earnings Beat” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/mts-systems-co-mtsc-sees-unusually-high-trading-volume-on-earnings-beat.html. MTS Systems Company Profile MTS Systems Corporation is a supplier of test systems and position sensors. The Company operates through two segments: Test and Sensors. The Test segment provides testing solutions, including hardware, software and services to ground vehicles, materials and structures markets. The Sensors segment provides position sensors for a range of industrial and mobile hydraulic applications. Receive News & Ratings for MTS Systems Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MTS Systems Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Old Mutual plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Old Mutual plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Georgia Healthcare Group PLC’s (GHG) “Add” Rating Reaffirmed at Numis Securities Ltd Eckoh PLC’s (ECK) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity Standard Life Plc (SL) Given Outperform Rating at Macquarie InterContinental Hotels Group PLC (IHG) Price Target Cut to GBX 4,500 by Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Old Mutual plc (OML) Given New GBX 205 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Admiral Group plc (ADM) Price Target Raised to GBX 2,075 at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Wellington Shields Capital Management LLC Has $772,000 Stake in Mylan (MYL) Point View Wealth Management Inc. Has $518,000 Position in Loews Co. (L) Ingredion Inc (INGR) Position Increased by Point View Wealth Management Inc. Elkfork Partners LLC Increases Position in NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Elkfork Partners LLC Has $1.632 Million Position in Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Elkfork Partners LLC Acquires 506 Shares of AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Zacks: Brokerages Expect Tempur Sealy International Inc (TPX) Will Announce Earnings of $0.42 Per Share Old Dominion Freight Line (ODFL) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $813.4 Million HSN, Inc. (HSNI) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.58 Per Share Inter Parfums, Inc. (IPAR) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Jeld-Wen Holding Inc (JELD) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Cott Co. (COT) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Cabelas Inc (CAB) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Impact Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Share Price Old Mutual plc (OML) Given New GBX 205 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Old Mutual plc (LON:OML) had its price target reduced by Goldman Sachs Group Inc from GBX 230 ($2.97) to GBX 205 ($2.65) in a research note released on Monday. They currently have a neutral rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also issued reports on OML. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Old Mutual plc to an overweight rating and increased their price target for the stock from GBX 220 ($2.85) to GBX 236 ($3.05) in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Royal Bank of Canada increased their price target on Old Mutual plc from GBX 160 ($2.07) to GBX 180 ($2.33) and gave the stock an underperform rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 240 ($3.10) price target on shares of Old Mutual plc in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Finally, Shore Capital reiterated a buy rating on shares of Old Mutual plc in a research note on Friday, April 28th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 210.80 ($2.73). Shares of Old Mutual plc (LON:OML) traded up 1.25% during trading on Monday, hitting GBX 194.00. The stock had a trading volume of 9,644,594 shares. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 9.09 billion. Old Mutual plc has a 1-year low of GBX 163.90 and a 1-year high of GBX 229.84. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 200.90 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 203.91. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Old Mutual plc (OML) Given New GBX 205 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/old-mutual-plc-oml-given-new-gbx-205-price-target-at-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 28th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 30th were given a dividend of GBX 3.39 ($0.04) per share. This is a positive change from Old Mutual plc’s previous dividend of $2.67. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 30th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.51%. About Old Mutual plc Old Mutual plc is a United Kingdom-based holding company. The Company’s business activities include life assurance, asset management business, banking, and property and casualty The Company’s segments include Emerging Markets, Nedbank, Old Mutual Wealth and Institutional Asset Management. The Other segment includes central activities. Receive News & Ratings for Old Mutual plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Old Mutual plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Invesco Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Invesco (IVZ) Stock Price Humana (HUM) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Georgia Healthcare Group PLC’s (GHG) “Add” Rating Reaffirmed at Numis Securities Ltd Eckoh PLC’s (ECK) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity Standard Life Plc (SL) Given Outperform Rating at Macquarie InterContinental Hotels Group PLC (IHG) Price Target Cut to GBX 4,500 by Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Old Mutual plc (OML) Given New GBX 205 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Admiral Group plc (ADM) Price Target Raised to GBX 2,075 at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Wellington Shields Capital Management LLC Has $772,000 Stake in Mylan (MYL) Point View Wealth Management Inc. Has $518,000 Position in Loews Co. (L) Ingredion Inc (INGR) Position Increased by Point View Wealth Management Inc. Elkfork Partners LLC Increases Position in NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Elkfork Partners LLC Has $1.632 Million Position in Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Elkfork Partners LLC Acquires 506 Shares of AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Zacks: Brokerages Expect Tempur Sealy International Inc (TPX) Will Announce Earnings of $0.42 Per Share Old Dominion Freight Line (ODFL) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $813.4 Million HSN, Inc. (HSNI) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.58 Per Share Inter Parfums, Inc. (IPAR) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Jeld-Wen Holding Inc (JELD) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Cott Co. (COT) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Invesco (IVZ) Stock Price May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News articles about Invesco (NYSE:IVZ) have been trending somewhat positive on Tuesday, Alpha One Sentiment reports. The research group, a service of Accern, rates the sentiment of press coverage by reviewing more than 20 million news and blog sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Invesco earned a news impact score of 0.18 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave headlines about the asset manager an impact score of 89 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is very likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the near future. Here are some of the news headlines that may have effected Alpha One’s analysis: Invesco : Canada announces fee reductions and capping of expenses (4-traders.com) Invesco Canada announces fee reductions and capping of expenses (finance.yahoo.com) [$$] Invesco thrust into Europe’s ferocious ETF war (finance.yahoo.com) Ocwen Financial Corporation’s (OCN) Hurting By Risk Factors- Invesco Ltd.’s (IVZ) – Wallstreet Investorplace (wallstreetinvestorplace.com) Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Insider Sells $1,944,000.00 in Stock (americanbankingnews.com) A number of research analysts recently weighed in on the company. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price target on Invesco from $32.00 to $33.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating on shares of Invesco in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Jefferies Group LLC decreased their price objective on Invesco from $36.00 to $33.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Friday, January 27th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Invesco from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, Citigroup Inc boosted their price objective on Invesco to $33.00 in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. Invesco has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $35.20. Shares of Invesco (NYSE:IVZ) traded up 0.65% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $32.56. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,340,274 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $31.21 and its 200-day moving average price is $31.08. Invesco has a one year low of $23.01 and a one year high of $33.47. The company has a market capitalization of $13.25 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.81 and a beta of 1.82. Invesco (NYSE:IVZ) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The asset manager reported $0.61 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.56 by $0.05. Invesco had a net margin of 18.04% and a return on equity of 11.79%. The business had revenue of $1.19 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.22 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.49 EPS. The firm’s revenue was down .2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Invesco will post $2.50 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be given a $0.29 dividend. This represents a $1.16 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.56%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 10th. This is an increase from Invesco’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.28. Invesco’s payout ratio is 54.63%. In other Invesco news, insider Philip Taylor sold 60,000 shares of Invesco stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $32.40, for a total value of $1,944,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 146,222 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,737,592.80. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Insiders own 1.90% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/somewhat-favorable-press-coverage-very-likely-to-affect-invesco-ivz-stock-price.html. About Invesco Invesco Ltd. (Invesco) is an independent investment management company. The Company provides a range of investment capabilities and outcomes, which are delivered through a set of investment vehicles, to help clients achieve their investment objectives. It has a presence in the retail and institutional markets within the investment management industry in North America; Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia-Pacific. Receive News & Ratings for Invesco Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Essent Group Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Essent Group Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AlarmCom Hldg Inc (ALRM) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Issues Q2 Earnings Guidance Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) Price Target Increased to $43.00 by Analysts at Barclays PLC Fortress Transprtn and Infr Investrs LLC (FTAI) Given New $20.00 Price Target at JMP Securities Fluor Co. (NEW) (FLR) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Humana Inc (HUM) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Haemonetics’ (HAE) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Five Star Senior Living Inc (FVE) Price Target Cut to $3.75 by Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC Tiptree (TIPT) Receives News Impact Score of 0.12 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Invesco (IVZ) Stock Price Humana (HUM) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Georgia Healthcare Group PLC’s (GHG) “Add” Rating Reaffirmed at Numis Securities Ltd Eckoh PLC’s (ECK) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity Standard Life Plc (SL) Given Outperform Rating at Macquarie InterContinental Hotels Group PLC (IHG) Price Target Cut to GBX 4,500 by Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Old Mutual plc (OML) Given New GBX 205 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Admiral Group plc (ADM) Price Target Raised to GBX 2,075 at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Wellington Shields Capital Management LLC Has $772,000 Stake in Mylan (MYL) Point View Wealth Management Inc. Has $518,000 Position in Loews Co. (L) Ingredion Inc (INGR) Position Increased by Point View Wealth Management Inc. Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) Price Target Increased to $43.00 by Analysts at Barclays PLC May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Essent Group Ltd (NYSE:ESNT) had its price target lifted by Barclays PLC from $40.00 to $43.00 in a research report report published on Monday. The firm currently has an overweight rating on the financial services provider’s stock. Other research analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued a hold rating and set a $40.00 price objective on shares of Essent Group in a report on Friday, April 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Essent Group from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and set a $39.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Friday, April 21st. BTIG Research reissued a hold rating on shares of Essent Group in a report on Sunday, February 12th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Essent Group from a sell rating to a buy rating and set a $39.00 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG began coverage on shares of Essent Group in a report on Friday, January 20th. They set a buy rating and a $38.00 price objective for the company. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $38.29. Shares of Essent Group (NYSE:ESNT) traded up 4.34% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $36.27. The company had a trading volume of 1,051,172 shares. Essent Group has a 52 week low of $19.57 and a 52 week high of $39.50. The company has a market capitalization of $3.39 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.90 and a beta of 1.19. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $36.69 and its 200 day moving average is $33.34. Essent Group (NYSE:ESNT) last issued its earnings results on Friday, May 5th. The financial services provider reported $0.72 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.69 by $0.03. The company had revenue of $127.60 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $126.70 million. Essent Group had a net margin of 48.58% and a return on equity of 17.85%. Essent Group’s quarterly revenue was up 24.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.52 EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that Essent Group will post $2.94 EPS for the current year. WARNING: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/essent-group-ltd-esnt-price-target-increased-to-43-00-by-analysts-at-barclays-plc.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in ESNT. Sei Investments Co. increased its position in Essent Group by 2.6% in the first quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 2,909 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $105,000 after buying an additional 74 shares during the period. New York State Teachers Retirement System increased its position in Essent Group by 1.5% in the fourth quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System now owns 6,600 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $214,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. US Bancorp DE increased its position in Essent Group by 4.6% in the first quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 4,946 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $179,000 after buying an additional 218 shares during the period. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA increased its position in Essent Group by 14.0% in the first quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 2,924 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 360 shares during the period. Finally, Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. increased its position in Essent Group by 0.7% in the first quarter. Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. now owns 57,422 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,077,000 after buying an additional 373 shares during the period. 85.37% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Essent Group Essent Group Ltd. is a private mortgage insurance company. The Company is engaged in offering private mortgage insurance and reinsurance for mortgages secured by residential properties located in the United States. Its products and services include mortgage insurance, contract underwriting, and Bermuda-based insurance and reinsurance. Receive News & Ratings for Essent Group Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Essent Group Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
2017. május 10.   Magyar Tőkepiac Közzétételek - archívum | DGAP DGAP- Adhoc | DGAP - DD | DGAP - PVR | DGAP - NVR | DGAP - AFR | DGAP - CMS | DGAP - News Tisztelt látogatónk! A Magyar Tőkepiac 2013. április 9-től megszünteti szolgáltatását; új közzétételt nem veszünk fel és nem teszünk közzé. A korábban megjelentetett közzétételek az archívumban továbbra is a régi módon kereshetők, böngészhetők maradnak. Ugyancsak megszűnik a BÉT kereskedési- és cégadatok, a befektetési alapok, a különféle nemzetközi indexek, és a devizapiaci adatok és árfolyamok, valamint grafikonok szolgáltatása. A német DGAP rendszeréből folyamatosan érkező közzétételeket és vállalati híreket változatlan strukturában, továbbra is megjelenítjük. Megértését köszönjük. DGAP-CMS: Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated: Release according to Article 30e of the WpHG [the German Securities Trading Act] with the objective of Europe-wide distribution 2017. május 09., kedd, 23:15 DGAP Post-admission Duties announcement: Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated / Third country release according to Article 30e Para. 1, No. 2 of the WpHG [the German Securities Trading Act] Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated: Release according to Article 30e of the WpHG [the German Securities Trading Act] with the objective of Europe-wide distribution 09.05.2017 / 23:15 Dissemination of a Post-admission Duties announcement according to Article 30e Para. 1, No. 2 WpHG transmitted by DGAP - a service of EQS Group AG. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): May 9, 2017 Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Ohio 1-4879 34-0183970 (State or other (Commission File (I.R.S. Employer jurisdiction of Number) Identification No.) incorporation) 5995 Mayfair Road, P.O. 44720-8077 Box 3077, North Canton, Ohio (Address of principal (Zip Code) executive offices) Registrant"s telephone number, including area code: (330) 490-4000 Not Applicable Former name or former address, if changed since last report Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter) Emerging growth company  If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On May 9, 2017 (the "Incremental Effective Date"), Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated (the "Company") entered into an incremental amendment (the "Incremental Amendment") to its Credit Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2015 (as amended, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"), among the Company, certain subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. The Incremental Amendment (i) repriced and reduced the $795.0 million U.S. Dollar-denominated term B loans issued under the Credit Agreement to the Company (the "Original Dollar Term Loans") through (a) repayment of $250.0 million thereof with the proceeds of loans drawn under its $250.0 million U.S. Dollar-denominated delayed draw term loan A facility (the "Delayed Draw Term A Loans"), (b) replacement of $70.0 million thereof with Repriced Euro Term Loans (as hereinafter defined) and (c) a refinancing of the remaining Original Dollar Term Loans with $475.0 million of new U.S. Dollar-denominated term B loans (the "Repriced Dollar Term Loans") and (ii) repriced and increased the EUR348.0 million Euro-denominated term B loans issued under the Credit Agreement to the Company (the "Original Euro Term Loans") through a refinancing thereof with EUR415.0 million of new Eurodenominated term B loans (the "Repriced Euro Term Loans"). The interest rate with respect to (i) the Repriced Dollar Term Loans is based on, at the Company"s option, adjusted LIBOR plus 2.75% (with a floor of 0.00%) or ABR plus 1.75% (with an ABR floor of 1.00%), which is a decrease from the interest rate that was applicable to the Original Dollar Term Loans, which was based on, at the Company"s option, adjusted LIBOR plus 4.50% (with a floor of 0.75%) or ABR plus 3.50% (with an ABR floor of 1.75%), (ii) the Repriced Euro Term Loans is based on adjusted EURIBOR plus 3.00% (with a floor of 0.00%), which is a decrease from the interest rate that was applicable to the Original Euro Term Loans, which was based on adjusted EURIBOR plus 4.25% (with a floor of 0.75%) and (iii) the Delayed Draw Term A Loans is based on, at the Company"s option, adjusted LIBOR or ABR plus, in each case, a margin determined by reference to the Company"s total net leverage ratio (currently adjusted LIBOR plus 1.75% or ABR plus 0.75%). The maturity date for the Repriced Dollar Term Loans and the Repriced Euro Term Loans remains November 6, 2023 and the maturity date for the Delayed Draw Term A Loans remains December 23, 2020. The Incremental Amendment also renewed the repricing premium of 1.00% in relation to the Term Loan B Facility to the date that is six (6) months after the Incremental Effective Date, removed the requirement to prepay the Repriced Dollar Term Loan and the Repriced Euro Term Loan upon any asset sale or casualty event if the Company is below a Total Net Leverage Ratio of 2.50:1.00 on a pro forma basis for such asset sale or casualty event and provides additional restricted payments and investment carveouts in regards to assets acquired with the Company"s acquisition of Wincor Nixdorf Aktiengesellschaft. All other material provisions under the Credit Agreement are unchanged. Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation. The information set forth in Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference into this Item 2.03. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated May 9, 2017 By: /s/ Christopher A. Chapman Name: Christopher A. Chapman Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 09.05.2017 The DGAP Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements, Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases. Archive at www.dgap.de Language: English Company: Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated 5995 Mayfair Road 44720 North Canton, OH United States Internet: www.diebold.com   End of News DGAP News Service 571649  09.05.2017  Tilos a hír bármilyen adatbázisba történő mentése vagy annak továbbítása harmadik fél számára;kereskedelmi viszonylatban vagy kereskedelmi céllal csak a Deutsche Gesellschaft für Ad-hoc-Publizität mbh írásos engedélyével történhet. Közzétételek - archívum » EQS-Adhoc: LifeWatch AG: Main offer period of BioTelemetry, Inc."s tender offer for LifeWatch AG shares begins [2017.05.10. 07:00] » EQS-Adhoc: LifeWatch AG: Hauptangebotsfrist vom Übernahmeangebot von BioTelemetry, Inc. für LifeWatch AG beginnt [2017.05.10. 07:00] » DGAP-News: Nevada Zinc Corporation: Projekt Livingstone ist mögliche Quelle der großen Goldnuggets; wird durch Erkundungsarbeiten des Yukon Geological Survey unterstützt [2017.03.03. 07:50] » DGAP-News: Nevada Zinc Corporation: Projekt Livingstone ist mögliche Quelle der großen Goldnuggets; wird durch Erkundungsarbeiten des Yukon Geological Survey unterstützt [2017.03.03. 07:50] » DGAP-News: Infineon Technologies AG: WACHSTUM IN KERNBEREICHEN TREIBT ERFOLGREICHEN START IN DAS GESCHÄFTSJAHR 2017 [2017.02.02. 07:30] » DGAP-News: Infineon Technologies AG: STRUCTURAL GROWTH DRIVES EXCELLENT START TO THE NEW FISCAL YEAR [2017.02.02. 07:30] » DGAP-News: AfDB appoints MCB Investment Management as Fund Manager for its first Fixed Income ETF in Africa (news with additional features) [2016.12.09. 14:40] » DGAP-News: EQS Group AG erhöht Anteil an der ARIVA.DE AG auf 67 Prozent [2016.12.06. 08:00] » DGAP-News: EQS Group AG increases its stake in ARIVA.DE AG to 67% [2016.12.06. 08:00] » DGAP-News: EQS Group AG entfaltet hohe Wachstumsdynamik im 3. Quartal [2016.11.15. 08:00] Adatvédelmi nyilatkozat  |  Impresszum     MAGYAR TŐKEPIAC pénzpiaci honlap a Geomédia Kiadói Zrt.kiadásában. Minden jog fenntartva. 1996–2017 © Geomédia Kiadói Zrt. Telefon: +36 1 999-9544, fax: +36 1 999-9539 E-mail: magyartokepiac@magyartokepiac.hu | www.magyartokepiac.hu
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 33-51 We set you thinking Wednesday 10 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business China opening up its bond markets, but currency seen as major barrier 1494397621 World South Korean business groups say will work with new president on job creation 1494397526 World New South Korea president vows to address North Korea, broader tensions 'urgently' 1494396222 World Supporters rally for Jakarta’s jailed Christian governor 1494394860 World US warns of kidnapping threat on Philippine tourist island 1494396116 Business ChemChina gets around 82 percent of Syngenta in $43 billion deal 1494395128 World South Korea's Moon names inter-Korean talks veteran as spy chief 1494394853 Business Amazon trounces rivals in battle of the shopping 'bots' 1494394562 World Merkel's conservatives could govern with Greens, FDP-German poll 1494393873 Business Asia stocks rise for third day on earnings; dollar stalls on Comey sacking 1494394008 Voices Make some tweaks to tackle unemployment 1494393410 Business Detroit revival spurs JPMorgan to make fresh $50 million pledge 1494389901 World China says Taiwan health not at risk by absence from U.N. meeting 1494389451 World Echoes of Watergate in Donald Trump's firing of FBI chief James Comey 1494386100 Business Glass Lewis says BlackRock CEO's pay, performance misaligned 1494387471 World China's Xi congratulates new South Korean president 1494387188 Singapore Tighter controls over entertainment spots to clamp down on illicit activities 1494257160 Singapore Taxi sharing to make comeback via GrabShare, but cabbies sceptical 1494386160 World Greater total pollution exposure tied to higher cancer risk: Study 1494360120 World Trump fires FBI Director Comey, setting off political storm in US 1494368880 World South Korea's Moon to hold news conference, name key aides: parliament official 1494383043 World China's Xi says wants to appropriately handle disputes with South Korea 1494383024 Business Oil prices rise in Asia in expectation of Aramco supply cut 1494377165 Business ESPN concerns drag on Disney, shares dip 1494375644 World South Korea's Moon taps Lee Nak-yon as next prime minister: Yonhap 1494374951 World South Korea's Moon speaks with chairman of joint chiefs of staff 1494375038 World U.N. aviation agency seeks global approach to laptop ban 1494373668 Business U.S. Commerce's Ross says 3 percent GDP growth not achievable this year 1494373421 Business U.S. Commerce chief says EPA permits top regulatory 'hit list' 1494371889 World For one Chinese city, new 'Silk Road' leaves old problems unsolved 1494371132 Business New York judge halts request in Avianca Airlines shareholder spat 1494370501 Business Wall Street loses oomph but Apple crosses $800-billion mark 1494362277 Business J&J discloses U.S. probe related to arthritis drugs 1494283773 Business U.S. Democratic senators seek probe into Icahn’s biofuel credit dealings 1494364429 World U.S. increasingly convinced that Russia hacked French election: sources 1494365352 World Bomb threat causes panic on Saudi airliner 1494365381 World French ex-prime minister Valls offers to back Macron in elections 1494346329 World Ousted Venezuelan governor threatens government with shamanic curse 1494364963 World U.S. does not see Moon win in South Korea significantly changing ties 1494364194 World South Korea president winner Moon vows to unify bruised country 1494364194 World Gambia central bank governor, other top bank officials fired 1494361146 World Bins, cooking, the bedroom: Britain's May offers glimpse of private life 1494362642 World Trump to meet with Abu Dhabi crown prince on May 15: White House 1494357722 World South Sudan president replaces army chief 1494361979 World Infant mortality and malaria soar in Venezuela, according to government data 1494358622 World Le Pen's niece will not seek re-election as French lawmaker 1494360746 World Germany detains second soldier suspected of planning 'extremist' attack 1494356943 World EU urges U.S. not to cut U.N. funds, stay committed to climate deal 1494360376 Business Daimler drops bid to win approval to sell U.S. 2017 Mercedes diesels 1494363290 Business Apple tops $800 billion market cap for first time 1494361745 Business Goldman 'best positioned' if Glass-Steagall Act returns: Blankfein to CNBC CEO of Goldman Sachs Lloyd Blankfein departs after meeting India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi at a breakfast in New York. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:00 AM, May 10, 2017 Goldman Sachs Group Inc <GS.N> is best positioned if the Glass-Steagall Act returns, Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview to CNBC on Tuesday. U.S. President Donald Trump has been actively considering breaking up big banks, which could push efforts for revival of the Glass-Steagall Act, a Depression-era law that separated commercial lending from investment banking. Bringing back Glass-Steagall would likely have a significant impact on banks like JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N>, Bank of America Corp <BAC.N> and Citigroup <C.N> that have large highly intertwined commercial lending and investment banking operations, say analysts. It would impact Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley <MS.N> to a lesser degree although, they would likely have to revert to being standalone investment banks and shed their deposit funding. (http://reut.rs/2pZsuOu) During the CNBC interview on Tuesday, Blankfein also commented on the less volatile markets, calling it "worrisome". "I don't know what brings us out of the doldrums, but I do know this is not a normal resting state," he added. The VIX index of implied volatility on the S&P 500 <.VIX> - the so-called Wall Street "fear gauge" - fell to its lowest intraday level since December 2006 on Tuesday. The U.S. economy could grow at a faster rate than it is growing now, Blankfein told CNBC in response to a question on whether the Trump administration's 3 percent growth target is achievable. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus With Obamacare vote, House Republicans free to turn to tax reform With maiden jet flight, China enters dog-fight with Boeing, Airbus With eye on millennials, Coach buys Kate Spade Wells Fargo says agrees with Buffett and is fixing its problems Wealth investments paying off for Singapore’s three big banks Waymo has 'no smoking gun' in Uber self driving car case -U.S. judge Warren Buffett says he sold a third of stake in IBM: CNBC Wall Street slips as Fed holds on rates; financials rise Wall Street set to rise after Macron wins in France Inside Today World South Korean business groups say will work with new president on job creation New South Korea president vows to address North Korea, broader tensions 'urgently' US warns of kidnapping threat on Philippine tourist island Supporters rally for Jakarta’s jailed Christian governor South Korea's Moon names inter-Korean talks veteran as spy chief Business China opening up its bond markets, but currency seen as major barrier ChemChina gets around 82 percent of Syngenta in $43 billion deal Amazon trounces rivals in battle of the shopping 'bots' Asia stocks rise for third day on earnings; dollar stalls on Comey sacking Detroit revival spurs JPMorgan to make fresh $50 million pledge Sports Hougang, Geylang relish Filipino challenge in S’pore Cup In Atletico Madrid’s ramshackle home, an underdog’s spirit thrived Tang sets sights on 2 race titles this year Dutch turn to Dick Advocaat for World Cup rescue RHB Bank gives Singapore football S$1.5m boost Entertainment Going vegan in Singapore is easy, says Les Mis star Jimmy Kimmel gives update on son, fires back at media New Hellboy movie in the works; Stranger Things actor David Harbour in talks to star Warner Bros releases trailer of Blade Runner sequel Music business is not for my daughter, says Wakin Chau About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Smith & Nephew plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smith & Nephew plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pearson plc (PSON) Price Target Increased to GBX 830 by Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Smith & Nephew plc (SN) Given “Hold” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Pearson plc (PSON) Given New GBX 900 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Buys New Stake in Incyte Co. (INCY) Cintas Co. (CTAS) Shares Bought by Solaris Asset Management LLC US Bancorp DE Has $13.195 Million Position in Masco Corp (MAS) Athena Capital Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Position in Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Randgold Resources Limited (RRS) Downgraded by Panmure Gordon to “Hold” Checchi Capital Advisers LLC Raises Position in Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (TSM) Snap-on Incorporated (SNA) Shares Bought by Buffington Mohr McNeal KVH Industries, Inc. (KVHI) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS Insider Selling: Big 5 Sporting Goods Co. (BGFV) Director Sells 3,000 Shares of Stock Checchi Capital Advisers LLC Decreases Position in Sanofi SA (SNY) Bart E. Johnson Buys 3,267 Shares of First Commonwealth Financial (FCF) Stock Mary Jacqueline Sheppard Acquires 500 Shares of Seven Generations Energy Ltd (VII) Stock Dorel Industries Inc (DII.B) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Analysts Anticipate Verisign, Inc. (VRSN) to Post $0.89 Earnings Per Share Capital Bank Financial Corp (CBF) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Gener8 Maritime Inc (GNRT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Virco Mfg. (VIRC) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.31 Smith & Nephew plc (SN) Given “Hold” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG reiterated their hold rating on shares of Smith & Nephew plc (LON:SN) in a research note published on Monday. The firm currently has a GBX 1,200 ($15.52) target price on the stock. Other research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a neutral rating and set a GBX 1,270 ($16.43) price target on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a research note on Friday. Shore Capital restated a hold rating and set a GBX 1,144 ($14.80) price target on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a research note on Friday. Numis Securities Ltd restated an add rating and set a GBX 1,350 ($17.46) price target on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a research note on Friday. Jefferies Group LLC restated a buy rating and set a GBX 1,350 ($17.46) price target on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their price target on shares of Smith & Nephew plc from GBX 1,345 ($17.40) to GBX 1,280 ($16.55) and set a neutral rating for the company in a research note on Monday. Ten analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 1,279.58 ($16.55). Shares of Smith & Nephew plc (LON:SN) traded up 0.77% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching GBX 1301.00. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 4,965,297 shares. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 11.38 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 1,250.91 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 1,198.30. Smith & Nephew plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,064.91 and a 12 month high of GBX 1,324.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/smith-nephew-plc-sn-given-hold-rating-at-deutsche-bank-ag.html. In other news, insider Olivier Bohuon sold 8,031 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,222 ($15.80), for a total transaction of £98,138.82 ($126,925.53). About Smith & Nephew plc Smith & Nephew plc is a medical technology company. The Company is engaged in developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling medical devices and services. Its products and services include Sports Medicine Joint Repair, Arthroscopic Enabling Technologies (AET), Trauma & Extremities, Other Surgical Businesses, Knee Implants, Hip Implants, Advanced Wound Care, Advanced Wound Bioactives and Advanced Wound Devices. Receive News & Ratings for Smith & Nephew plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smith & Nephew plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/etf-flyer-brazil-stocks-gained-on-pension-reform-win-1494363048 Focus on Funds ETF Flyer: Brazil Stocks Gained on Pension Reform Win By Crystal Kim May 9, 2017 4:50 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Brazilian stocks got a lift as the pension reform draft made it through the country's Lower House special committee. That's why the First Trust Brazil AlphaDex Fund (FBZ) was Tuesday's highest flyer, gaining 2.9%. Meanwhile the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.17% to 20,975.78 and the S&P 500 fell 0.10% to 2396.92. March industrial production fell 1.8% from the previous month, more than consensus estimates for a 1% decline. That said IP for the quarter grew 2.9% quarter-over-quarter. JPMorgan's Cassiana Fernandez says: While March IP disappointed, confidence indicators continued to rise in April. In particular, the manufacturing PMI reached 50.1, the first expansion signal in more than two years. The sentiment indicator from the National Industry Confederation (CNI) also signaled improving confidence, while the FGV think-tank's indicator trending up but remains in contractionary territory (below 100). Other positive factors: Brazilian auto production. "Brazil auto production increased 11% in April, driven by exports +50% year-over-year," according to Baird Equity's David Leiker. He also pointed out that economic indicators are improving with interest and inflation rates having been in decline for more than a year. GDP and employment growth remain areas of concern. Text Size Regular Medium Large FIRST TRUST BRAZIL ALPHADEX FUND Crystal Kim crystal.kim@barrons.com • @crystalkimmm PREVIOUS Activist Investor Elliott Management Cries Foul NEXT ETF Flopper: Mortgage REITs Give Back Gains Most Popular What a Superstar Fund Is Buying Right Now Will End of Subsidies ‘Kill’ Electric Vehicle Market? 5 MLPs Likely to do Best When Crude Rebounds Kohl’s: Can Under Armour Save the Day? Tesla: What, Me Worry? Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Valeant outpaces profit forecasts, reports progress on debts Embattled drugmaker Valeant gave an upbeat report on its future profits even as analysts remain wary. Sales of Valeant’s biggest product, irritable bowl drug Xifaxan, were $185 million in the quarter, down 26 per cent from the fourth quarter, a “notable weak spot” according to JPMorgan analyst Chris Schott.   (Ryan Remiorz / The Associated Press File Photo)   By Cynthia KoonsBloomberg Tues., May 9, 2017 NEW YORK—Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. sounded an upbeat note about its future profits, sending the drugmaker’s beaten down shares surging even as analysts remain wary. The company said Tuesday its adjusted full-year earnings would be higher than it previously anticipated. Valeant also reported progress in paying down a heavy debt load piled up during a series of deals that built the drugmaker into an industry giant. Valeant’s stock gained as much as 28 per cent, its best intraday performance since November, and was up 25 per cent to $12.11 (U.S.) at 1:54 p.m. in New York. Read more: Valeant Pharmaceuticals shareholders vent frustrations at embattled drugmaker’s AGM Management said it was able to increase its outlook due to a less severe decline in sales of drugs that have lost patent protection than it had earlier forecast. Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization) this year will be $3.6 billion to $3.75 billion, Valeant said, up from the $3.55 billion to $3.7 billion range projected in February. Article Continued Below Still, sales trends don’t point to a turnaround just yet. Valeant’s total first-quarter revenue was $2.11 billion, down 11 per cent from a year earlier, hitting a low not seen since 2014. And while it paid down some debt, Valeant’s declining earnings mean its overall leverage has increased. “In reality, Valeant’s sales are declining, its leverage ratio has increased, and we think its pipeline is weak,” Wells Fargo analyst David Maris said in a note, rating the stock a sell. Sales of Valeant’s biggest product, irritable bowl drug Xifaxan, were $185 million in the quarter, down 26 per cent from the fourth quarter, a “notable weak spot” according to JPMorgan analyst Chris Schott. Executives said Xifaxan fell short of management’s expectations for the quarter, but that a rebuilt sales force should help turn things around. The company has recently added 250 sales representatives after losing some to a new competitor. “The story here is that we lost some momentum over the fourth quarter of last year and into the first quarter,” chief financial officer Paul Herendeen said on a call with analysts, citing the company’s attempt to sell its gastrointestinal drugs business, which it didn’t ultimately carry out. “Over the last nine weeks, however, our sales forces have regained their footing.” Valeant’s projection for adjusted profit includes the sale of several businesses, and leaves out the pending divestiture of prostate cancer unit Dendreon, the company said in a statement. Some analysts had expected a cut to guidance. JPMorgan’s Schott said he’s not surprised to see the shares rally given the significant cuts to guidance in the past year. “That said, we continue to see a long road to recovery for the story,” he said in a note to clients, reiterating his hold rating on the stock. Chief executive officer Joe Papa has promised to get the company back on stable footing after two tumultuous years. Much of Papa’s focus is on boosting cash flows and paying down some of the $30 billion in debt Valeant took on amid an acquisition spree that made the company into what it is today. Its biggest repayment deadline comes in 2020, when $5.81 billion in maturities come due, with another $10.51 billion in the two years after. “I’ve heard chatter in the markets that Valeant doesn’t have the ability to repay all of its debt,” Herendeen said on the analyst call. “Let me respond. We can meet all of our financial obligations through a combination of cash generation from our business, asset sales and importantly refinancings.” The goal isn’t to cut Valeant’s debt to zero, but to “maintain a credit profile that will enable us to access the capital markets when necessary,” Herendeen said. “If we take care of our debt, and we will, our equity will take care of itself.” Valeant said it had $1.21 billion in cash at the end of the first quarter, more than double what it had at the end of the year. It now has $28.9 billion in debt, down from $30.2 billion in the fourth quarter. Still, the company’s leverage has increased, according to Wells Fargo’s Maris, who said total debt to EBITA is 6.9 times now, up from 6.2 times in the first quarter. Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 6°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Garry Kasparov's next move: teaming up with machines In his latest book, Deep Thinking, the chess great explains why we shouldn’t fear computers — just other people. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Bombardier Donald Trump Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Baidu Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Baidu Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costain Group PLC (COST) Price Target Increased to GBX 500 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Glencore PLC (GLEN) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Baidu Inc (BIDU) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Downgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Centurylink Inc (CTL) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Strong-Buy” Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) Lowered to “Sell” at Vetr Inc. Centurylink Inc (CTL) Shares Bought by Girard Partners LTD. Girard Partners LTD. Has $320,000 Position in Sempra Energy (SRE) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) The Western Union Company (WU) Shares Bought by TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO Sells 878 Shares of Sempra Energy (SRE) Capital Fund Management S.A. Has $4.501 Million Stake in Big Lots, Inc. (BIG) Equity Residential (EQR) Shares Bought by AMG National Trust Bank AMG National Trust Bank Reduces Stake in Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Insulet Co. (PODD) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Shares Bought by AMG National Trust Bank Merck KGaA’s (MRK) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Udg Healthcare PLC (UDG) Downgraded to Hold at Berenberg Bank Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €33.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Innogy SE (IGY) Given a €36.50 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag Baidu Inc (BIDU) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Vetr lowered shares of Baidu Inc (NASDAQ:BIDU) from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating in a report published on Monday. Vetr currently has $199.19 target price on the information services provider’s stock. Several other equities analysts have also weighed in on BIDU. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Baidu from an underweight rating to a neutral rating and boosted their target price for the company from $159.00 to $190.00 in a report on Monday, January 9th. Stifel Nicolaus upgraded shares of Baidu from a hold rating to a buy rating and boosted their target price for the company from $200.00 to $220.00 in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Sanford C. Bernstein assumed coverage on shares of Baidu in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. They issued an underperform rating and a $150.00 target price on the stock. Morgan Stanley assumed coverage on shares of Baidu in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. They issued an equal weight rating and a $185.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Evercore ISI reiterated a hold rating and issued a $200.00 target price on shares of Baidu in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $188.01. Shares of Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU) traded up 3.10% on Monday, hitting $182.98. 2,636,140 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $63.47 billion, a PE ratio of 40.56 and a beta of 1.90. Baidu has a 52-week low of $155.28 and a 52-week high of $197.80. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $175.52 and its 200-day moving average is $173.32. WARNING: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/baidu-inc-bidu-downgraded-by-vetr-inc-to-buy.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Asturias Capital LLC bought a new position in Baidu during the fourth quarter worth approximately $10,275,000. ARGA Investment Management LP bought a new position in Baidu during the third quarter worth approximately $11,816,000. Matthews International Capital Management LLC increased its position in Baidu by 1.2% in the fourth quarter. Matthews International Capital Management LLC now owns 1,611,307 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $264,915,000 after buying an additional 19,501 shares during the period. Dodge & Cox bought a new position in Baidu during the fourth quarter worth approximately $933,189,000. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in Baidu by 34.3% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 3,456,384 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $568,265,000 after buying an additional 883,702 shares during the period. 62.63% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Baidu Baidu, Inc is a Chinese language Internet search provider. The Company offers a Chinese language search platform on its Baidu.com Website that enables users to find information online, including Webpages, news, images, documents and multimedia files, through links provided on its Website. In addition to serving individual Internet search users, the Company provides a platform for businesses to reach customers. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Baidu Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Baidu Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Politics | Entertainment | Arts | Lifestyle | Business | Health | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Business Technology Startups Internet Culture Media Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Subscribe to Newsletters Politico Starts ‘Unauthorized’ White House Visitor Log to Track Trump Ar the White House or in Florida, he's met with everyone from Angela Merkel to John Travolta By John Bonazzo • 05/09/17 4:00pm Could any White House visitor log explain this? Twitter One of the many ways in which Donald Trump’s White House differs from Barack Obama’s is in its record keeping, or lack thereof. While President Obama released more than six million White House visitor records during his tenure, last month the Trump administration cut off public access to visitor logs. In light of this, some members of the media have taken matters into their own hands. Today Politico released “All the President’s Guests: The Unauthorized White House Visitor Logs.” This constantly updating database documents Trump’s in-person interactions in the Oval Office, along with his appearances at events and phone calls with world leaders. And since Trump can’t seem to stay in the White House on weekends, Politico is also recording the people he meets at his golf clubs in Florida and New Jersey. “All the President’s Guests” is drawn from sources including White House schedules, news stories and pool reports. The vast majority of Trump’s guests thus far (80 percent) have been white, including 63 percent white men. Here are some other interesting tidbits: Trump has talked to or appeared at events with at least 270 business leaders, from JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon to United Airlines’ Oscar Munoz. He’s met with at least 250 Republican politicians but only 92 Democrats. He does like some blue state politicians, however—he’s met New York’s Chuck Schumer five times and West Virginia’s Joe Manchin four times. The president has met with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson at least 22 times since he took office— but he’s met Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson just four times and Energy Secretary Rick Perry only three times. Trump has spoken to or met with at least 47 world leaders since his inauguration. He has most frequently been in contact with German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, having met with or talked to both seven times. The president also meets often with sports stars, and not just because he’s good friends with the Patriots’ Robert Kraft and Bill Belichick. Trump played golf with Rory McIlroy and Ernie Els at one of his Florida courses in February, and he met with former Yankee Mariano Rivera as part of a meeting on the opioid epidemic. Trump also has many seemingly random encounters with celebrities. For example, at a black tie dinner with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull last week, the president mingled with John Travolta and was serenaded by Kellie Pickler. And then of course, there are the meetings no one can explain. In April, Trump welcomed Sarah Palin, Ted Nugent and Kid Rock to the White House, where they posed mockingly underneath a portrait of Hillary Clinton. Politico calls its database “an evolving piece of journalism.” Anyone with tips can email information to trumpvisitors@politico.com. SEE ALSO: White House Correspondents’ Dinner Now a Serious Event for Serious Adults National Politics Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intesa Sanpaolo SpA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News TheStreet Downgrades AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) to D+ Cedar Realty Trust Inc (CDR) Stock Rating Upgraded by TheStreet RTI Surgical Inc (RTIX) Stock Rating Upgraded by TheStreet World Fuel Services Corp (INT) Stock Rating Lowered by TheStreet Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Given a €3.00 Price Target at S&P Global BG Staffing Inc (BGSF) Stock Rating Upgraded by TheStreet Asanko Gold Inc (AKG) Rating Reiterated by Clarus Securities Alecta Pensionsforsakring Omsesidigt Lowers Position in Stericycle Inc (SRCL) Markston International LLC Sells 19,800 Shares of HCP, Inc. (HCP) Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Invests $430,000 in Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA) Position Held by Markston International LLC Bedrijfstakpensioenfonds Voor DE Media PNO Has $813,000 Position in Johnson Controls International plc Ordinary Share (JCI) Markston International LLC Sells 1,441 Shares of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA) Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Stake Held by Markston International LLC Lamb Weston Holdings Inc (LW) Shares Sold by Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) Shares Sold by Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV Buys 3,301 Shares of Unum Group (UNM) Charter Communications, Inc. (CHTR) Shares Sold by Eos Focused Equity Management L.P. Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV Cuts Position in Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Position Raised by Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Given a €3.00 Price Target at S&P Global May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet S&P Global set a €3.00 ($3.26) target price on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (BIT:ISP) in a report issued on Monday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Other analysts have also issued research reports about the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €2.70 ($2.93) price target on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Monday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €2.90 ($3.15) price target on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Monday. Societe Generale set a €2.90 ($3.15) price target on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Monday. BNP Paribas set a €3.00 ($3.26) price target on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Monday. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €3.30 ($3.59) price target on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Monday. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of €2.75 ($2.99). Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (BIT:ISP) traded down 0.140% on Monday, hitting €2.848. 137,669,866 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Intesa Sanpaolo SpA has a 12 month low of €1.52 and a 12 month high of €2.90. The stock has a market cap of €47.80 billion and a P/E ratio of 14.911. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of €2.57 and a 200-day moving average price of €2.34. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/intesa-sanpaolo-spa-isp-given-a-3-00-price-target-at-sp-global.html. About Intesa Sanpaolo SpA Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. is a banking company. The Company’s segments include Banca dei Territori, Corporate and Investment Banking, International Subsidiary Banks, Asset Management, Private Banking and Insurance. The Banca dei Territori division includes the Company’s traditional lending and deposit collecting activities. Receive News & Ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Hot Topics DIS YELP Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Nvidia jumps by double digits on stellar Q1 report >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Mutual Funds & ETFs > ETF Investing > The Tortoise North American Pipeline ETF (TPYP) Is My New Favorite MLP Play TPYP offers lower expenses as well as greater diversification By David Fabian, FMD Capital Management  |  May 9, 2017, 1:56 pm EDT     View All   Popular Posts: The 3 Best ETFs … Have Nothing to Do With Trump Recent Posts: The Tortoise North American Pipeline ETF (TPYP) Is My New Favorite MLP Play The 3 Best ETFs … Have Nothing to Do With Trump The Lowdown on Long/Short ETFs (FTLS DYLS PHDG RALS) View All Posts Income investors have always had an affinity for master limited partnerships, or MLPs. These unique vehicles offer exposure to the energy sector through a high yield, equity-like security. Their business models and tax structures are such that they can pass through a great deal of their profits to shareholders in the form of dividends. This makes them coveted for both their unconventional returns vs stocks or bonds and their healthy income streams. Source: Shutterstock Those who have dabbled in owning MLPs through an exchange-traded product are probably most familiar with the venerable Alerian MLP (NYSEARCA:AMLP) or JPMorgan Chase Capital XVI JP Morgan Alerian MLP ETN (NYSEARCA:AMJ). Together these two exchange-traded funds control nearly $15 billion in total assets in a concentrated group of the largest MLPs by market capitalization. I consider these indexes the first generation of MLP fund exposure, and they surely get the job done. However, like any technology or innovative process, there is room for improvement in many areas. For starters, the expenses on these funds are still quite high compared to traditional stock-like indexes — 1.42% for AMLP and 0.85% for AMJ. There is also room for improving the index construction criteria to broaden exposure to this group or hone in on varying characteristics of the MLPs themselves. Fortunately, the second generation of MLP funds is now taking note of these shortcomings and improving on them dramatically. At the tip of this spear is a relatively new fund that is rapidly becoming one of my favorites in the class. The Tortoise North American Pipeline ETF (NYSEARCA:TPYP) is nearing its second anniversary and has accumulated over $72 million in total assets. This unique ETF tracks the Tortoise North American Pipeline Index, which represents a benchmark of energy pipeline, distribution, storage and processing companies. The fund is more diversified than a pure MLP index. In fact, it has 55% of the portfolio in traditional MLPs and the remaining in energy-related corporations and LLCs. This broadens the exposure to include nearly 90 stocks rather than the conventional 25-40 holdings that most dedicated MLP indexes are beholden to. I tend to like greater diversification because it reduces single-sector volatility, while still allowing investors to participate in the overall trend and price action. Top holdings are in familiar names such as: Williams Companies Inc (NYSE:WMB), TransCanada Corporation (USA) (NYSE:TRP), Enbridge Inc (TSE:ENB) and Kinder Morgan Inc (NYSE:KMI). Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/tortise-north-american-pipeline-etf-tpyp-mlp/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Buy Now for BIG Summer Outperformance Yelp Torched by 28% on Horrific Earnings 5 Top Dividend Stocks Across the Globe 2 Fast Food Stocks to Buy, and 2 to Avoid 3 Airline Stocks Making a Powerful Upside Breakout Facebook Is Losing a War With Itself ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks Walt Disney Co (DIS) Stock Sunk by ESPN AGAIN 7 Stocks to Buy Now for BIG Summer Outperformance 5 Top Dividend Stocks From Across the Globe 2 Fast Food Stocks to Buy, and 2 to Avoid 3 Airline Stocks Making a Powerful Upside Breakout Most Popular 10 Hot Stocks to Sell Before They Hit the Wall The 10 Best Growth Stocks You Can Buy Right Now 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is a Great Buy … If You Wait 3 Bank Stocks That Can Bank You Free Profits 10 Simply Safe Dividend Stocks to Buy for Retirement Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snap beat expectations in its first quarterly report? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Ohio banks team up to form fintech accelerator JPMorgan tells banks to partner up as deposit drain looms BankThink For all the hype, challenger banks have challenges of their own Chase launches mortgage-credit card cross promotion BankThink The bank of the future: A (digital) financial mall search goes here Ohio banks team up to form fintech accelerator By Bryan Yurcan Published May 09 2017, 2:59pm EDT More in Fintech Start-up funding Disruptors National banks Bank technology KeyCorp Fifth Third Bancorp Huntington Bancshares JPMorgan Chase SVB Financial Print Email Reprints Share Share on Several banks in Ohio have teamed up to establish a fintech accelerator in the Buckeye State. Fifth Third Bancorp, Huntington Banchshares, KeyCorp and the $1.6 billion-asset First Federal Lakewood are among the firms that have partnered to launch Fintech71, an accelerator that takes its name from Interstate 71, which connects Cincinnati, Columbus and Cleveland. JPMorgan Chase, which has a significant presence in Ohio, and Silicon Valley Bank are also part of the initiative. Other companies in the partnership include the insurance firms Progressive, Grange Insurance and Root Insurance. The Kroger grocery chain is also a backer. Adobe Stock The aim of the accelerator will be to increase fintech and entrepreneurial activity in Ohio and expand the innovation pipeline in the state. "Ohio is an innovative, resourceful and hard-working state where people have not forgotten how to make things,” Matt Armstead, the executive director for the accelerator, said in a press release. “With the creation of this accelerator, we aim to leverage Ohio's tech-savvy talent, attractive cost of doing business and established industry strength to make Ohio a global hotspot for Fintech innovation and growth." The application process for startups hoping to join the accelerator opens May 15 and will close on July 15. The inaugural class of up to 12 companies will start on Sept. 10 and will be based in Columbus. In a separate press release, KeyCorp said it views fintech partnerships as an important avenue of improving its clients’ experience with the bank. “Being a part of Fintech71 enables us to concentrate some of our efforts here in Ohio with a nexus of strong partners,” Ken Gavrity, head of Key's commercial payments group, said in the release. Gavrity is also on the board of Fintech71. Bryan Yurcan More from this Author Deutsche Bank driving digital identity platform in Germany New edge with commercial clients: Teaching their employees to save Online lender CommonBond to offer more types of student loans Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Esperion Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esperion Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Expected to Post Earnings of -$1.71 Per Share $2.03 Billion in Sales Expected for Anixter International Inc. (AXE) This Quarter $0.94 EPS Expected for Kellogg Company (K) This Quarter Imperva Inc (IMPV) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $73.4 Million Analysts Anticipate Coherent, Inc. (COHR) Will Announce Earnings of $2.55 Per Share Cheniere Energy Partners LP (CQP) Downgraded by TheStreet to C+ Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) Lifted to “B” at TheStreet Avis Budget Group Inc. (CAR) Upgraded to “Outperform” by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Michael B. Burgamy Sells 1,500 Shares of CoBiz Financial Inc (COBZ) Stock TransCanada Co. (TRP) Given Ourperform Rating at CIBC Copart, Inc. (CPRT) Shares Bought by Flinton Capital Management LLC Meridian Management Co. Has $258,000 Stake in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Shares Bought by Genesee Valley Trust Co. Flinton Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Michaels Companies Inc (MIK) FTB Advisors Inc. Has $531,000 Stake in Harris Co. (HRS) Umpqua Holdings Corp (UMPQ) Shares Bought by Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Maintains Position in Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Holds Position in Synchrony Financial (SYF) FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Has $120,000 Stake in Whirlpool Co. (WHR) Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT) (CCI) Position Cut by Copeland Capital Management LLC Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Expected to Post Earnings of -$1.71 Per Share May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street analysts expect that Esperion Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:ESPR) will announce ($1.71) earnings per share for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Zero analysts have provided estimates for Esperion Therapeutics’ earnings, with the highest EPS estimate coming in at ($1.59) and the lowest estimate coming in at ($1.82). Esperion Therapeutics posted earnings of ($0.62) per share during the same quarter last year, which would suggest a negative year-over-year growth rate of 175.8%. The firm is scheduled to report its next quarterly earnings report on Thursday, August 3rd. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Esperion Therapeutics will report full-year earnings of ($6.75) per share for the current financial year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($7.36) to ($6.35). For the next fiscal year, analysts expect that the company will post earnings of ($5.12) per share, with EPS estimates ranging from ($5.51) to ($4.38). Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share calculations are a mean average based on a survey of analysts that cover Esperion Therapeutics. Esperion Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ESPR) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 1st. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.80) EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($1.44) by $0.36. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted ($0.65) earnings per share. A number of brokerages have recently weighed in on ESPR. Needham & Company LLC set a $25.00 price target on shares of Esperion Therapeutics and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 4th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Esperion Therapeutics from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “hold” rating and set a $50.00 price target (up from $22.00) on shares of Esperion Therapeutics in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “sector perform” rating and set a $30.00 price target (up from $20.00) on shares of Esperion Therapeutics in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Citigroup Inc lifted their price target on shares of Esperion Therapeutics to $77.00 in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, five have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $33.39. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Expected to Post Earnings of -$1.71 Per Share” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/esperion-therapeutics-inc-espr-expected-to-post-earnings-of-1-71-per-share.html. Shares of Esperion Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ESPR) traded up 1.97% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $35.14. The stock had a trading volume of 392,224 shares. Esperion Therapeutics has a 52 week low of $9.40 and a 52 week high of $48.21. The stock’s market cap is $793.81 million. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $36.80 and a 200 day moving average of $21.10. In related news, Director Dov A. Md Goldstein sold 800,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $41.66, for a total value of $33,328,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Gilbert S. Omenn acquired 1,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 21st. The stock was bought at an average cost of $42.26 per share, for a total transaction of $42,260.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 10,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $422,600. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders own 35.40% of the company’s stock. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of ESPR. Paulson & CO. Inc. bought a new stake in Esperion Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,277,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Esperion Therapeutics by 27.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 181,400 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $2,512,000 after buying an additional 39,239 shares in the last quarter. J. Goldman & Co LP bought a new stake in Esperion Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $2,028,000. Keybank National Association OH bought a new stake in Esperion Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $159,000. Finally, Pinnacle Associates Ltd. bought a new stake in Esperion Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,458,000. 64.65% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Esperion Therapeutics Esperion Therapeutics, Inc is a lipid management company. The Company is a late-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing once-daily, oral therapies for the treatment of patients with elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). With a targeted mechanism of action, bempedoic acid, the Company’s lead product candidate, is an orally available, once-daily adenosine triphosphate (ATP)-citrate lyase (ACL) inhibitor that reduces cholesterol biosynthesis and lowers elevated levels of LDL-C by up-regulating the LDL receptor, but with reduced potential for muscle-related side effects. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Esperion Therapeutics (ESPR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Esperion Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esperion Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Dean Foods Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dean Foods Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Dean Foods Co (DF) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.04 EPS Lumos Networks Corp (LMOS) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.38 EPS Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Expected to Post Earnings of -$1.71 Per Share $2.03 Billion in Sales Expected for Anixter International Inc. (AXE) This Quarter $0.94 EPS Expected for Kellogg Company (K) This Quarter Imperva Inc (IMPV) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $73.4 Million Analysts Anticipate Coherent, Inc. (COHR) Will Announce Earnings of $2.55 Per Share Cheniere Energy Partners LP (CQP) Downgraded by TheStreet to C+ Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) Lifted to “B” at TheStreet Avis Budget Group Inc. (CAR) Upgraded to “Outperform” by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Michael B. Burgamy Sells 1,500 Shares of CoBiz Financial Inc (COBZ) Stock TransCanada Co. (TRP) Given Ourperform Rating at CIBC Copart, Inc. (CPRT) Shares Bought by Flinton Capital Management LLC Meridian Management Co. Has $258,000 Stake in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Shares Bought by Genesee Valley Trust Co. Flinton Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Michaels Companies Inc (MIK) FTB Advisors Inc. Has $531,000 Stake in Harris Co. (HRS) Umpqua Holdings Corp (UMPQ) Shares Bought by Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Maintains Position in Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Holds Position in Synchrony Financial (SYF) Dean Foods Co (DF) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.04 EPS May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Dean Foods Co (NYSE:DF) announced its earnings results on Tuesday. The company reported $0.13 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.17 by $0.04. Dean Foods had a net margin of 1.37% and a return on equity of 24.87%. The business had revenue of $2 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.96 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.45 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. Dean Foods updated its FY17 guidance to $1.35-1.55 EPS. Dean Foods (NYSE:DF) traded up 2.592% on Tuesday, reaching $19.595. The company had a trading volume of 2,740,123 shares. Dean Foods has a one year low of $15.69 and a one year high of $22.31. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.78 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.935 and a beta of 0.28. The company’s 50 day moving average is $19.50 and its 200-day moving average is $19.58. Several brokerages recently commented on DF. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Dean Foods from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $22.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Monday, April 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Dean Foods from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $22.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Friday, March 17th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $24.00 target price on shares of Dean Foods in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Morgan Stanley upgraded Dean Foods from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday, March 17th. Finally, Vertical Research upgraded Dean Foods from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $22.20. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Dean Foods Co (DF) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.04 EPS” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/dean-foods-co-df-issues-quarterly-earnings-results-misses-estimates-by-0-04-eps.html. In other news, Director J Wayne Mailloux sold 3,033 shares of Dean Foods stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.70, for a total transaction of $59,750.10. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 104,450 shares in the company, valued at $2,057,665. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Insiders have sold 9,099 shares of company stock valued at $174,428 over the last quarter. Company insiders own 2.30% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in DF. Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC raised its position in Dean Foods by 0.3% in the first quarter. Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC now owns 15,641 shares of the company’s stock valued at $308,000 after buying an additional 45 shares during the last quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. raised its position in Dean Foods by 0.8% in the first quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 14,220 shares of the company’s stock valued at $280,000 after buying an additional 110 shares during the last quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. raised its position in Dean Foods by 2.7% in the fourth quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 5,548 shares of the company’s stock valued at $120,000 after buying an additional 145 shares during the last quarter. Gamco Investors INC. ET AL raised its position in Dean Foods by 1.9% in the first quarter. Gamco Investors INC. ET AL now owns 14,437 shares of the company’s stock valued at $284,000 after buying an additional 264 shares during the last quarter. Finally, First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. raised its position in Dean Foods by 1.6% in the third quarter. First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. now owns 18,127 shares of the company’s stock valued at $297,000 after buying an additional 293 shares during the last quarter. Dean Foods Company Profile Dean Foods Company is a food and beverage company. The Company processes and distributes fluid milk, and other dairy and dairy case products in the United States. It is engaged in manufacturing, marketing, selling and distributing a range of branded and private label dairy and dairy case products. It offers branded and private label dairy case products, including fluid milk, ice cream, cultured dairy products, creamers, ice cream mix and other dairy products to retailers, distributors, foodservice outlets, educational institutions and governmental entities across the United States. Receive News & Ratings for Dean Foods Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dean Foods Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Given a $12.00 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Nantkwest Inc (NK) Given a $4.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Kinsale Capital Group Inc (KNSL) Given Buy Rating at SunTrust Banks, Inc. Baidu Inc (BIDU) Raised to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Mediwound Ltd (MDWD) Given a $10.00 Price Target by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Facebook Inc (FB) Price Target to $182.00 Pacific Crest Reaffirms “Overweight” Rating for Facebook Inc (FB) Triple-S Management Corp. (GTS) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.29 EPS GlycoMimetics Inc (GLYC) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS $0.65 EPS Expected for Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (BBBY) This Quarter $2.02 Billion in Sales Expected for Foot Locker, Inc. (FL) This Quarter MGM Resorts International (MGM) Director Sells $27,236.00 in Stock Flinton Capital Management LLC Has $1.222 Million Stake in DTE Energy Co (DTE) American Century Companies Inc. Invests $57.433 Million in FMC Corp (FMC) Flinton Capital Management LLC Purchases 38,624 Shares of ONEOK, Inc. (OKE) KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Shares Bought by American Century Companies Inc. Advisors Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA) Shares Bought by American Century Companies Inc. Advisors Asset Management Inc. Increases Stake in Red Hat Inc (RHT) Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Position Raised by American Century Companies Inc. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Given a $12.00 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Canaccord Genuity set a $12.00 target price on Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (NYSE:VRX) (TSE:VRX) in a research report sent to investors on Monday morning. The brokerage currently has a hold rating on the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock. A number of other research analysts have also weighed in on VRX. Jefferies Group LLC set a $18.00 price objective on Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Saturday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a hold rating on shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl in a report on Tuesday. Deutsche Bank AG set a $20.00 price objective on Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl and gave the company a hold rating in a report on Saturday, January 21st. Wells Fargo & Co set a $11.00 price objective on Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl and gave the company a sell rating in a report on Saturday, February 25th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada decreased their price objective on Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl from $29.00 to $22.00 and set a sector perform rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $24.32. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl (NYSE:VRX) traded up 24.047% during trading on Monday, hitting $12.045. 110,494,876 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock’s market cap is $4.19 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $9.96 and a 200-day moving average price of $14.41. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl has a 52-week low of $8.31 and a 52-week high of $33.83. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl (NYSE:VRX) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 28th. The specialty pharmaceutical company reported $1.26 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.20 by $0.06. The company had revenue of $2.40 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.34 billion. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl had a positive return on equity of 43.81% and a negative net margin of 22.17%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 12.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.55 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl will post $3.89 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Given a $12.00 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/valeant-pharmaceuticals-intl-inc-vrx-given-a-12-00-price-target-at-canaccord-genuity.html. In other news, CFO Paul Herendeen bought 24,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 14th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $10.72 per share, with a total value of $257,280.00. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 174,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,865,280. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, Director Pershing Square Capital Manage sold 18,114,432 shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $11.00, for a total value of $199,258,752.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders acquired 3,034,000 shares of company stock valued at $32,825,280. 16.37% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Cambridge Advisors Inc. increased its position in Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl by 0.6% in the first quarter. Cambridge Advisors Inc. now owns 12,650 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $140,000 after buying an additional 75 shares in the last quarter. World Asset Management Inc increased its position in Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl by 1.5% in the first quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 21,502 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $237,000 after buying an additional 328 shares in the last quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC increased its position in Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl by 4.5% in the first quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC now owns 19,573 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $216,000 after buying an additional 848 shares in the last quarter. Gulf International Bank UK Ltd increased its position in Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl by 1.1% in the first quarter. Gulf International Bank UK Ltd now owns 98,323 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $1,084,000 after buying an additional 1,100 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Warren Averett Asset Management LLC increased its position in Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl by 14.0% in the first quarter. Warren Averett Asset Management LLC now owns 11,402 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $126,000 after buying an additional 1,402 shares in the last quarter. 64.34% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Company Profile Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc is a pharmaceutical and medical device company. The Company is engaged in developing and marketing a range of branded, generic and branded generic pharmaceuticals, over-the-counter (OTC) products, and medical devices (contact lenses, intraocular lenses, ophthalmic surgical equipment, and aesthetics devices). Receive News & Ratings for Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Dean Foods Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dean Foods Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News TravelCenters of America LLC (TA) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.57 EPS Dean Foods Co (DF) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Tremor Video Inc (TRMR) Announces Earnings Results Advisors Asset Management Inc. Has $6.823 Million Stake in DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Shares Sold by Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Algert Global LLC Has $617,000 Stake in Orion Group Holdings Inc (ORN) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Continues to Hold Position in Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) ONEOK, Inc. (OKE) Position Lowered by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Has $3.707 Million Position in Monster Beverage Co. (MNST) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Sells 1,856 Shares of Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) Algert Global LLC Acquires Shares of 26,514 Raven Industries, Inc. (RAVN) First Trust Advisors LP Has $25.852 Million Position in MFA Financial, Inc. (MFA) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Decreases Position in Edison International (EIX) Zoe's Kitchen Inc (ZOES) Position Maintained by Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Sells 7,935 Shares of KeyCorp (KEY) Brick & Kyle Associates Purchases 380 Shares of Harris Co. (HRS) Analysts Anticipate Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.35 Billion Analysts Anticipate Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) to Post $0.87 Earnings Per Share $0.68 Earnings Per Share Expected for QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Anticipate IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Announce $1.12 Earnings Per Share Dean Foods Co (DF) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Guidance Articles Tweet Dean Foods Co (NYSE:DF) updated its FY17 earnings guidance on Tuesday. The company provided earnings per share (EPS) guidance of $1.35-1.55 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus estimate of $1.40. Several research firms have weighed in on DF. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a buy rating and issued a $24.00 price target on shares of Dean Foods in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Dean Foods from a sell rating to a hold rating and set a $22.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Morgan Stanley upgraded shares of Dean Foods from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a research report on Friday, March 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Dean Foods from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and set a $22.00 target price for the company in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Finally, Vertical Research raised shares of Dean Foods from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $22.20. Dean Foods Co (NYSE:DF) traded up 3.063% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $19.685. 2,423,218 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Dean Foods Co has a 52 week low of $15.69 and a 52 week high of $22.31. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $19.50 and its 200-day moving average is $19.58. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.79 billion, a PE ratio of 15.004 and a beta of 0.28. Dean Foods (NYSE:DF) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The company reported $0.13 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.17 by $0.04. The company had revenue of $2 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.96 billion. Dean Foods had a return on equity of 24.87% and a net margin of 1.37%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.45 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Dean Foods Co will post $1.40 EPS for the current year. In other news, Director J Wayne Mailloux sold 3,033 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.50, for a total transaction of $56,110.50. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 105,073 shares in the company, valued at $1,943,850.50. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 9,099 shares of company stock worth $174,428. Insiders own 2.30% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Dean Foods Co (DF) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/dean-foods-co-df-releases-fy17-earnings-guidance.html. Dean Foods Company Profile Dean Foods Company is a food and beverage company. The Company processes and distributes fluid milk, and other dairy and dairy case products in the United States. It is engaged in manufacturing, marketing, selling and distributing a range of branded and private label dairy and dairy case products. It offers branded and private label dairy case products, including fluid milk, ice cream, cultured dairy products, creamers, ice cream mix and other dairy products to retailers, distributors, foodservice outlets, educational institutions and governmental entities across the United States. Receive News & Ratings for Dean Foods Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dean Foods Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 10, 3:00 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Mobile Banking Apps Now Let You 'Turn Off' Debit Cards To Fight Fraud By Leigh Cuen On 05/09/17 AT 2:37 PM Close More and more mobile banking apps are allowing users to remotely disable their debit and credit cards to combat fraud. This week, British banking giant Barclays joined those ranks when it debuted new security features for the Barclays mobile app, with around 5 million British users, including the ability to disable online purchases and reduce ATM withdrawal limits. Across the pond, competitors like Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase and Ally Financial Inc. already offer similar features where mobile app users can disable stolen or jeopardized debit cards. It looks like it won’t be long until remote locking is considered a standard component of online banking. Read: Cybersecurity Tips: Keep Your Passwords And Pins Secure By Using One These Password Manager Apps Mobile banking apps can offer an extra layer of defense against fraud. “If you’ve lost your card or left home without your wallet, chances are you still have your smartphone in your hand,” Jonathan Velline, Wells Fargo’s head of A.T.M. and branch banking, told the New York Times. A nationwide study by the Federal Reserve found online purchases with stolen card information represent one of the fastest growing segments of financial fraud, already outpacing in-person fraud by 2015. The same is true for British consumers. According to Financial Fraud Action UK, online scams and attacks were responsible for most financial fraud losses in 2016, with remote banking fraud losses accounting for £137.1 million in damages. Banks are responding to this threat with new features aimed at increasing consumer confidence in mobile banking. For example, Barclays’ new mobile capabilities are part of the bank’s new multimillion dollar digital safety campaign. “As a society our confidence in using digital technology to shop, pay our bills and connect with others has grown faster than our knowledge of how to do so safely,” Ashok Vaswani, Chief Executive of Barclays UK, said in the campaign’s press release. “This has created a ‘digital safety gap’ which is being exploited by criminals...we all need to boost our digital safety levels in order to close the gap.” Remote control of debit cards can do more than protect mobile app users from fraud. It can also open the door for kids to experience greater financial independence. The New York startup Current just took remote control one step further than Barclays mobile banking app, launching a Visa debit card designed especially for for kids. Read: MasterCard Fingerprint Card: Company Experimenting With Biometric Sensor The kid-friendly card connects to an app that lets parents automate money transfers for household chores, essentially digitizing allowance, and monitor the child’s spending. “Nobody has devised a safe and secure way to do this like we have,” Current founder Stuart Sopp told the New York Post. The app also allows parents block certain types of online spending and set daily limits, while encouraging responsible habits. Although the startup just launched this app today, the company already has plans for international expansion. “We have been talking to banks in Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Germany and the U.K. already, and seems there is a demand,” Sopp told TechCrunch. When it comes to potential options for remote control granted by mobile banking apps, this is only the beginning.   Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Related Stories Young Adults Are Remaking Banking Recommended Business Coach Shares Spike After Kate Spade Deal Is Announced The news came after months of speculation and talks that seemed to fall through. Technology EA Details eSports Plans, BioWare News & 'Madden 18' Updates In a call with investors, Electronic Arts highlighted its upcoming release calendar and other high-profile titles. World Scientists Study Supermassive Black Holes In Merging Galaxies Observations made using NASA's NuSTAR telescope have revealed that supermassive black holes in merging galaxies do most of their feeding during the later stages of galactic mergers, when they're heavily obscured. National Chelsea Manning Speaks Out Ahead Of Prison Release: 'I Can See A Future For Myself' Former President Barack Obama commuted all but four months of Chelsea Manning's remaining 28 years of sentence just before leaving the White House in January. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 240% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 240% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Bank of America Stock: These 2 Charts Are Good News for Shareholders The bank is increasing the amount of capital it returns to shareholders. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) May 9, 2017 at 12:41PM One of the most important aspects of the investment thesis in Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) stock is that the bank will continue to aggressively grow its dividend and buy back more stock. Bank of America Chairman and CEO Brian Moynihan has been talking about doing so since he took over at the beginning of 2010. Here's Fortune's Shawn Tully writing about this the following year: When BofA has built up a sufficient capital cushion, probably two to three years from now, Moynihan plans to return all earnings to investors in dividends or share buybacks -- we're talking about $25 billion a year, all stuffing shareholders' pockets. "We need to get back most of the shares we issued in the crisis, that caused all the dilution," says Moynihan. The one thing Moynihan didn't factor into the equation was that bank regulators would throttle his efforts in the annual stress tests, in which the Federal Reserve has veto power over big bank capital plans. The net result is that Bank of America has increased its quarterly payout only twice since the financial crisis, compared to nearly every year at JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo. BAC Dividend data by YCharts. But those days appear to be over. With Bank of America generating near-record earnings and doing so consistently, it's now in a position to scale up the amount of capital it returns to shareholders. Lest there be any doubt about the trend in this regard, Bank of America shared two charts at its annual investors meeting this year. The first shows the trend in Bank of America's buybacks since 2012: Data source: Bank of America. Over the past three years, the North Carolina-based bank has consistently bought back more stock than the year before. It repurchased a net $1.8 billion worth of stock in 2014, $2.4 billion in 2015, and $4.0 billion last year. We won't know until later this year how much Bank of America will add to its share repurchase authority, but it certainly wouldn't be a surprise to see the number continue to climb. The same trend can be seen in Bank of America's dividends: Data source: Bank of America. While the nation's second-biggest bank by assets has increased its dividend only twice since the crisis nine years ago, the trajectory of Bank of America's total dividend payout shows the same upward tendency as its yearly buybacks. And lest there by any doubt about Bank of America's commitment to returning an ever-increasing amount of capital to shareholders, it was one of the central themes of Moynihan's latest shareholder letter, which included a section titled: "Committed to Capital Returns." On multiple occasions throughout the letter, Moynihan vowed that the bank is focused on increasing both the dividend and stock buybacks. For dividend investors, in turn, while Bank of America's stock may not have a lot to offer right now, that's bound to change in the years ahead. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info May 9, 2017 at 12:41PM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $23.98 up $0.02 (0.08%) Read More This Chart Perfectly Captures Bank of America’s Progress Since 2008 Deferred Tax Assets: What Are They and Why Do They Matter for Banks? This Big Bank Had the Best First-Quarter Earnings Report 22 Million People Use Bank of America's Mobile App This Bank of America Presentation Reveals an Important Insight Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Bank of America Stock: These 2 Charts Are Good News for Shareholders @themotleyfool #stocks $BAC
menu Sections Wednesday, May 10, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION business / Headlines share this China Bank raises P15B By: Doris Dumlao-Abadilla - Reporter / @philbizwatcher Philippine Daily Inquirer / 01:14 AM May 10, 2017 Sy family-led China Banking Corp. completed a P15-billion capital-raising from the recent sale of shares to existing shareholders. Proceeds from the stock rights offering will be used to grow the bank’s loan portfolio, expand its branch network and support its other strategic business initiatives, the bank said in disclosure to the Philippine Stock Exchange. The rights offering was fully subscribed and led by major shareholder SM Group. ADVERTISEMENT The additional 483.87 million common shares sold at P31 per share are listed on the Philippine Stock Exchange today (May 10, 2017). JP Morgan Securities PLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. served as joint global coordinators and joint bookrunners. China Bank Capital Corp. acted as joint bookrunner, issue manager and domestic underwriter. In the first quarter, China Bank posted a 6-percent year-on-year profit growth to P1.47 billion. Operating income reached P5.66 billion, up 7 percent from year-ago level. Net interest income expanded by 14 percent year-on-year to P4.47 billion in the first three months, driven by the 16 percent growth in gross loan portfolio. Non-interest income excluding trading gains grew by 22 percent to P1.08 billion from the gain in service charges, fees from bank assurance, investment banking and trust, as well as income from asset sales. Core recurring income—referring to operating income excluding trading gains—was up by 15 percent to P5.55 billion in the first quarter. Subscribe to INQUIRER PLUS to get access to The Philippine Daily Inquirer & other 70+ titles, share up to 5 gadgets, listen to the news, download as early as 4am & share articles on social media. Call 896 6000. play_circle_filled Aguirre: Duterte declaration is best way to cancel BuCor-Tadeco deal May 10, 2017 play_circle_filled Cybersex den busted May 10, 2017 play_circle_filled Duterte leads launch of Red Cross’ first humanitarian vessel May 09, 2017 play_circle_filled Acosta to CHR: Investigate criminalities done by Abu Sayyaf as well May 09, 2017 TAGS: Business, China Banking Corp. For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING entertainment Fans rally behind Sharon Cuneta who ‘doesn’t want to go back home anymore’ May 9, 2017 entertainment Liza Soberano bashed by K-pop fans over BTS tweet May 8, 2017 newsinfo Cybersex den busted May 10, 2017 newsinfo De Lima says Duterte defenders received ‘double-slap’ at UN body May 9, 2017 newsinfo Mocha Uson appointed as PCOO assistant secretary May 9, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
View Issue Subscribe View Issue Subscribe View Issue Subscribe King of Commodes Mother's Day Gift Guide Newcomer’s Guide Magazines Subscribe Leave Us Feedback News Food Entertainment Home Health Business Weddings Neighborhood Guides Let’s Make Dallas Even Better Fabletics interior at Legacy West Partner Content Shopping For Everyone at Legacy West Keep an eye on the new crop of stores flanking West Plano. By D Partner Studio Published in Sponsored May 9, 2017 11:34 am The city of Plano has long been listed among the nation’s fastest-growing cities, and it’s quickly become a not-so-suburban mecca for its shopping, dining, and entertainment destinations—not to mention its attraction of global corporations like Toyota, Boeing, JPMorgan Chase, Liberty Mutual and FedEx Offfice. Its latest feature, Legacy West, will join the parcel of prime real estate to the west of the Dallas North Tollway. And while its developers are surely building it—and building it big—who will come? Chillaxed Athleisure Enthusiasts Before you head into one of Dallas’ many spin studios or yoga classes, make the trip to Legacy West to stock up on Fabletics’ enviable leggings and activewear (and we’ll trust just about anything co-founded by the seemingly ageless Kate Hudson). This will be the brand’s first storefront in Texas. “Boho-chic” retailer Blue Planet is a great spot to find more relaxed additions to your wardrobe, while fans of a more outdoorsy sort of workout regimen should check out Filson’s wide range of adventure gear. At Legacy West, you can even pick up a pair of Coach sneakers to add some luxury to leg day.  Those Who Speak “Boutique” Sure, we Dallasites are no strangers to top-notch shopping. But for boutique aficionados, Legacy West is primetime. Here you’ll get your shopping experience with a refined and highbrow twist— retailers like Filson, Frontgate, Johnny Was, Warby Parker, and West Elm aren’t exactly your typical shopping mall locales. And with more than 415,000 square feet dedicated to open-air retail, you’ll have no trouble finding a fountain-flanked place to rest your shopping bags while you explore. Or, just head to the Venetian Nail Spa (that is, if not by Sephora for some at-home mani/pedi supplies). (left) Johnny Was and (right) Small Pullman in Otter Green at Filson Upscale—Not Average—Joes Swim shorts from Bonobos If you’re looking for an open-air experience suitable for the entire family, Legacy West fits that bill, too. The onsite Barnes & Noble, though a shopping center staple, is the first of its kind in the southwest to house a restaurant—with beer and wine!—alongside its typical bookseller offerings. If you need to pick up a well tailored suit, head to Bonobos, Pockets, Peter Millar, or Suitsupply—seriously, take your pick from a long roster of men’s clothiers. Or if you need to stock up for an upcoming vacation, check out Tommy Bahama and TUMI. No matter where you’re headed next, Legacy West provides the perfect place to get some light shopping done in a bustling-yet-relaxed venue. Partner Content Plano Most Popular Judge Awards Huge $5.5 Million Verdict in Ira Tobolowsky Defamation Suit By Jamie Thompson What's in Real Housewife Cary Deuber's Gym Bag? By Kimber Westphall Highland Park Ladies Are Loving This Tinder-like App for Moms By S. Holland Murphy How to Help the Paramedic Injured in Last Week's Shooting in East Dallas By Alex Macon Will the Alonzos Kill Eric Johnson's West Dallas Housing Bill? By Eric Celeste Keep me up to date on the latest happenings and all that D Magazine has to offer. Related Content Partner Content Final Four Face Off in the Game of Thrones D Partner Studio Partner Content Welcome to the Game of Thrones D Partner Studio Partner Content Impress Your Beer Lover With Our Gift Guide D Partner Studio Comments D Magazine Partners 750 North St.Paul St. Suite 2100 Dallas, Texas 75201 Tel: 214.939.3636 Fax: 214.748.4579 CONTACT US Sections FrontBurner Food & Drink Arts & Entertainment Nightlife Home & Design Shopping & Fashion Health & Fitness Business & Economy Weddings Publications D Magazine D Home D CEO Subscribe Renew Subscriber Services Company Info About Us Masthead Job Openings Internships Awards Customer Service Advertise Media Kits Events Case Studies Contact Us Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Copyright © 2017, D Magazine Partners, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Advertisement will run for seconds. Continue to site »
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Wed, May 10, 2017 - Page 12　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp TAIEX briefly touches 10,000 points BROAD BASE:This year’s rally is founded on an improving economy at home and abroad that has facilitated the return of traders from overseas markets, an analyst said By Crystal Hsu  /  Staff reporter The TAIEX yesterday touched the much-anticipated 10,000-point mark midsession, but closed down 0.22 percent at 9,915.48 points on a large turnover as investors cashed out on gains, traders said. “Concerns over downward revisions drove investors to take profits after the main index briefly touched the psychologically important barrier,” JP Morgan Asset Management (摩根投信) fund manager James Yeh (葉鴻儒) said. The reversal did not indicate changes in market fundamentals, but reflected a lack of confidence on the part of investors, Yeh said. Turnover jumped 30.57 percent from Monday to NT$108.2 billion (US$3.58 billion), as foreign institutional investors increased holdings of local shares by a net NT$5.17 billion, Taiwan Stock Exchange (TWSE) data showed. Foreign funds are upbeat about the outlook for Taiwanese shares this year, especially for firms in Apple Inc’s supply chain, with overbought positions totaling NT$232.6 billion as of Monday. Mutual funds and proprietary dealers trimmed positions by NT$1.75 billion and NT$1.06 billion respectively yesterday, accounting for the benchmark’s downturn, the TWSE figures showed. It might take some time before the TAIEX secures a solid foundation above the 10,000-point mark as it did in 2015, because investors need more time to grow used to the idea, Yeh said. Price-to-equity levels remain at 14, a healthy level on par with the 15-year average, while dividend yields might hover at about 4 percent, lending to the attractiveness of local shares, Yeh said. Local shares might continue to benefit from expectations of inventory-building linked to a new Apple iPhone series likely to be launched in September, Yeh said. Shares in Hon Hai Precision Industry Co (鴻海精密), a key assembler of Apple’s products, gained 2.97 percent to NT$104, while shares in Largan Precision Co (大立光), a camera lens supplier to Apple, picked up 1.22 percent to NT$4,995, TSWE data showed. However, reports over a possible launch delay might hurt Apple-related shares if they turn out to be true, Yeh said. This year’s rally on the local bourse has a broad base, thanks to an improving economy at home and abroad that has facilitated the return of active traders from overseas markets, Allianz Global Investors Taiwan said. Investors should not assign too much importance to the level of the index, but instead base their investment decisions on the financial performances of individual companies, Allianz Global said. First Securities Investment Trust Co (第一金投信) recommended caution, citing global downside risks. This story has been viewed 901 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-05-03 to 2017-05-10 Most read Most e-mailed 1 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 2 China’s appetite pushing fish stocks to the brink 3 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 4 EDITORIAL: Press freedom concerns exist 5 Watching the sunset on Green Island 綠島賞落日 MORE  1 Watching the sunset on Green Island 綠島賞落日 2 Feng says Taiwan committed to peace 3 China blocking WHA invite, say DPP, doctors 4 Highlight: Even the Gods are crazy 5 Goodway posts NT$17.4m Q1 loss as NT dollar surges MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TTM Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News China Automotive Systems (CAAS) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.31 Fiserv Inc (FISV) Position Lowered by Geneva Advisors LLC Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Shares Sold by Geneva Advisors LLC 140,417 Shares in Planet Payment Inc (PLPM) Acquired by Geneva Advisors LLC Geneva Advisors LLC Maintains Position in XL Group Ltd. (XL) WEC Energy Group Inc (WEC) Shares Sold by Geneva Advisors LLC Geneva Advisors LLC Buys 6 Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) FMC Corp (FMC) Raised to B- at TheStreet TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (FGP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research AxoGen, Inc. to Post FY2019 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts (AXGN) FY2019 EPS Estimates for BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Lifted by Jefferies Group Geneva Advisors LLC Reduces Position in Intercontinental Exchange Inc (ICE) Geneva Advisors LLC Has $522,000 Position in Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (KALU) Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) Stake Raised by Geneva Advisors LLC P H Glatfelter (GLT) Given Media Impact Score of 0.31 Sentinel Trust Co. LBA Acquires 401 Shares of Exelon Co. (EXC) GW Pharmaceuticals PLC- (GWPH) Receiving Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Intra-Cellular Therapies (ITCI) Stock Price Devon Energy Corp (DVN) Shares Bought by Great West Life Assurance Co. Can TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet TTM Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTMI) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a $19.00 target price on the technology company’s stock. Zacks Investment Research‘s target price indicates a potential upside of 15.50% from the stock’s current price. According to Zacks, “TTM Technologies, Inc. provides time-critical, one-stop manufacturing services for highly complex printed circuit boards. Its printed circuit boards serve as the foundation of electronic products such as routers, switches, computer memory modules and communications infrastructure equipment. Its customers include manufacturers of these electronic products and their suppliers. Its customers primarily serve such rapidly growing segments of the electronics industry as networking, high-end computing, including servers, and computer peripherals. “ Several other brokerages also recently weighed in on TTMI. TheStreet downgraded shares of TTM Technologies from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of TTM Technologies from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $21.00 price target on the stock in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Stifel Nicolaus lifted their price target on shares of TTM Technologies from $15.00 to $17.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Needham & Company LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $18.00 price target on shares of TTM Technologies in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Three analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. TTM Technologies has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $18.75. TTM Technologies (NASDAQ:TTMI) traded up 0.18% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $16.48. 344,542 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a market cap of $1.66 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.15 and a beta of 1.39. TTM Technologies has a 12-month low of $6.23 and a 12-month high of $17.86. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $16.11 and a 200 day moving average of $14.85. TTM Technologies (NASDAQ:TTMI) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The technology company reported $0.33 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.20 by $0.13. TTM Technologies had a net margin of 1.38% and a return on equity of 15.90%. The business had revenue of $625.20 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $615 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.14 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts predict that TTM Technologies will post $1.70 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy”” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/ttm-technologies-inc-ttmi-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-strong-buy.html. In other news, Director Kenton K. Alder sold 3,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $17.43, for a total value of $52,290.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, EVP Tai Keung Chung sold 12,342 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $17.29, for a total transaction of $213,393.18. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 88,416 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,528,712.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 4,123,682 shares of company stock worth $64,832,718 in the last three months. Insiders own 28.40% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Artemis Investment Management LLP bought a new position in TTM Technologies during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $7,358,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new position in TTM Technologies during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $9,000,000. AQR Capital Management LLC increased its position in TTM Technologies by 43.3% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 309,856 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $4,223,000 after buying an additional 93,683 shares during the period. KCG Holdings Inc. bought a new position in TTM Technologies during the third quarter valued at approximately $651,000. Finally, New York State Teachers Retirement System increased its position in TTM Technologies by 16.1% in the fourth quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System now owns 142,670 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $1,945,000 after buying an additional 19,769 shares during the period. 80.99% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About TTM Technologies TTM Technologies, Inc is a manufacturer of printed circuit board (PCB) products and is focused on technologically advanced PCBs and electro-mechanical solutions (E-M Solutions). As of January 2, 2017, the Company operated a total of 25 specialized facilities in North America and China. The Company’s segments include PCB, E-M Solutions and Corporate. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on TTM Technologies (TTMI) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Encana Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Encana Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Enbridge Energy Management, L.L.C. (EEQ) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Fitbit Inc (FIT) EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) Earns Buy Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Encana Corp (ECA) Given a $12.50 Price Target at TD Securities Edgewell Personal Care Co (EPC) Earns Hold Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Stifel Nicolaus Reaffirms Hold Rating for Fitbit Inc (FIT) $1.58 EPS Expected for KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) This Quarter Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Buys 20,100 Shares of Amber Road Inc (AMBR) Lawton E. Bassett III Sells 5,204 Shares of Ameris Bancorp (ABCB) Stock Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Decreases Stake in MCBC Holdings Inc (MCFT) Envestnet Inc (ENV) Position Maintained by Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS Sells 4,120 Shares of Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Peter S. Ho Sells 3,000 Shares of Bank of Hawaii Co. (BOH) Stock Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Acquires 1,539 Shares of Alliant Energy Co. (LNT) Montrusco Bolton Investments Inc. Cuts Stake in Morgan Stanley (MS) Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Buys 2,412 Shares of International Paper Co (IP) Apache Co. (APA) Stake Increased by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Virgin America (VA) Receiving Somewhat Critical News Coverage, Study Shows Equity BancShares (EQBK) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of -0.10 Ur-Energy (URG) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.10 Encana Corp (ECA) Given a $12.50 Price Target at TD Securities May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet TD Securities set a $12.50 price objective on Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) (TSE:ECA) in a research report released on Wednesday morning. The firm currently has a hold rating on the oil and gas company’s stock. “We are anticipating positive revisions to both ECA’s premium well locations estimate and type curves (in the Montney and Permian in particular).”,” the firm’s analyst wrote. Several other research firms have also recently issued reports on ECA. GMP Securities reissued a hold rating and set a $13.25 price target on shares of Encana Corp in a report on Friday, March 31st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a strong-buy rating on shares of Encana Corp in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Vetr raised shares of Encana Corp from a sell rating to a strong-buy rating and set a $16.00 price target for the company in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Desjardins reissued a hold rating and set a $13.75 price target on shares of Encana Corp in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Finally, KLR Group raised shares of Encana Corp from an accumulate rating to a buy rating and set a $16.00 price target for the company in a report on Friday, January 20th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating, thirteen have issued a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $13.83. Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) traded down 2.69% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $10.84. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,490,332 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average of $11.14 and a 200 day moving average of $11.67. Encana Corp has a one year low of $5.89 and a one year high of $13.85. The firm’s market cap is $10.55 billion. Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The oil and gas company reported $0.11 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.03 by $0.08. The firm had revenue of $1.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $789.49 million. Encana Corp had a negative net margin of 40.77% and a positive return on equity of 1.79%. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted ($0.15) earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Encana Corp will post $0.36 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/encana-corp-eca-given-a-12-50-price-target-at-td-securities.html. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 15th will be paid a dividend of $0.015 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 13th. This represents a $0.06 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.54%. Encana Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is -3.97%. In other news, Director Clayton Harvey Woitas bought 12,300 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $10.65 per share, for a total transaction of $130,995.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Over the last three months, insiders have bought 30,700 shares of company stock valued at $325,049. Corporate insiders own 0.26% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Advisor Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of Encana Corp by 6.5% in the third quarter. Advisor Group Inc. now owns 25,172 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $263,000 after buying an additional 1,526 shares during the period. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board raised its stake in shares of Encana Corp by 84.2% in the third quarter. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board now owns 54,679 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $570,000 after buying an additional 25,000 shares during the period. Blue Rock Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Encana Corp during the third quarter worth about $374,000. Sei Investments Co. raised its stake in shares of Encana Corp by 5,732.5% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 97,169 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $1,017,000 after buying an additional 95,503 shares during the period. Finally, US Bancorp DE raised its stake in shares of Encana Corp by 41.0% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 31,862 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $334,000 after buying an additional 9,258 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 64.57% of the company’s stock. Encana Corp Company Profile Encana Corporation is an energy producer that is focused on developing its multi-basin portfolio of natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids (NGLs) producing plays. The Company’s operations also include the marketing of natural gas, oil and NGLs. All of its reserves and production are located in North America. Receive News & Ratings for Encana Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Encana Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Universal Electronics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Electronics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Emily M. Liggett Sells 13,000 Shares of Ultra Clean Holdings Inc (UCTT) Stock Analysts Expect Colony NorthStar Inc (CLNS) to Post $0.38 EPS US Foods Holding Corp (USFD) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Estimates Playa Hotels & Resorts NV (PLYA) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.10 EPS Brokerages Expect Colony NorthStar Inc (CLNS) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $123.1 Million Tactile Systems Technology Inc (TCMD) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Steris PLC (STE) Issues FY18 Earnings Guidance Zacks: Brokerages Expect Universal Electronics Inc (UEIC) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $184.33 Million Rebecca M. Henderson Sells 1,700 Shares of IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Stock Atkore International Group Inc (ATKR) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Michael B. Wood Sells 4,000 Shares of Steris PLC (STE) Stock Anthony James Conti Sells 4,756 Shares of AMETEK, Inc. (AME) Stock Randall R. Kirk Sells 7,230 Shares of Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN) Stock Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Price Target Increased to $26.00 by Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Roth Capital New York Times Co (NYT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Ormat Technologies, Inc. (ORA) to Hold Perrigo Company plc (PRGO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for NexPoint Residential Trust Inc (NXRT) Progressive Corp (PGR) Earns Hold Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Zacks: Brokerages Expect Universal Electronics Inc (UEIC) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $184.33 Million May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities analysts forecast that Universal Electronics Inc (NASDAQ:UEIC) will report sales of $184.33 million for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Two analysts have issued estimates for Universal Electronics’ earnings, with the lowest sales estimate coming in at $180.98 million and the highest estimate coming in at $187.68 million. Universal Electronics posted sales of $170.99 million in the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year-over-year growth rate of 7.8%. The firm is expected to issue its next earnings results on Thursday, August 3rd. On average, analysts expect that Universal Electronics will report full year sales of $184.33 million for the current year, with estimates ranging from $694.52 million to $721.62 million. For the next fiscal year, analysts anticipate that the business will report sales of $733.21 million per share. Zacks’ sales averages are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that cover Universal Electronics. Universal Electronics (NASDAQ:UEIC) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 4th. The technology company reported $0.65 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.63 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $162.30 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $158.77 million. Universal Electronics had a net margin of 4.05% and a return on equity of 16.85%. The firm’s revenue was up 7.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.50 earnings per share. A number of research analysts recently commented on the company. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and issued a $77.25 target price on shares of Universal Electronics in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Piper Jaffray Companies restated a “buy” rating and issued a $77.00 target price on shares of Universal Electronics in a research note on Friday. Zacks Investment Research lowered Universal Electronics from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Lake Street Capital lowered Universal Electronics from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $71.00 target price for the company. in a research note on Friday. Finally, TheStreet upgraded Universal Electronics from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $76.45. In other Universal Electronics news, Director Edward K. Zinser sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $72.00, for a total value of $720,000.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 20,000 shares in the company, valued at $1,440,000. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 5.82% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in UEIC. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Universal Electronics by 15.8% in the third quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. now owns 6,299 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $469,000 after buying an additional 859 shares during the last quarter. Capital Management Associates NY boosted its stake in shares of Universal Electronics by 16.7% in the third quarter. Capital Management Associates NY now owns 7,000 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $521,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the last quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC boosted its stake in shares of Universal Electronics by 18.4% in the third quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC now owns 359,455 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $26,765,000 after buying an additional 55,888 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Universal Electronics by 108.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,420 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $999,000 after buying an additional 6,985 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Universal Electronics by 8.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 992,691 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $73,916,000 after buying an additional 73,391 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 90.71% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Zacks: Brokerages Expect Universal Electronics Inc (UEIC) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $184.33 Million” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/zacks-brokerages-expect-universal-electronics-inc-ueic-will-post-quarterly-sales-of-184-33-million.html. Universal Electronics (NASDAQ:UEIC) traded down 0.87% during trading on Friday, reaching $62.75. 24,249 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $68.01 and its 200-day moving average price is $66.86. The company has a market capitalization of $903.98 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 52.29 and a beta of 1.78. Universal Electronics has a 52-week low of $52.90 and a 52-week high of $80.42. Universal Electronics Company Profile Universal Electronics Inc (UEI) develops control and sensor technology solutions and manufactures a line of pre-programmed and universal remote control products, audio-video (AV) accessories, and intelligent wireless security and automation components. The Company’s offerings include pre-programmed universal infrared (IR) and radio frequency (RF) remote controls that are sold primarily to subscription broadcasting providers, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), retailers, and private label customers, and integrated circuits, on which its software and universal device control database is embedded, sold primarily to OEMs, subscription broadcasting providers, and private label customers. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Universal Electronics (UEIC) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Universal Electronics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Electronics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Your doctor might have a phony medical degree CBS News Kate Gibson 17 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The 100 best colleges for sports lovers Facebook's Sheryl Sandberg tells women to marry the nerds High school journalists in Pittsburg, Kansas, recently uncovered a troubling and at times dangerous trend that's far more prevalent than realized. They garnered national attention for their discovery about the credentials of their school's new principal.   Quotes in the article CBS Corp CBS ▲ 63.56 +0.19 +0.30% Visa Inc V ▲ 92.00 +0.08 +0.09% Homeland Security Corp HSCC ▲ 0.0250 +0.0001 +0.36% JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM ▼ 86.75 -0.35 -0.40% "We stumbled on some things that most might not consider legitimate credentials," Trina Paul, a senior and an editor of the Pittsburgh High School newspaper, told the Kansas City Star. Within days of the students publishing their story, principal Amy Robertson had resigned from her $93,000-a-year position. She said she obtained both master's and doctorate degrees from a Corllins University, whose existence the U.S. Department of Education has no evidence of, and reportedly swiped a commencement photo Wake Forest University in North Carolina used for its own marketing, Robertson is far from alone in touting a pedigree that includes a degree from Corllins, described in multiple news stories as a diploma mill. A recent search of LinkedIn found 745 people, including public-safety workers, lawyers, engineers, educators and federal government employees, holding degrees from Corllins.  The career-oriented social network's listings of Corllins grads include a computer scientist at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, a personal assistant to the Deputy Secretary of State in Washington, D.C., an executive director of consumer and community banking at JPMorgan Chase (JPM) in Texas and a flight nurse with an air evacuation team in the Lone Star State. Sample of Bachelor of Science degree issued by University of NorthWest© Provided by CBS Interactive Inc. diplomagood.png Given Corllins is just one of many "schools" engaged in the booming business of offering bogus degrees for payment, there's every reason to believe physicians, lawyers and engineers are among those currently employed in positions obtained through bogus degrees. And unlike decades past, the internet has only made an unscrupulous industry that much more accessible to people looking to purchase, rather than earn, credentials. And it has lowered the overhead costs for those offering the illegal service. "Diploma mills have been around for more than 700 years, and things are worse now than they've ever been," said John Bear, co-author of "Degree Mills: The Billion-Dollar Industry That Has Sold Over a Million Fake Diplomas." He added: "Just two of the sellers -- Axact from Pakistan and University Degree Program (UDP) run by an American in Romania -- have accounted for many hundreds of thousands of sales to Americans, and that's just the tip of the iceberg. More than half of all new PhDs in the U.S. each year are fake." Doctored degrees There's little reason to doubt that sales of degrees have only become even more prevalent since a federal probe executed from 1989 to 1991. It was dubbed "DIPSCAM" for "Diploma Scam," and resulted in the dismantling of 40 phony schools, 19 federal grand jury indictments, 20 convictions and the purchase of 40 diplomas and transcripts.  "Our best guestimate is there are 5,000 diploma mills at any one time, and probably the same number of fake accrediting agencies," said Allen Ezell, a 31-year FBI veteran who helped run DIPSCAM. "I'm not paranoid, but it's everywhere," he added. Federal agents identified 12,500 graduates of the 40 fake schools, and those who had purchased bogus degrees included "federal, state and county employees," Ezell (Bear's co-author) told CBS MoneyWatch. "Graduates were employed in business, education, law enforcement, military and in the medical field." A 2006 paper published in the Hofstra Labor and Employment Law Journal cited congressional testimony for some startling data, including an estimate from the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education that one of six education doctorates are fraudulent.  "Even more disturbing, an extrapolation of the percentage of people holding fake diplomas in the medical field revealed potentially 2 million 'bogus practitioners' in the United States," wrote Creola Johnson, a law professor at Ohio State University. "The testimonial evidence concluded that at least 500,000 Americans hold fake degrees." Many of those holding fake MDs are "small-town doctors that have military field medic training and can do stitches or an injection," said Bear, who like Ezell, works as a consultant. "Many are smart enough to know if they can't handle a case, they pass it on." But unfortunately, that doesn't always happen. Bear, who started tracking bogus institutions while writing a guide to earning a degree through distance learning, was an expert witness in a manslaughter case in North Carolina against two men who had purchased doctors' IDs for $100 purporting to be from the University of London. "They had cure-all substances they sold online," Bear said of the pair. "They took a young girl off insulin, put her on their potion, and she died." Ezell noted that when he needed an operation four or five years ago, he checked the credentials of both his surgeon and the anesthesiologist, and he advises others do the same. "It's serious. Don't assume they are what they say they are." Sky's the limit The largest gross revenue of any fraudulent school Ezell visited as an FBI agent was $2 million, netted during a roughly three-year period from three schools run in Ohio and Arizona. But that was pre-internet, so the schools generated business by advertising through the mail, flyers or matchbook covers. "It was worldwide then, but in a different vein. Now it's astronomical," said Ezell, who left the FBI in 1991 but continues to track bogus degrees as a consultant. "It's a big business, and $2 million is nothing." Graduates from UDP, the biggest diploma mill of its time, "are still flushing up today," said Ezell of the operation, which grossed $435 million from the sales of more than 200,000 bogus degrees, including medical, from 1998 to 2003, when the U.S. Federal Trade Commission shut it down. The FTC imposed a $180,000 civil fine on those running UDP, he said, but they were not criminally prosecuted and eventually resumed business under new names and web addresses. "White-collar crime has always taken the back seat of the bus," said Ezell, who recently used a stored-value international Visa card to purchase an MBA from a school run by Axact, now the target of a criminal probe by Pakistan officials. "I told them the date I wanted to graduate, the major I wanted and the GDP I wanted. It was a cheapie: $500 for an MBA," he said. "They took my money and sent me a package with a diploma, transcript and letters of recommendation three to four weeks ago." Ezell's work was conducted on behalf of a corporate client in a civil case against an executive, who settled with the company after being confronted with the evidence that his diploma came from an entity that sold bogus credentials.  Bogus degrees, real risks "The U.S. continues to hold the dubious title of most popular location for diploma mill providers; 1,008 are known to have operated or currently operate from the country, an increase of 198, or 20 percent," from the year earlier, found Verifile, a London-based screening company in a 2011 report. "The sheer number in existence indicates that selling degree certificates is big business for diploma mill operators, and that bogus degrees present real risk for prospective employers, educators and the general public. Sample of Bachelor of Science degree issued by Rocheville University© Provided by CBS Interactive Inc. diplomagood2.png Verifile's report was released not long after a skyscraper built with input of a man with a phony engineering degree collapsed during an earthquake in New Zealand, killing 155 people. "For every high-profile case, there are many, many more bogus degrees used by ordinary people," noted Verifile in its report. The city of Baltimore offers a recent example. A 32-year veteran of the city's police department now faces theft charges of "unlawfully presenting as genuine a false diploma." The ex-detective, Staccato Butler, also lost his adjunct faculty position in the University of Baltimore's high-technology program. "As long as we and other countries are in a credential-conscious society, credentials are going to matter," said Ezell, who noted that employers unwittingly motivate workers to purchase bogus credentials by offering higher salaries for advanced degrees. In Seattle, a sheriff's detective got a phony online college degree to get a 2 percent raise, an issue that came up when he ran for sheriff. "People lie about degrees they haven't earned -- or purchase spurious degrees from diploma mills -- because it works. The gatekeeper in almost all of this is the HR department," said Rich Douglas, who studied the issue for 15 years as part of doctoral dissertation. "They don't know what they're looking at, and they don't seem to care. This allows a deputy secretary for IT of the Department of Homeland Security and the chief nurse of a huge hospital system to claim unaccredited degrees in plain sight." The professional organizations for HR do not require people to know the differences between accreditation and state licensing, said Douglas, who holds certifications from both the Society for Human Resource Management and the HR Certification Institute. "Given that hiring managers usually, but not always, rely on their HR departments to screen applicants, I'd say a little knowledge would go a very long way," said Douglas, who's an advocate of additional training for HR pros. "I don't think there's the political will, but it's an easy thing to eliminate," said George Gollin, a professor of physics at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He started looking into diploma mills when he began getting a lot of spam from one. "I called, expecting to scream at them, and instead I got a sales pitch that I could get any degree I wanted for $4,000." When Abraham Lincoln was inaugurated, a third to half of U.S. currency was counterfeit, with each state generating its own script and banks printing it. The problem was largely solved by the nationalized production of U.S. currency, said Gollin, who believes the federal government, rather than individual states, should determine the legal definition of a degree provider.  The U.N. Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization could keep a list of legitimate universities, with consumers getting alerts when they visit websites of entities not on the list. That would be "the same kind of security that turns on when there's contact by web browsers to a trusted source," Gollin said.  Ezell's suggestion for curbing the problem? Assign one or two FBI agents to work academic fraud. "The word will get out, I promise you there's a grapevine for the industry. They will know," he said. Ezell added that it should also be made clear to would-be buyers of the phony degrees that they risk job loss and prosecution if they do so. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CBS News 10 questions renters shouldn't forget to ask CBS News CBS News View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
   Home     About BusinessWorld     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     May 10, 2017 | MANILA, PHILIPPINES Home Top Stories Finance Corporate Economy Nation Stock Market World Arts & Leisure Sports Opinion Infographics Weekender High Life Forum Spark UP Research Video RSS Downloads Breaking News :   Factory output growth slows in March Bworldonline.com Weekender Finance China Bank raises P15B from stock rights offer Posted on May 10, 2017 CHINA BANKING Corp. (China Bank) raised P15 billion as planned from its stock rights offer amid strong investor appetite for the Henry Sy-led bank’s shares. China Bank said its net income grew by 6% to P1.47 billion in the first three months of the year. In a disclosure to the local bourse on Monday, China Bank said it successfully completed its P15-billion capital buildup program after the offer was fully subscribed. “The SRO [stock rights offer] was fully subscribed and led by major shareholder SM Group. The offer also saw strong participation from the bank’s domestic and international investors,” the listed lender said in a statement. According to China Bank, proceeds from the fund raising will be used for the expansion of its loan book and branch network, as well as “support its other strategic business initiatives.” Under the P15-billion capital buildup program, China Bank offered up to 483.871 million shares to its stockholders as of April 19. Each shareholder has one rights share for every 4.1375 existing common share of the bank. The offer period ran from April 24 to May 5, with the shares set for listing today. The lender secured the Philippine Stock Exchange’s (PSE) approval for the sale last March 22. It appointed its investment house arm, China Bank Capital Corp. as issue manager as well as Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities PLC as joint global coordinators and bookrunners for the offer. Q1 PROFIT UP 6% In a separate disclosure to the PSE, China Bank said its bottom line grew by 6% to P1.47 billion in the first three months of the year from the P1.386 billion recorded in the same period in 2016, on the back of robust lending and core fee-based income. “Our strategic focus to strengthen our core businesses and diversifying our fee-based revenues in the midst of our network expansion are starting to produce encouraging results,” China Bank President and Chief Executive Officer Ricardo R. Chua was quoted saying in a statement. The bank’s net interest income booked a double digit growth to P4.47 billion in the first quarter, 14% higher from the P3.92 billion logged in the same period a year ago, on the back of a 16% expansion in its gross loan portfolio. Similarly, its operating income stood at P5.66 billion during the January to March period, 7% up from the P5.27 billion booked a year ago. Its non-interest income, which excludes trading gains, expanded by 22% year-on-year to P1.08 billion during the three-month period on the back of gains from its service charges, fees from bancassurance, investment banking and trust and income from asset sales. Meanwhile, operating expenses reached P3.88 billion in the first three months of the year, 8% higher from the P3.6 billion recorded a year ago, amid the bank’s expansion of branches during the period. Total assets grew to P620.40 billion during the January to March period, jumping 14% from the P543.1 billion booked in 2016, on the back of an increase in its gross loan portfolio to P378.41 billion during the period. The bank’s total deposits likewise saw a double-digit growth to P530.52 billion by end-March, 17% year-on-year, driven by a 21% increase in its low-cost CASA deposits to P272.58 billion, bringing its CASA ratio to 51.4% in the first quarter and its loans-to-deposit ratio at 70%. Shares in China Bank lost 30 centavos or 0.82% to close at P36.50 apiece on Tuesday. -- Janine Marie D. Soliman E-mail | Print |     From / email :     To :     E-mail (required) :     Message :     Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.  BREAKING NEWS Factory output growth slows in March ...more    MORE STORIES China Bank raises P15B from stock rights offer MART hopes to secure SRO status within 2017 Peso weakens anew amid lack of fresh leads Credit Suisse plans more Asia equities cuts by June Indonesia strives to build financial market to match its economic might Government makes full award of Treasury bills BSP eases investment rules for small lenders Peso strengthens against dollar after Macron win China deleveraging damage tops $500B Treasury bills expected to fetch flat to lower yields    MOST READ    MOST E-MAILED 1. PSEi retreats after briefly touching 8,000 level 2. First Gen may cut stake in LNG terminal 3. Next BSP chief vows ‘continuity++’ 4. Port volume growth slows amid mining turmoil 5. Impeachment bid vs Duterte at House committee 1. DO 174: More than meets the eye 2. Bangko Sentral unfazed by Fed tightening into 2018 3. BIR clarifies method for calculating tax on real property capital gains 4. Delivery service to drive Max’s growth higher 5. Wealthy Filipinos’ guide to living in sought-after territories © 2017 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation. All rights reserved. Read our privacy guidelines.    Home     About BusinessWorld     Wired     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     Site Map    
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Camping World Gears Up for Secondary Offering By Chris Lange May 9, 2017 11:25 am EDT Print Email Tweet Camping World Holdings Inc. (NYSE: CWH) has filed an amended S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regarding its secondary offering. The company plans to offer 10 million shares, with an overallotment option for an additional 1.5 million shares. At the Friday’s closing price of $31.86, the entire offering is valued up to $366.39 million. The underwriters for the offering are Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Merrill Lynch, Credit Suisse, Baird, BMO Capital Markets, KeyBanc Capital Markets, Stephens and Wells Fargo. The company believes that it is the only provider of a comprehensive portfolio of services, protection plans, products and resources for recreational vehicle (RV) enthusiasts. Roughly 9 million households in the United States own an RV, and of that installed base, it has approximately 3.3 million active customers. Camping World generates recurring revenue by providing RV owners and enthusiasts the full spectrum of services, protection plans, products and resources that it believes are essential to operate, maintain and protect their RV and to enjoy the RV lifestyle. The firm provides these offerings through its two iconic brands: Good Sam and Camping World. In terms of its finances, the company detailed in the filing: Our Active Customer database had approximately 3.3 million customers on December 31, 2016, representing a 6.4% five-year compound annual growth rate (CAGR). Our total revenue was $3.5 billion for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, representing a 17.4% five-year CAGR. Our net income was $203.2 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, representing a 48.0% five-year CAGR. Our Adjusted EBITDA was $291.3 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, representing a 22.5% five-year CAGR. The company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering to purchase common units directly from CWGS, with the remainder to be used for general corporate purposes, including the funding of the Gander Mountain Acquisition, including the related re-opening and initial working capital needs of 70 or more retail locations. Camping World will not receive proceeds for the sale of shares by the selling stockholders. Shares of Camping World were recently trading at $31.00, with a consensus analyst price target of $37.25 and a 52-week trading range of $20.45 to $36.60. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « The 15 Most Expensive Stocks Why Cleantech Still Matters » Read more: Services, IPOs and Secondaries, CommonWealth Reit (NYSE:CWH) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 11 Medical Conditions Aspirin Can Treat America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States America's 25 Thriving Industries 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America 9 Ways to Deal With Robocalls Recent Why Yelp Is Getting Crushed Disney Earnings Aren’t Enough For Investors Tuesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Pandora, Hertz Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Nuance Keeps Seeing Demand Rise TripAdvisor Jump-Starts Sales Growth Despite Weaker Net Income Why Tesla, Inc. Stock Surged 12.9% in April June WTI oil at $46.27/bbl, up from $45.88 Nymex settlement WTI oil edges up in electronic trade; sources say API data show US crude supply drop Nvidia reports earnings of 79 cents a share on revenue of $1.94 billion, beating estimates New Strong Buy Stocks At 52-Week Highs Today What to Do Before the Machines Take Over Nvidia (NVDA) Stock Up 12% on Q1 Earnings and Revenue Beats Toyota's Fiscal-Year Net Profit Falls 20% Sean Spicer: Democrats Should Agree with the Decision to Fire Comey Amazon Trounces Rivals in Battle of the Shopping 'Bots' Why You Should Be Cautious About The 23-Karat Gold Face Cream At Sephora Australian Senator Becomes First To Breastfeed On Parliament Floor Fyre Festival Apparently Tried To Silence Critics With Cease And Desist Letters Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
MyNewMarkets.com Claims Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management Featured Stories Florida Fails to Pass AOB Reform Wells Fargo to Sell Insurance Unit News Markets Jobs Front Page National International Most Popular Magazine Forums Blogs Videos/Podcasts Newsletters News Most Popular National International East Midwest South Central Southeast West Topics P&C Companies Agents & Brokers Government Markets/Coverages Operations Claims More Topics Magazines East Midwest South Central Southeast West Subscribe Research Directories Jobs Sales Marketing Management Finance Claims Underwriting Other Features Events Forums Buyers Guide Insurance Twitter Market Directories Ad Showcase Quotes Polls Subscribe More Than 25% of UK Financial Firms Make Plans for EU HQs on Brexit: EY By Gavin Finch | May 9, 2017 Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Article Comments More than a quarter of major U.K. financial services firms have said they will move staff or operations abroad, or are reviewing their domicile because of Brexit, according to consulting firm EY. That’s a 50 percent increase this year in the number of banks, insurers and asset managers which have publicly fleshed out their plans as the countdown ticks toward Britain’s March 2019 withdrawal from the European Union, said EY, which is monitoring 222 firms. Eight of the biggest investment banks, including Goldman Sachs Group Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Deutsche Bank AG, have detailed their contingency arrangements in the past fortnight. Finance companies are preparing to move some British-based operations into new or expanded bases inside the EU after Prime Minister Theresa May began the formal process for quitting the 28-nation bloc. London could lose 10,000 banking jobs and a further 20,000 roles in financial services, according to the Bruegel think tank, while other estimates range from as little as 4,000 to as many as 232,000 positions. “The number of financial institutions who are publicly committing to concrete action in response to Brexit has increased, but it’s still a minority and is driven by the tight timetable rather than by politics,” EY U.K. financial services leader Omar Ali said in a statement. “The more complex the organization, the longer it is going to take to create workable contingency options, and so investment banks in particular are putting their plans on record.” Separately, firms in the capital’s financial district don’t think the two-year Brexit negotiation period is long enough either for the U.K. to redefine its trading relationship with the EU or for companies to restructure their businesses, according to Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP. Firms want a lengthy phased implementation period after March 2019 to adapt to the new rules, the law firm said in a report Monday. Copyright 2017 Bloomberg. Get Insurance Journal Every Day Subscribe Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Categories: International News Topics: Brexit, EU membership, EY, passporting, UK market Have a hot lead? Email us at newsdesk@insurancejournal.com Advertisers See Comments (0)Add a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Comment Notify me of comments via e-mail More News How Judging Moral Character Is a Matter of Principle, Not Good Deeds Court Denies Shareholder Claim Against AIG Bailout Case Led by Starr’s Greenberg How P/C Insurers Fared in 2016 Wells Fargo Weighing Sale of Insurance Brokerage Business: Bloomberg Will Technology Make Insurance Obsolete? Today’s Older Employees Not a Retiring Bunch New Jersey Agent Stults Honored with Woodworth Memorial Award More Than 25% of UK Financial Firms Make Plans for EU HQs on Brexit: EYMore News Features Most Popular Now This Week Commented State Farm to Close 11 Offices, Displacing 4,200 Employees, After 2016 $7B Loss Wells Fargo Weighing Sale of Insurance Brokerage Business: Bloomberg Will Technology Make Insurance Obsolete? Today's Older Employees Not a Retiring Bunch How P/C Insurers Fared in 2016 State Farm to Close 11 Offices, Displacing 4,200 Employees, After 2016 $7B Loss As Auto Insurance Sales Stagnate, Carriers Turn to Agents: J.D. Power Full-Fledged El Nino Increasingly Likely in Second Half 2017 Wells Fargo Weighing Sale of Insurance Brokerage Business: Bloomberg Berkshire's $10 Billion Deal wth AIG Attractive Because It's Risky: Munger Berkshire's Buffett Says Republican Health Plan Is Tax Cut for Wealthy | Comments (72) House Passes Obamacare Repeal, 217-213; Senate Support in Doubt | Comments (56) State Farm to Close 11 Offices, Displacing 4,200 Employees, After 2016 $7B Loss | Comments (33) Republicans Schedule Health Insurance Vote for Today | Comments (28) Farmer: 32 Cows Killed in Missouri Lightning Strike a $60K Loss | Comments (11) More Top Stories RIMS 2017 Why Cyber Should Be Treated as Standalone Insurance Firms Value Cyber Assets Highly Until Time for Insurance Risk Managers in Denial Over Disruptive Technologies PotashCorp’s Seaman Takes Helm as 2017 RIMS President St. Joseph’s Team Wins Spencer-RIMS Risk Management Challenge Research and White Papers Free Newsletters Sign up to receive insurance news alerts! Daily Headlines Most Popular This Week MyNewMarkets.com Daily Insurance Jobs Newsletter (weekly) Carrier Management (new) Have a news tip? Tell us. Current Issue Read Online Download PDF Subscribe Available on the iPad Featured Videos Weekly Top Picks: May 9, 2017Watch Now Young Agents: Get Involved!Watch Now Editors and Contributors Stephanie K. Jones Iowa GOP's Workers' Comp Bill Signed by Governor Denise Johnson Risk Management: Employers Benefit from Mitigating Workplace Violence Douglas A. Powell Top 25: P/C Direct Premium Written Up 4 Percent in 2016 Elizabeth Blosfield The Graham Company Becomes 100% Employee Owned Quote of Note We think this is really an important coverage for the state of California. More Quotes Partner Center Reader Poll How would you rate President Trump and his administration thus far? Insurance Jobs Marketing Specialist - New York, NY Sales Account Executive - Laguna Niguel, California Senior Litigation Specialist - Scottsdale, AZ OR Remote Senior Claims Examiner - Scottsdale, AZ Claims Consultant - Stockton, CA Carriers Turn to Agents As Auto Insurance Sales Stagnate: J.D. Power Report: How Firms Rate on Cyber Readiness and Why Some Don't Buy Coverage Hippo Launches with Promise of 60-Second Homeowners Insurance Quote Cyber Insurance: Many Choices Now That There Is No Choice Millennial Says Individual Development Plans, Pay Incentives Nurture Younger Staff North Carolina Bill Limiting Farm Nuisance Damages Vetoed Nevada Lawmakers Push Blood-Only Detection of Marijuana DUIs California Balcony Fall Victims Win Partial Settlement May 25 Three Best Closing Techniques Jun 22 Your Work Comp Audit is Wrong - Welcome to the Club Jul 20 Certificate of Insurance: You Can't Always Get What You Want Aug 24 Hope I Die Before I Get Old Else Medicare is Going to Knock me Cold Insurance News News by Region News by Topic Yesterday Site Search Features Insurance Markets Directory Forums A.M. Best Company Ratings Industry Events Agencies Wanted / For Sale Buyers Guide Newswire Ad Showcase Insurance Jobs Connect with us Email Newsletters Magazine Subscriptions For Your Website RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Insurance Journal Submit News Advertise Subscribe Reprints Link to Us Contact Us Wells Media Group Network Insurance Journal Online MyNewMarkets.com Claims Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management © 2017 by Wells Media Group, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map
Things to Read Resist Trump Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Spring Art and Performance Green Guide Home Person of Interest Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film/TV Art Theater Books Things to Do Upstream Seattle Beer Week Mother's Day SIFF Red May Resistance & Solidarity Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Log in Sign up Menu Close Things To Read Resist Trump Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Spring Art and Performance Green Guide Home Person of Interest Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film/TV Art Theater Books Print Archives Things To Do Upstream Seattle Beer Week Mother's Day SIFF Red May Resistance & Solidarity Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Other Things Stranger Tickets Stranger Perks Account Log in Sign up SLOG News • City The Morning News: Hasegawa Joins the Mayoral Race, One of Murray's Accusers Appears on Camera For the First Time by Steven Hsieh • May 9, 2017 at 8:29 am Tweet State Sen. Bob Hasegawa Bob Hasegawa For Mayor Bob Hasegawa Tosses His Hat in the Ring: The newest candidate for mayor is is a Democratic state senator from Beacon Hill, who backed Bernie Sanders and a state bank, but knocked funding for light rail. He'll be making a public announcement at Wells Fargo Center at 11 am. One of Murray's Accusers Speaks on Camera For the First Time: Lloyd Anderson, one of two men who says Murray sexually abused them when they were a teenagers at a group home in Portland, went on camera for the first time. Anderson's interview with KIRO 7 is consistent with what he told The Stranger last month: The Rumor Mill: Murray Won't Run For Re-Election: Anonymous sources are whispering that Mayor Ed Murray won't file for re-election. His decision would come as he battles four accusations that he paid men for sex in the 1980s, three of whom were under the age of consent, making their alleged encounters sexual assaults. KING 5 broke the rumors, citing two sources "in the mayor's inner circle." KOMO reports the news will drop today. The Stranger Editors: We Hope Those Rumors Are True: In case you missed it. Trump Was Warned Twice About General Flynn: And the president didn't do anything about warnings that his national security advisor was vulnerable to blackmail from Russia, according to former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates. Climate Activists Hit Another Bank: The environmental group 350 Seattle led actions at Chase Bank branches throughout the city to demand that JPMorgan Chase, the bank's parent company, not commit any loans to the Keystone XL pipeline project. Police reportedly made 28 arrests during the demonstrations, on charges of trespassing, pedestrian interference or obstruction. Activists say that six branches temporarily closed on Monday due to the protests. Sydney captured this video from the 2nd and Union branch, where indigenous leaders led a round dance: Inside, Native water protectors have started a round dance. Drumming and singing. pic.twitter.com/4qEpwfbpz5 — Sydney Brownstone (@sydbrownstone) May 8, 2017 Northwest Immigrant Rights Project Sues the Feds: An office in the Department of Justice that handles immigration cases sent a cease-and-desist letter to the nonprofit asking them to stop helping undocumented people with paperwork. NWIRP said: Not without a legal challenge. FBI Charges Seattle Cop For Smuggling Pot Across the Country: Ofc. Alex Chapackdee allegedly made multiple road trips to Baltimore with "hundreds of pounds of marijuana" casually packed in his RV. He allegedly drove the drugs as part of a ring lead by his brother-in-law, who was also arrested by the FBI this weekend. Chapackdee has been placed on leave. We're still trying to figure out how one holds down a full-time job while making up to three cross-country road trips in as many months. South Park Plastered With Anti-Immigrant Posters: Someone has been putting up posters in this neighborhood encouraging people to report undocumented immigrants to ICE. Residents banded together to tear down the posters and replace them with fliers—written in English, Spanish and Vietnamese—that say, "Where ever you're from, we're glad you're our neighbor." Ana Sofia has the story. Toddler May Have Caught Rare Raccoon-Linked Disease: Doctors are waiting for the lab results after a child showed signs of a Baylisascaris infection, a potentially fatal ringworm. The only way to catch the virus in question, of which there have only been 29 cases reported in the US since 1973, is to ingest dirt contaminated with raccoon droppings. Happy National Teacher's Day: Go thank that mentor who put up with your shit and saved your life. And then demand your legislators find a way to fund Washington State public schools. Damn, It's Nice Out: Are we in the clear? Are we in the clear? Are we in the clear? Are we in the clear? 8 You might also be interested in these: Sponsored: Tutus, Pointe Shoes…And Hairy Chests. Les Ballets Trockadero Performs At Meany Center May 18-20 | 8 p.m. Chastity Belt Reveal a Noisier Side with "5am" off Their New Hardly Art LP by Dave Segal Savage Love Letter of the Day: Dating While Ace by Dan Savage Most Popular in Slog Signal Boost: Friend Sought by Dan Savage Savage Love Letter of the Day: Dating While Ace by Dan Savage Mayor Ed Murray Ends Re-Election Campaign by Heidi Groover Death Cab for Cutie and The Decemberists Announce Benefit Concert for Planned Parenthood and the ACLU by Amber Cortes The Morning News: Hasegawa Joins the Mayoral Race, One of Murray's Accusers Appears on Camera For the First Time by Steven Hsieh Update: Hanford Nuclear Site in Lockdown Over Emergency by Sydney Brownstone Kathleen O'Toole Will Chair Irish Policing Commission, But Won't Be Leaving Seattle Post by Steven Hsieh Newsletters Sign up for the latest news and to win free tickets to events Stranger Tickets Buy tickets to events around Seattle Stranger Things To Do Comprehensive calendar of Seattle events Stranger Things To Do App The easiest way to find Seattle's best events This Week's Issue Print Archives Publication Info Masthead Ad Info & Rates Distribution Jobs at The Stranger Contact Check it out Follow Us RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Harmony Gold Mining Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Harmony Gold Mining Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wedbush Weighs in on Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (KPTI) McKesson Co. (MCK) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Harmony Gold Mining Co. (HMY) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research MEDNAX Inc (MD) Shares Bought by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Enbridge Inc (ENB) Shares Bought by Cumberland Partners Ltd Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Takes Position in Enbridge Inc (ENB) Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Purchases 1,494 Shares of Entergy Co. (ETR) General Motors Company (GM) Shares Bought by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Has $1.155 Million Position in IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Has $1.161 Million Position in Quest Diagnostics Inc (DGX) Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Raises Position in Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Stake Boosted by Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Purchases 4,405 Shares of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOX) Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Has $1.231 Million Position in Mohawk Industries, Inc. (MHK) Marchex (MCHX) Receiving Very Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows CVR Energy (CVI) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.56 Quantenna Communications Inc (QTNA) Issues Q2 Earnings Guidance Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Expectations Cenveo (CVO) Receives News Impact Score of 0.56 Douglas Dynamics Inc (PLOW) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Harmony Gold Mining Co. (HMY) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Harmony Gold Mining Co. (NYSE:HMY) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. Zacks Investment Research currently has $2.50 price objective on the mining company’s stock. According to Zacks, “Estimates for Harmony Gold for the current year have been stable lately. Harmony has a diverse portfolio of gold development projects spread across South Africa and PNG. The company is also making good progress in producing better quality gold ounces. Harmony also remains committed to its cash control initiatives. However, the company has underperformed the Zacks categorized Mining-Gold industry over a year.” HMY has been the subject of several other reports. Deutsche Bank AG cut Harmony Gold Mining from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Harmony Gold Mining from an overweight rating to an underweight rating in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Harmony Gold Mining has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $2.50. Harmony Gold Mining (NYSE:HMY) traded down 2.31% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $2.11. The company had a trading volume of 589,363 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $2.42 and a 200 day moving average of $2.51. The company has a market capitalization of $922.70 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 4.38 and a beta of -1.75. Harmony Gold Mining has a one year low of $1.86 and a one year high of $4.87. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/harmony-gold-mining-co-hmy-rating-increased-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in HMY. Creative Planning boosted its position in shares of Harmony Gold Mining by 1.0% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 253,689 shares of the mining company’s stock worth $622,000 after buying an additional 2,521 shares during the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its position in shares of Harmony Gold Mining by 2.3% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 371,242 shares of the mining company’s stock worth $1,296,000 after buying an additional 8,493 shares during the last quarter. State of Wisconsin Investment Board raised its position in shares of Harmony Gold Mining by 7.5% in the first quarter. State of Wisconsin Investment Board now owns 288,090 shares of the mining company’s stock valued at $706,000 after buying an additional 20,000 shares in the last quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC raised its position in shares of Harmony Gold Mining by 102.2% in the third quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC now owns 67,836 shares of the mining company’s stock valued at $237,000 after buying an additional 34,287 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in shares of Harmony Gold Mining by 10.6% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 372,395 shares of the mining company’s stock valued at $912,000 after buying an additional 35,618 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 29.67% of the company’s stock. Harmony Gold Mining Company Profile Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in gold mining and related activities, including exploration, extraction and processing. The Company’s segments include South Africa Underground, Surface, and International. The South Africa Underground segment includes Kusasalethu, Doornkop, Phakisa, Tshepong, Masimong, Target 1, Bambanani, Joel, Unisel and Target 3. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Harmony Gold Mining (HMY) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Harmony Gold Mining Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Harmony Gold Mining Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance McKesson Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for McKesson Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wedbush Weighs in on Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (KPTI) McKesson Co. (MCK) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Harmony Gold Mining Co. (HMY) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research MEDNAX Inc (MD) Shares Bought by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Enbridge Inc (ENB) Shares Bought by Cumberland Partners Ltd Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Takes Position in Enbridge Inc (ENB) Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Purchases 1,494 Shares of Entergy Co. (ETR) General Motors Company (GM) Shares Bought by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Has $1.155 Million Position in IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Has $1.161 Million Position in Quest Diagnostics Inc (DGX) Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Raises Position in Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Stake Boosted by Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Purchases 4,405 Shares of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOX) Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Has $1.231 Million Position in Mohawk Industries, Inc. (MHK) Marchex (MCHX) Receiving Very Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows CVR Energy (CVI) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.56 Quantenna Communications Inc (QTNA) Issues Q2 Earnings Guidance Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Expectations Cenveo (CVO) Receives News Impact Score of 0.56 Douglas Dynamics Inc (PLOW) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance McKesson Co. (MCK) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of McKesson Co. (NYSE:MCK) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report issued on Wednesday morning. According to Zacks, “McKesson posted stable numbers for the third-quarter fiscal 2017 wherein earnings beat past the Zacks Consensus Estimate owing to strong performance in the Distribution Solutions division. Over the past three months, McKesson underperformed the broader industry with respect to price performance. To boost growth the company has entered into an agreement to acquire CoverMyMeds for approximately $1.1 billion. However in the near term the company depends heavily on the pharmaceutical distribution business, which is witnessing slow growth. In addition, the company expects weaker generic pharmaceutical pricing trends in fiscal 2017. The company also anticipates lower profits in fiscal 2017 due to customer pricing activities and moderating branded pharmaceutical pricing trends. In addition, unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates continue to hurt sales.” Other analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Citigroup Inc raised their price objective on shares of McKesson from $169.00 to $175.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Vetr lowered shares of McKesson from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating and set a $157.86 target price on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Leerink Swann restated a hold rating and set a $140.00 target price on shares of McKesson in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Needham & Company LLC initiated coverage on shares of McKesson in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. They set a hold rating on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of McKesson from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and lowered their target price for the stock from $171.00 to $169.00 in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $170.37. McKesson (NYSE:MCK) traded up 1.43% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $142.89. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 209,605 shares. The firm has a market cap of $30.30 billion, a PE ratio of 16.95 and a beta of 1.06. McKesson has a one year low of $114.53 and a one year high of $199.43. The company has a 50-day moving average of $143.16 and a 200 day moving average of $144.50. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/mckesson-co-mck-stock-rating-lowered-by-zacks-investment-research.html. In other news, Chairman John H. Hammergren sold 100,500 shares of McKesson stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $150.44, for a total transaction of $15,119,220.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now owns 22,390 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,368,351.60. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Insiders own 1.15% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in MCK. Parnassus Investments CA increased its position in McKesson by 310.0% in the first quarter. Parnassus Investments CA now owns 4,280,594 shares of the company’s stock valued at $620,727,000 after buying an additional 3,236,594 shares during the period. Capital Research Global Investors increased its position in McKesson by 27.3% in the third quarter. Capital Research Global Investors now owns 11,486,482 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,915,371,000 after buying an additional 2,465,070 shares during the period. Norges Bank purchased a new position in McKesson during the fourth quarter valued at about $268,672,000. Pzena Investment Management LLC increased its position in McKesson by 1,015.0% in the first quarter. Pzena Investment Management LLC now owns 2,077,104 shares of the company’s stock valued at $307,951,000 after buying an additional 1,890,815 shares during the period. Finally, Vulcan Value Partners LLC increased its position in McKesson by 105.3% in the fourth quarter. Vulcan Value Partners LLC now owns 3,461,194 shares of the company’s stock valued at $486,125,000 after buying an additional 1,775,467 shares during the period. 87.81% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About McKesson McKesson Corporation (McKesson) is engaged in delivering pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and healthcare information technology. The Company operates through two segments: McKesson Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions. The McKesson Distribution Solutions segment distributes drugs and equipment, and health and beauty care products across North America and internationally. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on McKesson (MCK) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for McKesson Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for McKesson Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Vermont news: Breaking, in-depth and investigative coverage of politics, business and public affairs Home Projects About Tipster Commentary Data   Categories  Business & Economy Courts & Corrections Education Energy Environment Health Care People & Places Politics Menu DONATE Home News by Subject Business & Economy Courts & Corrections Education Energy Environment Health Care People & Places Politics Commentary Special Projects About Share Secure Tips Events Calendar Donate SEARCH 2017 Legislature EB-5 Legislator Guide Burlington Campaign Finance Database Bernie Sanders   WhistlePig Secures $25 Million Credit Facility From JPMorgan Chase May. 9, 2017, 10:13 am by Press Release Leave a Comment News Release — WhistlePig May 9, 2017 Contact: Andrew Jarrell 212-784-5721 [email protected] SHOREHAM, Vt-WhistlePig LLC, the premier rye whiskey company, today announced that it received a $25 million asset-based line (ABL) of credit from JPMorgan Chase, replacing its current ABL and more than doubling its access to liquidity. The credit facility is a reflection of WhistlePig’s performance to date, expected growth, and strong existing inventory position. It will provide the company with incremental funding to accelerate the production and aging of premium rye whiskey. “We understand the business’ vision and growth opportunities and are able to provide the local and specialized financial resources that will help them achieve their goals.” “This is a terrific vote of confidence,” said Roland van Bommel, WhistlePig’s Executive Chairman. “We’re excited to apply these incremental funds, and the expertise of Chase’s talented local and beverage banking teams, to further build our business and produce more rye whiskey for the world to enjoy.” The credit facility will support all aspects of WhistlePig’s business, with a particular focus on further increasing the company’s whiskey reserves and building new infrastructure to support those reserves. In addition to laying down additional barrels of whiskey, the company is building new warehouse facilities, increasing its in-house storage capacity to 35,000 barrels of whiskey. “WhistlePig has created a unique brand and is enthusiastic about providing a farm-to-bottle premium rye whiskey,” said Vernon Studer, relationship executive at JPMorgan Chase. “We understand the business’ vision and growth opportunities and are able to provide the local and specialized financial resources that will help them achieve their goals.” This line of credit comes at an exciting time for WhistlePig, following the successful March launch of FarmStock, the company’s first estate release that includes whiskey produced from its distillery in Vermont. This financing solution will allow WhistlePig to continue to provide consumers with its signature releases, while also expanding its new estate line. Recent Stories Lawyer: Man’s family rallies behind wife charged… Agriculture Agency wants farm pollution documents to… Merger incentives survive negotiations over education bill Sanders seeks to block cuts in pension… Lawmakers look to aid rural industries and… Hinesburg school tries to help student over… Filed Under: Vermont Press Releases Tagged With: JPMorgan, WhistlePig VTDigger.org posts press releases as a way of providing readers with information directly from businesses, state agencies, political organizations and nonprofits. Read more Email: [email protected] Latest stories by Vermonter Receives Independent Press Award Vermonters Name Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Vermont Best-Performing Center of their Size Three Vermont Law School Students Earn Leadership Positions in National Black Law Students Association Report an Error Upload a DocumentTip Drop Comment Policy VTDigger.org requires that all commenters identify themselves by their authentic first and last names. Initials, pseudonyms or screen names are not permissible. No personal harrassment, abuse, or hate speech is permitted. Be succinct and to the point. If your comment is over 500 words, consider sending a commentary instead. We personally review and moderate every comment that is posted here. This takes a lot of time; please consider donating to keep the conversation productive and informative. The purpose of this policy is to encourage a civil discourse among readers who are willing to stand behind their identities and their comments. VTDigger has created a safe zone for readers who wish to engage in a thoughtful discussion on a range of subjects. We hope you join the conversation. If you have questions or concerns about our commenting platform, please review our Commenting FAQ. Privacy policy VTDigger.org does not share specific information about our readers with other entities. Email addresses we collect through our subscription list and comment submissions are kept private. We use Google analytics to generate aggregated data regarding the size and geographic distribution of our readership. This information helps us gauge how many readers come to the website and what towns they live in. It does not include addresses or other identifying characteristics about our readers. Why I Support VTDigger No print medium can afford VTDigger's professional, in-depth reporting on statewide issues -- and it partners with newspapers to make that reporting available to their readers. A win-win for Vermonters and anyone interested in our state. – Maggie Cassidy, Putney DONATE NOW LIKE US:     FOLLOW: Get the Daily Digger top stories, no fees, no paywalls Daily Digger & Weekly Wrap Up Weekly Wrap Up Only Learn more about Underwriting Why I Support VTDigger Over the years I've watched VTDigger become the best, most accurate, unbiased source of Vermont news. If I only have time to read one, this is the one I use. – Michel Consejo, Saint Albans DONATE NOW Upcoming Events Thu 11 Green Mountain Care Board Meeting May 11 @ 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm Thu 11 Book Launch for Collateral Trout by Peter Shea May 11 @ 7:00 pm - 8:00 pm Fri 12 Free Hepatitis-C Screening for Veterans May 12 @ 12:00 pm - 4:30 pm Fri 12 The Roaring Twenties Party May 12 @ 6:00 pm - 8:00 pm Sat 13 Free Hepatitis-C Screening for Veterans May 13 @ 9:00 am - 4:30 pm View More… Donate Today We're an independent nonprofit organization, your donation helps fund the digging, and, it's tax deductible. Thanks for reporting an error with the story, "WhistlePig Secures $25 Million Credit Facility From JPMorgan Chase" Name* First Last Email* Error* CAPTCHA VTDigger A publication of Vermont Journalism Trust 26 State Street, Suite 8 Montpelier, VT 05602 [email protected] (802) 225-6224 www.vtdigger.org About Our Story Contact Us Underwriting Site Policies Share Secure Tips Social Media Facebook Twitter Youtube RSS Writing Staff Cate Chant Jasper Craven Mike Faher Anne Galloway Ruth Hare Elizabeth Hewitt Mark Johnson Alan J. Keays Erin Mansfield Jon Margolis Kevin O'Connor Tiffany Danitz Pache Mike Polhamus Jim Therrien Morgan True Publishing Staff Phayvanh Luekhamhan Theresa Murray-Clasen VTDigger: Led by journalists, powered by the public. The go-to source for Vermont news. Copyright © 2017 VT Digger All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mercadolibre Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercadolibre Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News IFP Advisors Inc Sells 67 Shares of AutoZone, Inc. (AZO) First Data Corp (FDC) Receives “Buy” Rating from Citigroup Inc Rand Wealth LLC Maintains Stake in Monsanto Company (MON) Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Alliant Energy Co. (LNT) Position Raised by Russell Investments Group Ltd. SYSCO Co. (SYY) Position Increased by IFP Advisors Inc Citigroup Inc Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Agrium Inc. (AGU) Four Corners Property Trust Inc (FCPT) Stake Held by State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Russell Investments Group Ltd. Reduces Stake in Aecom (ACM) SYSCO Co. (SYY) Shares Sold by Rand Wealth LLC Brookfield Property Partners LP (BPY) Shares Bought by State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Braun Stacey Associates Inc. Boosts Stake in Allergan plc (AGN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC) Stake Maintained by Concannon Wealth Management LLC CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (CNP) Position Lowered by State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Marc Benioff Sells 10,000 Shares of salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Stock Analysts Expect Acorda Therapeutics Inc (ACOR) to Post $0.12 Earnings Per Share Kirsten E. Richesson Sells 21,779 Shares of Blackhawk Network Holdings Inc (HAWK) Stock ANI Pharmaceuticals (ANIP) Given Daily News Impact Score of 0.14 Amarin Co. plc (AMRN) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.02 DTE Energy Co (DTE) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.83 Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Mercadolibre Inc (NASDAQ:MELI)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reiterated by equities researchers at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. They currently have a $275.00 target price on the stock, up from their prior target price of $213.00. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc’s price objective suggests a potential downside of 0.02% from the stock’s previous close. Several other research firms also recently weighed in on MELI. Barclays PLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $275.00 price target on shares of Mercadolibre in a research note on Sunday. Credit Suisse Group AG boosted their price target on Mercadolibre from $260.00 to $290.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $250.00 price target on Mercadolibre and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Stifel Nicolaus boosted their price target on Mercadolibre from $185.00 to $220.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Cowen and Company boosted their price objective on Mercadolibre from $192.00 to $211.00 and gave the company a “market perform” rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $224.58. Mercadolibre (NASDAQ:MELI) opened at 274.51 on Tuesday. The company has a market capitalization of $12.12 billion, a P/E ratio of 78.39 and a beta of 2.17. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $221.39 and its 200-day moving average price is $188.24. Mercadolibre has a one year low of $123.42 and a one year high of $275.55. Mercadolibre (NASDAQ:MELI) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $1.10 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.78 by $0.32. The business had revenue of $273.90 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $247.85 million. Mercadolibre had a return on equity of 38.86% and a net margin of 16.13%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 73.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.68 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Mercadolibre will post $4.53 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 17th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st were issued a $0.15 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $0.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.22%. Mercadolibre’s payout ratio is 21.43%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/mercadolibre-inc-meli-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-susquehanna-bancshares-inc.html. In related news, VP Stelleo Tolda sold 2,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $211.00, for a total value of $422,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 0.36% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp boosted its position in Mercadolibre by 7.2% in the first quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp now owns 85,136 shares of the company’s stock worth $18,004,000 after buying an additional 5,691 shares during the last quarter. Quantitative Investment Management LLC boosted its position in Mercadolibre by 2.3% in the first quarter. Quantitative Investment Management LLC now owns 48,900 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,340,000 after buying an additional 1,100 shares during the last quarter. State of Wisconsin Investment Board acquired a new position in Mercadolibre during the first quarter worth $16,302,000. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC boosted its position in Mercadolibre by 21.8% in the first quarter. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC now owns 194,981 shares of the company’s stock worth $41,233,000 after buying an additional 34,848 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL boosted its position in shares of Mercadolibre by 19.4% in the first quarter. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL now owns 15,400 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,257,000 after buying an additional 2,500 shares during the last quarter. 76.61% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Mercadolibre MercadoLibre, Inc is an e-commerce company. The Company enables commerce through its marketplace platform in Latin America, which is designed to provide users with a portfolio of services to facilitate commercial transactions. Its geographic segments are Brazil, Argentina, Mexico Venezuela and Other Countries (which includes Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Panama, Peru, Portugal, Guatemala, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay and the United States of America). Receive News & Ratings for Mercadolibre Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercadolibre Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sumedh S. Thakar Sells 16,585 Shares of Qualys Inc (QLYS) Stock Zacks: Analysts Expect American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) to Post $0.17 Earnings Per Share Robert W. Baird Reiterates Outperform Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) Sanford C. Bernstein Reaffirms Underperform Rating for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LYG) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Receives Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by BTIG Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Mizuho Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Shares Bought by Wesbanco Bank Inc. Exar (EXAR) Getting Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Report Shows BP plc (BP) Position Reduced by Wesbanco Bank Inc. Edgewater Technology (EDGW) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of -0.39 NMI Holdings (NMIH) Receives News Sentiment Score of -0.26 Gafisa SA (GFA) Receiving Negative News Coverage, Study Finds LiqTech International (LIQT) Receiving Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Whittier Trust Co. Sells 20 Shares of AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Whittier Trust Co. Boosts Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Hamlin Capital Management LLC Acquires 193,842 Shares of Weyerhaeuser Co (WY) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Position Cut by Moloney Securities Asset Management LLC General Dynamics Co. (GD) Shares Sold by KAMES CAPITAL plc Baxter International Inc (BAX) Stake Boosted by First Merchants Corp Apple Inc. (AAPL) Receives Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Morgan Stanley reaffirmed their overweight rating on shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) in a research note published on Wednesday morning. Morgan Stanley currently has a $161.00 target price on the iPhone maker’s stock. AAPL has been the subject of several other reports. Robert W. Baird reiterated an outperform rating and issued a $133.00 target price on shares of Apple in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. UBS Group AG increased their target price on Apple from $165.00 to $200.00 in a research report on Sunday, April 2nd. Vetr upgraded Apple from a buy rating to a strong-buy rating and set a $133.51 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating on shares of Apple in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus reiterated a reduce rating and issued a $115.00 target price on shares of Apple in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating, forty have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $152.77. Shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) traded up 0.67% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $154.03. The company had a trading volume of 1,730,636 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $143.13 and its 200 day moving average price is $126.70. Apple has a 52-week low of $89.47 and a 52-week high of $154.68. The company has a market cap of $803.09 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.07 and a beta of 1.26. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. The firm had revenue of $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $52.61 billion. Apple had a return on equity of 34.94% and a net margin of 20.73%. Equities analysts expect that Apple will post $8.94 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Apple Inc. (AAPL) Receives Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/apple-inc-aapl-receives-overweight-rating-from-morgan-stanley.html. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 18th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 15th will be paid a $0.63 dividend. This represents a $2.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.65%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. This is a positive change from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. Apple’s dividend payout ratio is presently 27.31%. In other Apple news, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 75,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, May 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $147.98, for a total value of $11,098,500.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 154,116 shares in the company, valued at approximately $22,806,085.68. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, SVP D Bruce Sewell sold 67,500 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $148.76, for a total value of $10,041,300.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now owns 141,325 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $21,023,507. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 312,694 shares of company stock valued at $44,907,405 in the last quarter. 0.08% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Northwest Investment Counselors LLC raised its position in shares of Apple by 0.8% in the third quarter. Northwest Investment Counselors LLC now owns 22,860 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $2,584,000 after buying an additional 187 shares during the last quarter. Ronald Blue & Co. LLC raised its position in shares of Apple by 1.2% in the third quarter. Ronald Blue & Co. LLC now owns 23,985 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $2,711,000 after buying an additional 279 shares during the last quarter. American National Bank raised its position in shares of Apple by 9.0% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 51,678 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $5,842,000 after buying an additional 4,247 shares during the last quarter. Bennicas & Associates Inc. raised its position in shares of Apple by 11.1% in the third quarter. Bennicas & Associates Inc. now owns 4,985 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $564,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Cim LLC raised its position in shares of Apple by 4.9% in the third quarter. Cim LLC now owns 83,410 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $9,430,000 after buying an additional 3,868 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 58.76% of the company’s stock. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/moodys-all-is-well-at-alliancebernstein-1494336150 Focus on Funds Moody’s: All is Well at AllianceBernstein AllianceBernstein's stock has fallen more than 5% since the management shake-up. Analysts have gotten more cautious, but Moody's has a different take. By Crystal Kim May 9, 2017 9:22 a.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Following AllianceBernstein's (AB) abrupt removal of its chairman and CEO Peter Kraus as well as eight directors, its stock has fallen more than 5% to a recent $20.85. Meanwhile its French parent AXA (AXAHY), which installed former JPMorgan Chase executive Seth Bernstein in Kraus's place, is up by about that much at a recent $28.14. Illustration: Pixabay Clearly, AllianceBernstein investors and analysts alike were alarmed and confused about the leadership change. Jefferies analyst Surinder Thind published a note following the announcement, saying that the firm could be changing its long-term strategy and that the change "[did] not appear to be justified." Earlier this month CFRA analyst Jim Corridore trimmed his 12-month target price to $24 from $29 due to "uncertainty around management." Hold ratings on the stock jumped about 10%, according to FactSet. Moody's Dean Ungar, however, has a different view. "A significant number of changes at one time creates uncertainty and uncertainty is negative for creditors. In this case, however, we do not believe the significant personnel changes signal negative developments ahead." Ungar explains why: We believe that these personnel changes were the result of several factors, some at least which are interrelated. First, there appears to have been increasing tension between Mr. Kraus and the AXA leadership on a personal level, not related to the AB’s strategy or performance. Second, Mr. Kraus wasChairman and CEO and AXA wanted to split those roles, which it has done by appointing Bob Zoellick as Chairman. Third, it seems that AXA might want to exert more influence over AB as evidenced by the new board composition. Ungar also reminds investors that the firm's latest innovation could mark a turnaround in the "active-passive battle." AllianceBernstein is expected to launch a new line of products that will charge index-like management fees if it meets or trails its bogey and higher active-management fees when it outperforms. Text Size Regular Medium Large ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN AXA CFRA MOODY'S PREVIOUS ETF Flopper: Biotechnology and Pharmaceuticals Feel the Pain NEXT Goldman Sachs: Overweight Commodities Most Popular What a Superstar Fund Is Buying Right Now Will End of Subsidies ‘Kill’ Electric Vehicle Market? 5 MLPs Likely to do Best When Crude Rebounds Kohl’s: Can Under Armour Save the Day? Tesla: What, Me Worry? Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Finance Search Search WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: May 10 MusicThe Grammy Awards Will Move to New York After a Decade in Los Angeles PoliticsTrump Will Meet Russia’s Foreign Minister at the White House ChinaChinese Premier Sends Foxconn a Reminder After Its CEO Visits the White House Term Sheet Term Sheet — Tuesday, May 9 Erin Griffith May 09, 2017 PROFITABILITY OVER PASSION Land of Opportunity: Yesterday’s Term Sheet included a link to this story about SoftBank’s ambitions in India that deserves a little more attention. Like so many articles about tech in India, this one draws comparisons between India’s current surge in entrepreneurship and the very recent one in China, which minted massive returns for SoftBank via Alibaba. Investors in India really want it to be “the new China,” even though they know Chinese companies had huge regulatory advantages over Western competition that Indian companies do not have. (Alibaba never had to compete with Amazon, WeChat never had to compete with Facebook, Didi beat Uber. Yesterday Warren Buffett bemoaned India’s regulatory hurdles as a hindrance for Western company growth there.) From Reuters: "[SoftBank founder Masayoshi] Son is thinking India is the place where he will create one or two Alibabas," said one of the sources familiar with SoftBank ambitions, adding Son sees the country right now as the "land of golden opportunity." Ironic, considering that Son’s Indian successor-to-be, Nikesh Arora, caught some criticism from investors for spending too much time and money on “imprudent” Indian deals and was eventually pushed out of the company. (Also worth noting: SoftBank deals are usually outlandish by design.) To win in India, Son appears to be playing the role of matchmaker, striking deals and mashing portfolio companies together to create scale. As previously reported, SoftBank is attempting to merge portfolio company Snapdeal with competitor Flipkart. The company is also investing $1 billion into Paytm, which could eventually merge into Flipkart, according to yesterday’s report. Meanwhile, SoftBank wants to merge on-demand grocery startup portfolio company Grofers and its competitor, BigBasket. Between India, Sprint rumors, surprise buyouts like ARM Holdings, the $100 billion Vision Fund, and Pepper the robot (plus, the Softbank Hawks!), SoftBank continues to be as restless and unpredictable as its 59-year-old founder. Read more here. M&A: It used to be a given that any company announcing an acquisition would see its stock price drop as a result. But data from JPMorgan (and shared by CNBC’s Michael Santoli) shows that is changing:  In 2015, the average stock prices of acquiring companies rose on both the first day and after five days. Last year, the stock fell an average of 0.2% on the first day but rose an average of 0.1% after five days. View the chart here. New money: Podium, a Utah-based business software startup, raised a $32 million Series A investment led by Accel with participation from GV, Summit Partners and Y Combinator. If the deal sounds familiar to Term Sheet readers, it’s because we wrote about Podium’s fundraise in February. At the time, Podium was raising between $20 million and $25 million at a valuation of around $100 million. The deal is notable because the company took an “unconventional” and formal approach to fundraising that venture investors said was more akin to a private equity deal than a venture capital deal. For example, Podium had hired the investment bank Houlihan Lokey to shop it to potential investors. Second, the company asked firms to submit a formal “indication of interest” (IOI) before beginning due diligence. Third, it used an online data room. Another unconventional move: Raising $32 million and calling it a Series A. Before this capital, Podium had raised $4 million across two seed rounds. The company is using the new money to launch a messenger product, and, according to its press release, “evolve from a review tool into a Customer Interaction Platform.” The release also uses one of my favorite business phrases to use obnoxiously in normal conversation: “customer journey.” Hustle Harder: At the Collision conference last week, WeWork co-founder Miguel McKelvey touted the company’s dedication to making WeWork a great place to work, particularly his personal focus on WeWork’s internal culture. It may have been advance counter-programming for a Bloomberg investigation into the company’s culture, which published yesterday. In it, the company is accused of mistreating employees with long hours, low pay, and mandatory arbitration (at least one former employee is suing). The work environment described does not sound pleasant for WeWork’s community managers: “Sometimes the job involved catching mice and dealing with office party detritus, including used condoms in the meditation room and vomit in the phone booths.” Yes, this is the second billion-dollar-plus startup to have a used condom problem. WeWork says the company’s issues are behind it, noting it has spent the last year “trying to make workers happier” with higher pay, more specific job roles, and rewards for good work. Read the article here. Quote of the day: Fortune’s Barb Darrow reports from the Dell EMC World Congress where Michael Dell made the case for his company’s ambitions (emphasis mine): Ray Wang, founder and principal analyst of Constellation Research, who did not attend the conference, said he is not sure that Dell is even a tech company anymore. Instead, he views it as a company owned by a private equity investors that will act in the best interests of that private equity firm. "As with most PE firms, innovation is put aside for profitability over passion," he said. Read more. Making It About Us: It takes a small village to put out a newsletter, readers. Polina Marinova will now be handling the deals roundup you see below, taking over for Laura Entis, who deserves a huge thanks for all her help. Polina writes about venture and entrepreneurship for Fortune. (Check out her Founder Friday video series.) Follow her on Twitter here and submit deal items here. She’s getting an assist on IPOs from Lucinda Shen, who covers finance and the public markets for Fortune. Find Lucinda on Twitter here and send any IPO news here. And as always, submit anonymous tips here, or hit “reply” to this email – it goes straight to my inbox. THE LATEST FROM FORTUNE... • Why Comcast’s deal with Charter makes a Sprint buyout less likely. • Best hedge fund stock picks from the Sohn conference. • Warren Buffett, 3G and the battle for capitalism’s soul. • The activist investor battle over Akzo roils on… • A $2.5 million Kickstarter blanket. • Trump’s review of Dodd-Frank is expected to be slower than planned. • Wall Street fear index hits a two-year low. …AND ELSEWHERE The “horror” of Ebitda. Snapchat Discover, the company’s line of defense against Facebook. Keith Olbermann is missing liberal media’s boom times. The everyday bowtie. Dating your digital assistant. BuzzFeed’s growth driver: Tasty. Is the gig economy working? Silicon Valley: A retirement home for political operatives. Chamath Palihapitiya: IBM’s Watson is “a joke.” The new hotel trend: multiple brands under one roof. Shake-up at Goldman Sachs’ investment banking division. Has Uber killed off self-driving trucks? With KKR deal for Pandora, time to revisit this article on why that’s a bad idea. VENTURE DEALS • Grammarly, a San Francisco-based AI-powered writing assistant, raised  $110 million in venture funding. General Catalyst led the round, and was joined by Breyer Capital, IVP, SignalFire, and Spark Capital. • Cabify, the Madrid-based ride-hailing platform, raised $100 million in funding, according to Tech.eu. Investors include Rakuten, Seaya Ventures, and AngelList. Read more. • Microf, an Albany, Ga.-based provider of residential lease-to-own products, raised $96.7 million in growth funding from Atalaya Capital Management and BrandBank. • StarLeaf, a cloud-based video conferencing platform with locations in Europe and the United States, raised $40 million in funding, according to Tech.eu. Investors include Highland Europe and Grafton Capital. Read more. • Tubi TV, a San Francisco-based Internet TV network company, raised $20 million in Series C funding, according to the Wall Street Journal. Jump Capital led the round, and was joined by Danhua Capital, Cota Capital, and Foundation Capital. Read more. (This item has been updated to include the correct round.) • Vera, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based data-centric security platform, raised $15 million in funding. Hasso Plattner Ventures (HP-Ventures) led the round, and was joined by Battery Ventures, Sutter Hill Ventures, Clear Venture Partners, Amplify Partners and Leslie Ventures. • Signal Sciences, a Los Angeles-based security startup, raised $15 million in Series B funding. CRV led the round. • RedLock, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based internet security software developer, raised $12 million in Series A funding. Investors include Sierra Ventures and Storm Ventures. • Finxact, a Jacksonville, Fla.-based core-as-a-service banking technology platform, raised $12 million in seed funding. Investors include Live Oak Ventures. • SimpleReach, a New York-based content data platform, raised $9 million in funding. Spring Mountain Capital led the round. • Territory, an Alexandria, Va.-based prepared meal service company, raised $6.7 million in Series A funding. NRV led the round, and was joined by investors including Lewis & Clark Ventures, Upfront Ventures, and The Motley Fool Holdings. • eRelevance Corporation, a Austin, Texas-based customer marketing automation service provider, raised $5.1 million in funding. Rally Ventures led the round, and was joined by Chicago Ventures, Miramar Venture Partners, Martin Investment Holdings, and Capital Factory. • Revolution Prep, a Santa Monica, Calif.-based education and tutoring platform, raised $4 million in growth funding. Kennet Partners led the round. • Hadean, a London-based Big Data operating system provider, raised $2.6 million in seed funding, according to TechCrunch. White Cloud Capital led the round, and was joined by Entrepreneur First. Read more. • Member365, an Ottawa, Canada-based membership management startup, raised $1.3 million in funding. Investors include the Georgian Angel Network, Angel One and Capital Angel. • Plume, a Palo Alto Calif.-based Wifi device startup, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Comcast. Read more. • Nutrafol, a New York-based nutraceutical hair health solutions provider, raised an undisclosed amount in Series A funding. Unilever Ventures led the round. • PubGuard, a London-based digital ad technology startup, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Mercia Fund Management, according to Tech.eu. Read more. HEALTH AND LIFE SCIENCES DEALS • Artemis Health, a Salt Lake City, Utah-based health data analytics company, raised $8.3 million in Series A funding. Maverick Ventures led the round. • DBS System, a Switzerland-based micro-blood collection device manufacturer, raised €2.3 million ($2.5 million) in Series A funding. Investiere.ch led the round. PRIVATE EQUITY DEALS • KKR will invest $150 million in Pandora (NYSE:P), an Oakland, Calif.-based music platform. Under the terms of the deal, KKR will purchase an aggregate of $150 million in a new designated Series A convertible preferred stock. The Series A preferred stock is convertible into common stock, cash or a combination thereof at a conversion price of $13.50 per share. The offering may be upsized to a total of $250 million. Read more at Fortune. • TPG Capital made an investment of an undisclosed amount in LLamasoft, an Ann Arbor, Mich.-based supply chain modeling and design software provider. • L2 Capital acquired Associates in Medical Physics and Radiation Management Associates, Lanham, Md.-based medical physics staffing companies. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. • ICV Partners acquired LeadingResponse, a Tampa, Fla.-based marketing services company. Financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed. [This entry was updated to reflect the correct headquarters city.] OTHER DEALS • Media Prima (KLSE:MEDIA) has agreed acquire Rev Asia (KLSE:REV), a Malaysia-based digital media startup, for approximately $24.2 million. • Parexel International (Nasdaq:PRXL), a Waltham, Mass.-based biopharmaceutical services company, is exploring a sale, according to Reuters. Read more. • J.S. Held acquired a majority stake in Spex, a Denver, Colo.-based digital property inspection and reporting platform. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. • Possible, a New York-based digital advertising company owned by WPP, acquired Marketplace Ignition, a consulting firm that helps brands develop their Amazon marketing strategies, according to the Wall Street Journal. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. Read more. • Bayer (DB:BAYN) has agreed to sell its Liberty herbicide and LibertyLink-branded seeds businesses to win antitrust approval for its acquisition of Monsanto (NSEI:MONSANTO), according to Reuters. Read more. IPOS G1 Therapeutics, a cancer treatment biotech company based out of the Research Triangle Park area in N.C., said it plans to raise about $100 million in an offering in 6.3 million shares between $15 to $17 a piece. The company plans to list on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol “GTHX.” The company is backed by Hatteras Venture Partners, MedImmune Ventures, and Eshelman Ventures. J.P. Morgan and Cowen and Company are the lead underwriters. Contura Energy, a Bristol, Tenn.-based coal company which came out of Alpha Natural’s restructuring, filed for an IPO Monday. For now, Contura says it plans to raise $100 million, and list on the NYSE under symbol “CTRA.” Contura is currently trading on the OTC markets at $70.50 a share. Citi is acting as sole bookrunner in the deal. argenx, a Netherlands-based biotech developing treatments for autoimmune diseases, announced the terms of its IPO Monday. The company plans to offer some 3.6 million ADSs at  about $17.97—the price at which the company was most recently traded on the Euronext Brussels—and raising about $65 million. argenx will list on the Nasdaq as “ARGX.” Cowen and Piper Jaffray are lead underwriters in the deal. Guaranty Bancshares, a Mount Pleasant, Texas-based bank raised $54 million in an offering of 2 million shares for $27 a piece—within its previously quoted range of $26 to $28 per share.  The bank plans to list on the Nasdaq under “GNTY” Tuesday. Sandler O’Neill is lead underwriter. EXITS • Ares Management is in talks to acquire Chuck E. Cheese, an Irving, Texas-based family dining and entertainment center chain, for approximately $2 billion from Apollo Global Management, according to Bloomberg. Read more. • HGGC acquired eTouches, a Norwalk, Conn.-based cloud event management software provider. eTouches raised more than $50 million in venture funding from investors including Cava Capital, Greycroft Partners, and Level Equity. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. • H.I.G. Capital sold Brand Addition, a U.K.-based branded merchandise company, to Elysian Capital. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. • Maple, a New York-based prepared food delivery startup, is shutting down its operations. The company will join Deliveroo, a U.K.-based food delivery platform. Deliveroo will integrate Maple’s technology into its platform, according to TechCrunch. Maple raised approximately $29 million in venture funding from investors including Thrive Capital, Primary Ventures, Greenoaks Capital, and David Chang. Read more. • The U.S. subsidiary of Searchmetrics, a Berlin-based search analytics software company, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in Delaware, according to TechCrunch. Searchmetrics raised more than $30 million in venture funding from investors including Iris Capital, Holtzbrinck Digital, Kreos Capital, and Neuhaus Partners. Read more. FIRMS + FUNDS • Vista Equity Partners Management, a San Francisco-based software-focused private equity firm, raised $11 billion for its new buyout fund, according to the Wall Street Journal. Read more. • 17Capital, a U.K.-based private equity firm, raised €1.2 billion ($1.3 billion) for its fourth fund. • OMERS Ventures, a Toronto, Ontario-based private equity and venture capital firm, raised $300 million for its third fund. • BlueRun Ventures, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based venture capital firm, filed to raise $200 million for its sixth fund. • Dell Technologies, a Round Rock, Texas-based technology company, announced its new venture arm, Dell Technologies Capital. It has an annual investment budget of approximately $100 million. • North Sky Capital, a Minneapolis, Minn.-based private equity and venture capital firm, raised $63 million for its fourth fund, Clean Growth Fund IV. • MedMen, a Culver City, Calif.-based management company for the legal cannabis industry, raised $60 million for its first private equity fund, MedMen Opportunity Fund. • Peak Ventures, a Provo, Utah-based venture capital firm specializing in early stage investments, raised $50 million for its second fund. PEOPLE • Bowery Capital promoted Nic Poulos from a principal to a general partner. • James Savage joined YFM Equity Partners as a portfolio director. Previously, Savage was a vice president at Barclay’s principal investments team. • David Adams joined Grand Coast Capital Group as a managing director. Previously, Adams was the chief operating officer of Fullerton Investors. • Ric Velez joined Scenic Advisement as a managing director. • Arsenal Capital Partners promoted Joe Rooney to principal, and Robbie Cahill and Andrew Hudelson to senior associates. • Chris Gaertner joined Rothschild & Co. as the global head of technology. SHARE TODAY'S TERM SHEET View this email in your browser. Polina Marinova produces Term Sheet, and Lucinda Shen compiles the IPO news. Send deal announcements to Polina here and IPO news to Lucinda here. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Banco Macro SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco Macro SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ciner Resources (CINR) Getting Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Capricor Therapeutics (CAPR) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.30 Hongli Clean Energy Technologies Corp (CETC) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds CSI Compressco (CCLP) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.01 Bear State Financial (BSF) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Banco Macro SA (BMA) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Compass EMP Funds Trust (CFA) Getting Critical News Coverage, Analysis Finds Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Has $220,000 Position in Opus Bank (OPB) Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (hlt) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 10th Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co Horizon Pharma PLC’s (HZNP) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus New Senior Investment Group Inc (SNR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Ocular Therapeutix Inc (OCUL) Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Given a €7.30 Price Target by Independent Research GmbH Analysts Midland States Bancorp Inc (MSBI) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.20 on May 19th Grupo Financiero Galicia S.A. (ggal) to Issue Dividend of $0.12 on May 12th Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Lowers Stake in Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Shell Asset Management Co. Invests $1.125 Million in Harsco Co. (HSC) Shell Asset Management Co. Sells 26,869 Shares of The GEO Group Inc (GEO) Shell Asset Management Co. Acquires New Stake in Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Banco Macro SA (BMA) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media coverage about Banco Macro SA (NYSE:BMA) has trended positive recently, according to AlphaOne Sentiment. AlphaOne, a division of Accern, identifies negative and positive news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million news and blog sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Banco Macro SA earned a news impact score of 0.43 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave media headlines about the bank an impact score of 0 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is extremely unlikely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the next few days. Shares of Banco Macro SA (NYSE:BMA) opened at 88.64 on Tuesday. The company has a market cap of $5.18 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.26 and a beta of 1.45. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $85.80 and a 200-day moving average of $77.33. Banco Macro SA has a one year low of $58.72 and a one year high of $90.40. Several equities analysts recently commented on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Banco Macro SA from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Banco Macro SA from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/banco-macro-sa-bma-earning-favorable-press-coverage-study-finds.html. About Banco Macro SA Banco Macro SA is an Argnetina-based financial institution (the Bank) that offers traditional bank products and services to companies, including those operating in regional economies, as well as to individuals. In addition, the Bank performs certain transactions through its subsidiaries, including mainly Banco del Tucuman, Macro Bank Ltd, Macro Securities SA, Macro Fiducia SA and Macro Fondos SGFCI SA. Receive News & Ratings for Banco Macro SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco Macro SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content area Toggle menus Toggle search Subscribe Give us 30 seconds and we'll give you 6 issues free Search Search Main menu News Business Technology Cars Money Portfolio People Sport Subscriptions Offers Sections Secondary menu General Election 2017 Article 50 Brexit Islamic State Jeremy Corbyn Theresa May Oil price Brexit Jobs shortage hits even before Brexit bites May 9, 2017 Head of Open Britain claims fears over UK's future is stopping workers applying for new roles whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin email Niklas Halle'n/AFP/Getty Images Page 1 of 8Jobs shortage hits even before Brexit bites 1Jobs shortage hits even before Brexit bites 2City still 'jobs magnet' despite Brexit 3Banks given three months to prepare for 'extreme' Brexit 4 Pound down but not out as May triggers Article 50 5Brexit: Airlines could be forced to move to mainline Europe 6Brexit: IoD chief warns against 'picking winners' 7Retail sales show 'first sign of underlying decline' 8 Brexit just a bump in the road for UK economy, says PwC Fear over the consequences of a "job-destroying, chaotic Brexit" is already causing staff shortages across the economy, according to campaigners fighting for a soft Brexit. See related  Deutsche Bank fined £500m over Russian money transfers James McGrory, co-executive director of Open Britain, made the claim to The Times, after a report showed the number of candidates available for hire in the UK had hit a 16-month low. He said: "Workers are unwilling to move to new jobs because they fear the damage a job-destroying, chaotic Brexit would have. "Companies worry that draconian new immigration rules will make it harder for them to get the skilled labour they need, damaging both our economy and public services." The report from the Recruitment and Employment Confederation said April's fall in availability for permanent and temporary roles was the steepest since December 2015, with the imbalance of supply versus demand creating shortages for more than 60 roles across the likes of IT, engineering and nursing sectors. Kevin Green, chief executive of the confederation, "said that the weakness in the pound after last year’s referendum and concern over future immigration arrangements were making people reluctant to move jobs", added the Times. Green told The Guardian: "Demand for staff is growing within all sectors and all regions of the UK, but there are fewer and fewer people available to fill the vacancies." In contrast, the number of roles emerging from the banking industry is dropping as fears over the UK's exit from the single market has prompted several big global firms to consider moving their operations to the continent. The Guardian cites figures showing that London-based institutions, including Deutsche Bank, JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley, could more around 9,000 jobs out of the capital. However, this is still a small figure compared to the 70,000 employed by global banks alone in London, according to figures compiled by the Financial Times. The wider financial services sector employs around 650,000 people. Britain's billionaires enjoy 'Brexit boom' 08 May  Brexit has fuelled an "explosion of wealth" among the UK's richest people, says the Sunday Times's Rich List. According to this year's guide to UK wealth, the combined fortunes of the country's 1,000 richest individuals and families rose 14 per cent, or £83bn, to £658bn over the past year. The "astonishing strength" of 2017's Rich List "defies expectations that wealth creation would stall in the lead-up to last summer's European referendum and then crash after the vote to leave the EU", the paper claims. Many business leaders saw their fortunes boosted by a rising stock market since Britain voted for Brexit, while others benefited from the weaker pound. Most of the companies on the FTSE 100 earn the majority of their revenues overseas, so the drop in the pound has increased the sterling value of their overseas investments. The FTSE 100 itself has hit a number of record highs in recent months. The Rich List, which is topped by Indian-born businessmen Sri and Gopi Hinduja, of the Hinduja Group, also includes a record 134 UK-based billionaires, up from 120 in 2016. Eighty-six live in London – more than any other city in the world. A poll conducted by the paper also revealed varying public attitudes to wealth, with 74 per cent of the public admiring self-made entrepreneurs but more than half concerned that the wealth of the richest is growing more quickly than that of the poorest. Seventy-eight per cent supported higher taxes on the richest. London could 'stall' after Brexit, warns Goldman Sachs boss 05 May  Brexit could cause London's three-decade growth as a world financial centre to "stall" and "backtrack", warned the boss of the world's second-biggest investment bank. Lloyd Blankfein, chief executive of Goldman Sachs, also told the BBC the UK should be a two-year implementation period for whatever deal it strikes with the EU in order to prevent financial institutions having to act "prematurely" to avoid uncertainty. "I don't think [London's expansion] will totally reverse," he said. "It will stall. It might backtrack a bit. It just depends on a lot of things about which we are uncertain and I know there isn't certainty at the moment." Blankfein added that Goldman Sachs has prepared "contingency plans" to move some of its 6,500 UK staff elsewhere after Brexit and shift its European base out of London if necessary. But he said the bank would like to be able to "conduct our business as close as we can to the way we conduct it today", with staff from across Europe based in London. He said: "Obviously, a lot of people elect to have their European business concentrated in a single place and the easiest place, certainly, for the biggest economy in the world [the US] to concentrate would be the UK – the culture, the language, the special relationship - and we are an example of that. "If you cannot benefit from access to the EU from the UK – and nobody knows what those rules and determinations will be – then the risk is there will be some adjustment that will cause some people to have a smaller footprint in the UK." One of the world's most successful international banks, Goldman Sachs is "second only to JP Morgan… in the league table of investment banks", says the BBC. "If it were to decide to relocate significant parts of its business to the continent," says the broadcaster, "it would be taken as a signal about the attractiveness of London as a place to do business." Earlier this year, Blankfein warned that a hard Brexit would increase the chances of a city such as Paris or Frankfurt taking over London's mantle as the place to do business in Europe for US-based financial institutions. Brexit 'divorce bill' could be as high as €113bn 03 May Brexit talks could get bogged down in wrangling over the UK's "divorce bill" before discussions over trade can begin. According to the Financial Times, Brussels has demanded an upfront "gross" payment of as much as €113bn (£95bn). However, the government has previously balked at paying even half that amount and this morning, Brexit Secretary David Davis said the UK "will not be paying €100bn", reports the BBC. "We want a deal. We think we can get a deal," he added. "We have said very, very plainly we will respect our international obligations, our legal obligations, but they are not going to be determined for us." Prime Minister Theresa May was said to have "bluntly rejected the notion of an exit bill" during a reportedly acrimonious dinner with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker at the weekend, says the FT. She may be right under treaty law, but without an agreement there will almost certainly be no trade deal with the EU. So what will the UK have to pay? After analysing the "stricter demands driven by France and Germany", in response to the tougher tone from London, the FT says that with farming subsidies and administration fees to 2020  added in - and a share of assets such as buildings removed - the upfront bill will amount to between €91bn and €113bn (£77bn and £95bn). Once the UK's share of EU spending and loan repayments from the likes of Portugal and Ukraine are received over a decade, the net bill would fall between €82bn and €109bn (£46bn and £63bn). Brussels think-tank Bruegel, using a different calculation methodology, says the gross figure will be between €82bn and €109bn (£69bn and £92bn), with a net figure of between €42bn and €65bn (£35bn and £65bn). "Michel Barnier, the EU's chief negotiator, has said no figure will be set until the end of the Brexit process and payments could be staggered," adds the FT. However, Davis said this morning: "We are not supplicants. This is a negotiation. They lay down what they want and we lay down what we want." Brexit: Deutsche Bank warns 4,000 UK jobs are at risk 27 April Deutsche Bank's regulatory chief has suggested the bank might need to move 4,000 jobs to the continent from London and the UK. Speaking at a conference hosted by Frankfurt Main Finance, Sylvie Matherat said: "For front office people, if you want to deal with EU clients you need to be based in the EU, in continental Europe. Does that mean that I have to move all the front office people to Germany or not? "And we are speaking of 2,000 people – that's not a small number." Matherat also said that some regulators were asking for risk management to be done locally, "a demand that would require more jobs to be moved", says Reuters. She said: "It means another 2,000 people. Everybody needs clarity and the sooner the better." Deutsche Bank, which has its global headquarters in Frankfurt, currently employs 9,000 in the UK, including 7,000 in London. Matherat was referring in general terms to the numbers that might need to be moved if regulators enforce a strict interpretation on "passporting" if the UK leaves the single market. As such, the job losses were not a prediction of the likely move the bank might make or even of the number under formal consideration. If the UK finds a way to maintain passporting, by either staying in the single market or securing regulatory "equivalence" with the EU, the scale of job losses would be reduced. Most banks appear to be of the view that any shift away from London will be limited and some are reportedly examining options to use customer service "pop-up branches" on the continent to reduce upheaval. In what was taken as a signal of its commitment to the UK capital, Deutsche itself recently entered negotiations to lease a new headquarters in London. Pensioners worried over Brexit hit to finances 26 April  A large number of retirees are worried over the impact Brexit will have on their long-term finances, a study by Prudential has revealed. More than a quarter (27 per cent) of those planning to retire this year "were worried about damage to their pension values and other income as a consequence of the country's decision to leave the EU", says Sky News.  In contrast, only 12 per cent "thought Brexit would have a positive effect on their finances". A majority of 67 per cent did not think it would have any impact at all. Prudential also found a third of people felt Brexit had already affected them, with 11 per cent delaying their plan to retire this year, says City AM.  Despite the fears, last June's referendum has so far had a positive impact on pensions, with the hit to the pound boosting the value of the biggest UK stocks and sending the market to record highs, adding to pension fund returns. Kirsty Anderson, a retirement expert at Prudential, said: "People planning to retire this year are expecting the highest retirement incomes since 2008 so on the face of it, Brexit has had little impact on their retirement expectations. "However, looking below the surface, there is a degree of uncertainty and nervousness among many of this year's retirees. "As you would expect, for many people who have been planning and saving for their retirement for most of their working lives, even the biggest of political upheavals won't make a difference to their long-term plans." 'Pop-up branches' to keep banks in City post-Brexit 25 April Global banks are in talks with "lawyers and regulatory experts" over plans that would allow them to keep their main base and the vast majority of their staff in London after Brexit, says The Times. According to the paper, US lenders are planning to establish "pop-up" branches across the continent with only a few staff to deal with limited face-to-face contact, leaving the actual processing of the deal to be handled in London. There have been concerns that Brexit will lead to lenders losing their passporting rights to operate freely across the continent. This could mean having to set up licenced operations elsewhere in the EU to service European clients and process the huge volumes of euro-denominated business currently transacted in London. A number of banks, including HSBC, JP Morgan and UBS, have intimated a large-scale movement of jobs to the continent while others, such as Lloyds and Barclays, have suggested the shift could be relatively small. Under the new proposals, there would be very few job losses or any need for a change of status. The hurdle will be getting the agreement of EU regulators for the licensing of the new branches, given they will not be handling the bulk of the actual deals. Peter Snowdon, a partner at law firm Norton Rose Fulbright, said: "No regulators like brass plate operations because if something goes wrong they want people on the ground to sort it out. "But it is in principle workable." Page 1 of 8Jobs shortage hits even before Brexit bites 1Jobs shortage hits even before Brexit bites 2City still 'jobs magnet' despite Brexit 3Banks given three months to prepare for 'extreme' Brexit 4 Pound down but not out as May triggers Article 50 5Brexit: Airlines could be forced to move to mainline Europe 6Brexit: IoD chief warns against 'picking winners' 7Retail sales show 'first sign of underlying decline' 8 Brexit just a bump in the road for UK economy, says PwC Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter CloseSign me up Read more: Economy Brexit UK News UK business You are here: Home Brexit Jobs shortage hits even before Brexit bites View the discussion thread. Related Articles BrexitRetail sales surge thanks to Easter boost BrexitJobs shortage hits even before Brexit bites One-Minute ReadFrench presidential election: Macron now faces economic test General Election 2017Labour looks at new tax band for those earning £80,000 gold priceIs the gold price heading for $1,200? News FeedIFS: UK needs £15bn in tax rises or spending cuts by 2022 News FeedBrexit price rises slam brakes on GDP growth One-Minute ReadDrug firms demand £20bn in extra NHS spending TRY A FREE ISSUE of The Week Magazine Try Portfolio The experts' guide to good living Tesla Model 3: Everything we know so far Ametsa review: Dreams of the Basque Country Streets ahead: Pegasus books in for the duration Read more Popular Melania Trump: How the American President's wife lets her outfits do the talking Fashion and Jewellery Peaker Blinders series 4: When will it arrive on the BBC and Netflix - and is a musical in the pipeline? Culture Tesla Model 3: Everything we know so far Luxury Cars Trump and Russia: Who are the people in the spotlight? World News Best electric cars 2017: Tesla, Jaguar and more Motoring Trending Topics Islamic State Gold price EU Referendum Jeremy Clarkson Jeremy Corbyn Oil price Daily Briefing Ten things you need to know today In partnership with Rolex Jeremy Corbyn 'won't quit if Labour lose' Calais border rules could be up for negotiation Obama warned Trump not to hire Flynn Read more Our Latest Offers, Competitions and Events SAVE up to £27 with our wine selection from Private Cellar WIN tickets for The Comedy About A Bank Robbery SAVE £10 on tickets to Cyclist Track Day North 2017 FIND OUT MORE Back to top Facebook Twitter News Business Technology Cars Money Portfolio People Sport Subscriptions Offers The Week US The WeekDay Privacy RSS Sitemap Contact us Authors About us © Copyright The Week Ltd which is a subsidiary of Dennis Publishing Limited. The Week incorporates The First Post. The Week™ and The First Post™ are trademarks of Felix Dennis. Felix Dennis Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BT Group plc’s (BT) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust (BTA) PT Lowered to GBX 343 CoreSite Realty Corp (COR) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (BZH) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (BZH) Rating Increased to Hold at Zelman & Associates Anne H. Lloyd Sells 6,472 Shares of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) Stock PAREXEL International Co. (PRXL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.38 Per Share Insider Selling: IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) EVP Sells $1,578,448.64 in Stock Chegg Inc (CHGG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Sidney Taurel Acquires 2,100 Shares of Pearson plc (PSON) Stock BGC Partners (BGCP) Earning Very Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Arcos Dorados Holding (ARCO) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Raytheon Company (RTN) Shares Bought by Penobscot Investment Management Company Inc. Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. Has $5.569 Million Position in Danaher Co. (DHR) Stamps.com Inc. (STMP) Shares Sold by First Mercantile Trust Co. First Quadrant L P CA Maintains Stake in Anika Therapeutics Inc (ANIK) Acadia Healthcare Company Inc (ACHC) Stake Maintained by First Quadrant L P CA Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Increases Stake in Stryker Co. (SYK) BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust (BTA) PT Lowered to GBX 343 May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust (NYSE:BTA) had its price objective decreased by equities research analysts at Berenberg Bank from GBX 400 ($5.17) to GBX 343 ($4.44) in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday. The brokerage currently has a “hold” rating on the financial services provider’s stock. Other research analysts have also recently issued reports about the stock. HSBC Holdings plc dropped their target price on shares of BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust from GBX 480 ($6.21) to GBX 425 ($5.50) and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Jefferies Group LLC boosted their target price on shares of BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust from GBX 385 ($4.98) to GBX 400 ($5.17) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. BNP Paribas reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 330 ($4.27) target price on shares of BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. dropped their target price on shares of BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust from GBX 390 ($5.04) to GBX 330 ($4.27) and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Macquarie reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 270 ($3.49) price target on shares of BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust in a research report on Monday, January 30th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $389.14. BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust (NYSE:BTA) opened at 11.64 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $11.58 and a 200 day moving average of $11.45. BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust has a 12-month low of $10.73 and a 12-month high of $13.44. The company has a market capitalization of $156.23 million and a PE ratio of 10.49. The company also recently announced a monthly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Investors of record on Monday, May 15th will be issued a dividend of $0.0545 per share. This represents a $0.65 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 5.62%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. WARNING: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/blackrock-lt-municipal-advantage-trust-bta-pt-lowered-to-gbx-343.html. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of BTA. Ameriprise Financial Inc. purchased a new stake in BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust during the first quarter worth $133,000. First Trust Advisors LP raised its stake in BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust by 29.5% in the first quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 72,315 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $829,000 after buying an additional 16,484 shares during the period. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust by 65.1% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 155,076 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,777,000 after buying an additional 61,163 shares during the period. Oxbow Advisors LLC raised its stake in BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust by 5.5% in the first quarter. Oxbow Advisors LLC now owns 21,387 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $245,000 after buying an additional 1,112 shares during the period. Finally, Mackay Shields LLC raised its stake in BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust by 48.2% in the first quarter. Mackay Shields LLC now owns 132,517 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,519,000 after buying an additional 43,071 shares during the period. BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust Company Profile BlackRock Long-Term Municipal Advantage Trust (the Trust) is a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company. The Trust’s investment objective is to provide current income exempt from regular federal income tax. The Trust seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing, under normal market conditions, at least 80% of its assets in municipal obligations and derivative instruments with exposure to such municipal obligations, in each case that are exempt from federal income tax (except that the interest may be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax). Receive News & Ratings for BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BT Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BT Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BT Group plc’s (BT) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust (BTA) PT Lowered to GBX 343 CoreSite Realty Corp (COR) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (BZH) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (BZH) Rating Increased to Hold at Zelman & Associates Anne H. Lloyd Sells 6,472 Shares of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) Stock PAREXEL International Co. (PRXL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.38 Per Share Insider Selling: IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) EVP Sells $1,578,448.64 in Stock Chegg Inc (CHGG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Sidney Taurel Acquires 2,100 Shares of Pearson plc (PSON) Stock BGC Partners (BGCP) Earning Very Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Arcos Dorados Holding (ARCO) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Raytheon Company (RTN) Shares Bought by Penobscot Investment Management Company Inc. Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. Has $5.569 Million Position in Danaher Co. (DHR) Stamps.com Inc. (STMP) Shares Sold by First Mercantile Trust Co. First Quadrant L P CA Maintains Stake in Anika Therapeutics Inc (ANIK) Acadia Healthcare Company Inc (ACHC) Stake Maintained by First Quadrant L P CA Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Increases Stake in Stryker Co. (SYK) BT Group plc’s (BT) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Jefferies Group LLC reiterated their hold rating on shares of BT Group plc (NYSE:BT) in a research report report published on Thursday morning, StockTargetPrices.com reports. They currently have a GBX 325 ($4.20) price objective on the utilities provider’s stock. BT has been the topic of a number of other reports. BNP Paribas reiterated a neutral rating and set a GBX 330 ($4.27) price target on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. HSBC Holdings plc dropped their price target on BT Group plc from GBX 420 ($5.43) to GBX 370 ($4.79) and set a buy rating on the stock in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Barclays PLC reiterated an overweight rating and set a GBX 475 ($6.14) price target on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated an outperform rating and set a GBX 465 ($6.01) price target on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a neutral rating and set a GBX 330 ($4.27) price target on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $352.12. BT Group plc (NYSE:BT) opened at 20.14 on Thursday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $20.07 and a 200-day moving average price of $21.54. The firm has a market cap of $40.05 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.16 and a beta of 1.07. BT Group plc has a 12-month low of $19.14 and a 12-month high of $33.50. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “BT Group plc’s (BT) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/bt-group-plcs-bt-hold-rating-reiterated-at-jefferies-group-llc.html. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in BT. Karp Capital Management Corp bought a new stake in BT Group plc during the first quarter valued at $6,762,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in BT Group plc by 198.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 342,739 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $8,716,000 after buying an additional 227,938 shares in the last quarter. Fiera Capital Corp bought a new stake in BT Group plc during the fourth quarter valued at $4,629,000. Federated Investors Inc. PA bought a new stake in BT Group plc during the fourth quarter valued at $2,259,000. Finally, Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. bought a new stake in BT Group plc during the first quarter valued at $1,557,000. 1.10% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About BT Group plc Receive News & Ratings for BT Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BT Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Community Health Systems, Inc. Announces Tack-On Offering of $700,000,000 of 6.250% Senior Secured Notes Due 2023 FRANKLIN, Tenn.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Community Health Systems, Inc. (NYSE: CYH) (the “Company”) today announced that its wholly owned subsidiary CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. (the “Issuer”) intends to make a tack-on offering (the “offering”) of $700,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 6.250% Senior Secured Notes due 2023, subject to market and other conditions. The offering will be made by means of an underwritten public offering pursuant to an automatic shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the offering plus available cash on hand to prepay and extinguish the Company’s Term A Facility and to pay related fees and expenses. The underwriters in connection with the offering are Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, BofA Merrill Lynch, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, BBVA Securities Inc., Fifth Third Securities, Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. The offering will be made only by means of a prospectus and related prospectus supplement, copies of which may be obtained on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, these documents may be obtained from Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC by directing a request to Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Document Retention, 11 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010, or by calling (800) 221-1037 (toll-free). This press release is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. Such an offer can only be made by delivery of a prospectus and prospectus supplement, if applicable, that have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About Community Health Systems, Inc. Community Health Systems, Inc. is one of the largest publicly traded hospital companies in the United States and a leading operator of general acute care hospitals in communities across the country. The Company, through its subsidiaries, owns, leases or operates 146 hospitals in 21 states with an aggregate of approximately 24,000 licensed beds. The Company’s headquarters are located in Franklin, Tennessee, a suburb south of Nashville. Shares in Community Health Systems, Inc. are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “CYH.” Forward-Looking Statements Statements contained in this press release regarding the proposed transactions and other events are forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties. Actual future events or results may differ materially from these statements. Readers are referred to the documents filed by Community Health Systems, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K, current reports on Form 8-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. These filings identify important risk factors and other uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Flashstarts Announces Cleveland200 Fund Next PostNext ESA Helps Consumers Get Smart About Home Security Search Recent Posts Investment Capital Real Estate Completes Sale of a 59 Unit Multi-family Asset in Corona, CA Dance Safari Show Returns at the Colony Theater on Sunday June 4th, Your Perfect Afternoon for Your Children and Entire Family! Global Attendance Machine Market to Record an Impressive Growth By 2021 CorAnet Corp. One of 50 Women-Owned Businesses Recognized for Strong Business Growth FreeKaaMaal Adds Behrouz Biryani Coupons to its website RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Prudential plc (PRU) Given a GBX 2,000 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG United Community Banks, Inc. (UCBI) Lifted to Outperform at Hovde Group Fiesta Restaurant Group’s (FRGI) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Wedbush Kate Spade & Co (KATE) Stock Rating Lowered by Wells Fargo & Co Center Coast MLP & Infrastructure Fund (CEN) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 10th Bassett Furniture Industries Inc. (BSET) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 10th Potbelly Corp (PBPB) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at William Blair Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Xinyuan Real Estate Co. (XIN) Stock Price Zafgen (ZFGN) Earning Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Study Shows Zillow Group (ZG) Receives News Impact Score of 0.33 First Analysis Lowers ChannelAdvisor Corp (ECOM) to Equal Weight Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect China Zenix Auto International (ZX) Stock Price Autoliv Inc. (ALV) Upgraded by Jefferies Group LLC to Buy Atmos Energy Co. Forecasted to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.65 Per Share (ATO) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (BECN) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Cheesecake Factory Inc’s Q3 2017 Earnings (CAKE) Central Garden & Pet Co to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.49 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (CENT) Insider Buying: Prudential plc (PRU) Insider Buys 10 Shares of Stock Ball Co. (BLL) COO Daniel William Fisher Sells 1,000 Shares Insider Buying: INVESCO Asia Trust plc (IAT) Insider Acquires 5,648 Shares of Stock Prudential plc (PRU) Given a GBX 2,000 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG set a GBX 2,000 ($25.87) target price on Prudential plc (LON:PRU) in a research report released on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the financial services provider’s stock. A number of other equities analysts have also recently commented on PRU. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their price target on shares of Prudential plc from GBX 1,252 ($16.19) to GBX 1,450 ($18.75) and gave the stock an underweight rating in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. HSBC Holdings plc set a GBX 1,890 ($24.44) price target on shares of Prudential plc and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Barclays PLC dropped their price target on shares of Prudential plc from GBX 1,845 ($23.86) to GBX 1,844 ($23.85) and set an overweight rating for the company in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Macquarie reaffirmed an outperform rating and set a GBX 1,683 ($21.77) price target on shares of Prudential plc in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, Shore Capital reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Prudential plc in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of GBX 1,827.63 ($23.64). Prudential plc (LON:PRU) opened at 1746.00 on Wednesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 1,697.72 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 1,595.44. Prudential plc has a 52 week low of GBX 1,096.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 1,801.50. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 44.88 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Prudential plc (PRU) Given a GBX 2,000 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/prudential-plc-pru-given-a-gbx-2000-price-target-at-deutsche-bank-ag.html. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 30th will be issued a GBX 30.57 ($0.40) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 30th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.78%. This is a positive change from Prudential plc’s previous dividend of $12.93. In other news, insider John W. Foley sold 22,807 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,663 ($21.51), for a total value of £379,280.41 ($490,533.38). Also, insider Tony Paul Wilkey sold 147,537 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,663 ($21.51), for a total transaction of £2,453,540.31 ($3,173,228.54). In the last 90 days, insiders bought 44 shares of company stock valued at $72,826. Prudential plc Company Profile Prudential Public Limited Company (Prudential) is a United Kingdom-based international financial services company. The Company offers a range of retail financial products and services and asset management services throughout these territories. The Company operates through Insurance operations and Asset management operations. Receive News & Ratings for Prudential plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Trump wants to revive a 1933 banking law. What that means is ver - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Trump wants to revive a 1933 banking law. What that means is very unclear Posted: Tuesday, May 9, 2017 7:05 AM EDT Updated: Tuesday, May 9, 2017 9:06 AM EDT President Donald Trump shares a laugh with (clockwise from left) Ms.Seema Verma, Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Secretary Tom Price, U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services, and Vice President Mike Pence on... President Donald J. Trump is the 45th President of the United States. President Donald J. Trump being sworn in as the 45th President of the United States on January 20th, 2017. President Trump addressed a joint session of Congress for the first time on February 28th, 2017. President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump at The White House. By Matt Egan NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Nearly 20 years after being killed by Congress, Glass-Steagall is making a comeback in the Trump era. One problem: no one knows what a revival of the Depression-era banking law should look like. The original Glass-Steagall Act of 1933 prohibited traditional banks from also doing the riskier work of investment banks. Congress repealed Glass-Steagall in 1999, clearing the way for the creation of banking behemoths like JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Citigroup. All of them have big presences on Main Street that allow them to take deposits. At the same time, they participate in Wall Street activities like selling stocks and bonds to investors. Calls for the law to be brought back reached a fever pitch after the 2008 financial meltdown. That push has returned under President Trump. The 2016 Republican Party platform explicitly called for a return of Glass-Steagall. But there's a lot of confusion about what that means because there are multiple proposals floating around, including one from the Senate and a bank regulator. Just last week Trump was asked if he supports breaking up the banks. "Some people ... want to go back to the old system, right? So we're going to look at that," Trump said without explaining. Asked about the comments, White House press secretary Sean Spicer made no mention of breaking up the banks. He simply told reporters that Trump is "looking at a 21st Century Glass-Steagall." 'Nothing in common' Recent statements from Trump officials show that the Glass-Steagall name means different things to different people. "They all use the words 'Glass-Steagall,' but they have nothing in common with each other. We're talking about a fish, a bird and a reptile," said Margaret Tahyar, a partner at Davis Polk who represents big banks. Besides the White House comments, there is a "21st Century Glass-Steagall" bill that was reintroduced last month by Senators Elizabeth Warren and John McCain. The bill would take an aggressive approach toward preventing banks from acting as both commercial lenders and investment banks. A third proposal was put out in March by FDIC Vice Chairman Thomas Hoenig, an admirer of Glass-Steagall. Hoenig proposed requiring big banks to revamp their internal structures to make them less risky to the system. "21st Century Glass-Steagall has become a Rorschach test. Different people are pouring different meanings into it," said Tahyar. Just a 'catchphrase' Each of those ideas could lead to vastly different outcomes, especially in terms of whether the biggest banks would effectively be broken up. "We don't know what a 21st Century Glass-Steagall is. It's thrown out as a catchphrase," said Trent Reasons, a former high-ranking official in the Treasury Department who is now an associate director at the Boston Consulting Group. Even big bank CEOs seem unsure. Asked about the merits of bringing back Glass-Steagall, Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan recently told CNN's Poppy Harlow, "When people use that phrase today, I think they mean a lot of different things." But Sloan said that if it means a push to "break up the big banks," that would be a "mistake." Trump officials drop hints Trump's top economic officials have not been explicit about what they mean by a 21st Century Glass-Steagall. But they've dropped hints suggesting it's something far more relaxed than the approaches of both Hoenig and Warren-McCain. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has told the Senate that a "bright line" between commercial and investment banking could hurt lending and capital markets activity that "support a robust economy." Gary Cohn, the former Goldman Sachs president who is now Trump's top economic adviser, recently told Bloomberg that a "21st Century modern Glass-Steagall" could allow the US to better "tailor regulation" in a way that increases lending. Isaac Boltansky, director of policy research at Compass Point Research & Trading, said he's "highly suspicious" of Trump's talk of a 21st Century Glass-Steagall. "I don't see Donald Trump coming out here like Teddy (Roosevelt) getting the trust-buster name," said Boltansky. Aggressive Warren-McCain approach By comparison, the Warren-McCain bill looks like more of an attempt to bring back the original Glass-Steagall. The proposal explicitly prohibits banks that use federal deposit insurance from controlling or being affiliated with entities that deal in stocks and bonds. The bill also said individuals who work at securities entities may not work at insured depository institutions. Tahyar, the lawyer who represents big banks, argues the bill goes too far. "Warren-McCain is not going back to 1933," she said, "it's going back to the last part of the 19th Century." Hoenig wants higher fences FDIC's Hoenig takes more of a middle ground. He calls for the largest banks to add more capital to absorb losses and "partition their commercial and investment banking activities," rather than separate them into two banks. Banks are already required to "ringfence" their traditional banks from their investment bank, But Hoenig's proposal is about "making the fence taller, broader and wider," Tahyar said. Of course, if those fences are high enough, some banks may be forced to completely rethink their business models. No matter the meaning behind the various proposal, Glass-Steagall talk isn't going away anytime soon. "Glass-Steagall has enormous political power," said Compass Point's Boltansky. "It's one of the issues where you see agreement in principle from the far left and far right." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA’s (IAG) Reduce Rating Reiterated at HSBC Holdings plc Deutsche Bank AG Cuts Imperial Brands PLC (IMT) Price Target to GBX 4,100 Hochschild Mining Plc (HOC) Earns Equal Weight Rating from Barclays PLC Artisan Partners Asset Management (APAM) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.61 Cosan (CZZ) Getting Very Favorable Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Bob Evans Farms (BOBE) Earning Very Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Hormel Foods Corp (HRL) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.69 Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Endeavour Silver Corp Lowered by National Bank Financial (EXK) Capital One Financial Corp. Weighs in on Halcon Resources Co.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (HK) Northcoast Research Research Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Colfax Corp (CFX) Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Lowered to “Underperform” at BMO Capital Markets Huntington National Bank Buys 97,620 Shares of U.S. Bancorp (USB) Capital Impact Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) WestRock Co (WRK) Position Maintained by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Holds Position in Arch Capital Group Ltd. (ACGL) Energizer Holdings Inc (ENR) Stake Maintained by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Dril-Quip, Inc. (DRQ) Position Maintained by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC West Coast Financial LLC Sells 349 Shares of Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) ICU Medical, Incorporated (ICUI) Shares Sold by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Has $1.627 Million Position in Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA’s (IAG) Reduce Rating Reiterated at HSBC Holdings plc May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet HSBC Holdings plc restated their reduce rating on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (LON:IAG) in a report issued on Thursday morning. HSBC Holdings plc currently has a GBX 490 ($6.34) target price on the stock. Several other research firms have also weighed in on IAG. JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their price target on International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA from GBX 180 ($2.33) to GBX 155 ($2.00) and set an underweight rating on the stock in a report on Friday, March 17th. Numis Securities Ltd restated a buy rating and set a GBX 238 ($3.08) price target on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Peel Hunt restated an under review rating on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Shore Capital restated a hold rating on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, Citigroup Inc restated a buy rating and set a GBX 300 ($3.88) price target on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 490.38 ($6.34). International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (LON:IAG) opened at 607.00 on Thursday. The firm’s 50 day moving average is GBX 546.62 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 490.41. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 16.39 billion. International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA has a 1-year low of GBX 281.73 and a 1-year high of GBX 610.50. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/international-consolidated-airlns-grp-sas-iag-reduce-rating-reiterated-at-hsbc-holdings-plc.html. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Investors of record on Thursday, June 29th will be given a dividend of €0.13 ($0.14) per share. This represents a yield of 2.03%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 29th. International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA Company Profile International Consolidated Airlines Group, SA is an airline company that holds the interests in airline and ancillary operations. Its segments include British Airways, Iberia, Vueling, Aer Lingus and Other Group companies. It combines the airlines in the United Kingdom, Spain and Ireland. It has approximately 550 aircrafts to over 280 destinations. Receive News & Ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance SYSCO Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SYSCO Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Liberum Capital Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) GB Group plc (GBG) PT Raised to GBX 400 Micro Focus International plc (MCRO) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG Innergex Renewable Energy Inc (INE) Downgraded by AltaCorp Capital BMO Capital Markets Raises Loblaw Companies Ltd (L) Price Target to C$85.00 Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc-ADR (RBGLY) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Scotiabank Raises Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Price Target to C$87.00 Dassault Systemes SE (DASTY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Twenty-First Century Fox Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (FOXA) Investors Buy Large Volume of Put Options on Electronic Arts (EA) Myriad Genetics, Inc. (MYGN) Stock Price Up 5.3% After Analyst Upgrade Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Summit Materials Inc Issued By DA Davidson (SUM) Beacon Securities Weighs in on Dirtt Environmental Solutions Ltd’s Q2 2017 Earnings (DRT) Canyon Services Group Inc (FRC) Price Target Cut to C$6.80 Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) Price Target Cut to C$46.00 by Analysts at TD Securities Gildan Activewear Inc (GIL) Price Target Increased to C$44.00 by Analysts at TD Securities Gildan Activewear Inc (GIL) PT Raised to C$42.00 at Scotiabank Gran Tierra Energy Inc (GTE) Receives Outperform Rating from Scotiabank Tahoe Resources Inc (THO) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.16 Per Share, Beacon Securities Forecasts Cara Operations Ltd (CAO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by CIBC SYSCO Co. (SYY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance Tweet SYSCO Co. (NYSE:SYY)‘s stock had its “sector perform” rating reissued by research analysts at Royal Bank of Canada in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. They currently have a $50.00 price objective on the stock, up from their prior price objective of $48.00. Royal Bank of Canada’s price target would indicate a potential downside of 8.93% from the company’s current price. Several other research analysts have also issued reports on SYY. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and set a $51.00 target price on shares of SYSCO in a research report on Monday. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “hold” rating and set a $55.00 target price (up previously from $54.00) on shares of SYSCO in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Guggenheim restated a “neutral” rating on shares of SYSCO in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. BMO Capital Markets upgraded SYSCO from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and boosted their target price for the company from $56.00 to $60.00 in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded SYSCO from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $59.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $55.40. Shares of SYSCO (NYSE:SYY) traded up 0.064% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $54.935. The company had a trading volume of 307,985 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $52.47 and a 200 day moving average of $52.78. The firm has a market capitalization of $29.68 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 29.954 and a beta of 0.52. SYSCO has a 52 week low of $47.15 and a 52 week high of $57.07. SYSCO (NYSE:SYY) last announced its earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The company reported $0.51 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.51. SYSCO had a return on equity of 40.85% and a net margin of 1.94%. The business had revenue of $13.52 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $13.14 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.46 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts anticipate that SYSCO will post $2.47 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 28th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 7th were issued a dividend of $0.33 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, April 5th. This represents a $1.32 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.40%. SYSCO’s dividend payout ratio is currently 71.74%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/sysco-co-syy-price-target-increased-to-50-00-by-analysts-at-royal-bank-of-canada.html. In other SYSCO news, insider Wayne Shurts sold 15,600 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $51.66, for a total transaction of $805,896.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 43,176 shares in the company, valued at $2,230,472.16. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO William J. Delaney III sold 30,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $51.96, for a total value of $1,558,800.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 406,725 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $21,133,431. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 8.81% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. North Star Investment Management Corp. raised its stake in SYSCO by 81.2% in the first quarter. North Star Investment Management Corp. now owns 1,944 shares of the company’s stock worth $101,000 after buying an additional 871 shares in the last quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC raised its stake in SYSCO by 88.7% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 2,162 shares of the company’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 1,016 shares in the last quarter. Johnson Financial Group Inc. raised its stake in SYSCO by 49.5% in the fourth quarter. Johnson Financial Group Inc. now owns 2,100 shares of the company’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 695 shares in the last quarter. Howe & Rusling Inc. raised its stake in SYSCO by 81.1% in the first quarter. Howe & Rusling Inc. now owns 2,595 shares of the company’s stock worth $135,000 after buying an additional 1,162 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Crow Point Partners LLC bought a new stake in SYSCO during the third quarter worth $137,000. Institutional investors own 77.50% of the company’s stock. SYSCO Company Profile Sysco Corporation (Sysco) is a distributor of food and related products primarily to the foodservice or food-away-from-home industry. The Company’s segments include Broadline, SYGMA and Other. The Broadline segment includes its Broadline operations located in the Bahamas, Canada, Costa Rica, Ireland, Mexico and the United States. Receive News & Ratings for SYSCO Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SYSCO Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Trump wants to revive a 1933 banking law. What that means is very unclear Trump wants to revive a 1933 banking law. What that means is very unclear Posted on Tuesday, May 9, 2017 by CNN in Business News Nearly 20 years after being killed by Congress, Glass-Steagall is making a comeback in the Trump era. One problem: no one knows what a revival of the Depression-era banking law should look like. The original Glass-Steagall Act of 1933 prohibited traditional banks from also doing the riskier work of investment banks. Congress repealed Glass-Steagall in 1999, clearing the way for the creation of banking behemoths like JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Citigroup. All of them have big presences on Main Street that allow them to take deposits. At the same time, they participate in Wall Street activities like selling stocks and bonds to investors. Calls for the law to be brought back reached a fever pitch after the 2008 financial meltdown. That push has returned under President Trump. The 2016 Republican Party platform explicitly called for a return of Glass-Steagall. But there’s a lot of confusion about what that means because there are multiple proposals floating around, including one from the Senate and a bank regulator. Just last week Trump was asked if he supports breaking up the banks. “Some people … want to go back to the old system, right? So we’re going to look at that,” Trump said without explaining. Asked about the comments, White House press secretary Sean Spicer made no mention of breaking up the banks. He simply told reporters that Trump is “looking at a 21st Century Glass-Steagall.” ‘Nothing in common’ Recent statements from Trump officials show that the Glass-Steagall name means different things to different people. “They all use the words ‘Glass-Steagall,’ but they have nothing in common with each other. We’re talking about a fish, a bird and a reptile,” said Margaret Tahyar, a partner at Davis Polk who represents big banks. Besides the White House comments, there is a “21st Century Glass-Steagall” bill that was reintroduced last month by Senators Elizabeth Warren and John McCain. The bill would take an aggressive approach toward preventing banks from acting as both commercial lenders and investment banks. A third proposal was put out in March by FDIC Vice Chairman Thomas Hoenig, an admirer of Glass-Steagall. Hoenig proposed requiring big banks to revamp their internal structures to make them less risky to the system. “21st Century Glass-Steagall has become a Rorschach test. Different people are pouring different meanings into it,” said Tahyar. Just a ‘catchphrase’ Each of those ideas could lead to vastly different outcomes, especially in terms of whether the biggest banks would effectively be broken up. “We don’t know what a 21st Century Glass-Steagall is. It’s thrown out as a catchphrase,” said Trent Reasons, a former high-ranking official in the Treasury Department who is now an associate director at the Boston Consulting Group. Even big bank CEOs seem unsure. Asked about the merits of bringing back Glass-Steagall, Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan recently told CNN’s Poppy Harlow, “When people use that phrase today, I think they mean a lot of different things.” But Sloan said that if it means a push to “break up the big banks,” that would be a “mistake.” Trump officials drop hints Trump’s top economic officials have not been explicit about what they mean by a 21st Century Glass-Steagall. But they’ve dropped hints suggesting it’s something far more relaxed than the approaches of both Hoenig and Warren-McCain. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has told the Senate that a “bright line” between commercial and investment banking could hurt lending and capital markets activity that “support a robust economy.” Gary Cohn, the former Goldman Sachs president who is now Trump’s top economic adviser, recently told Bloomberg that a “21st Century modern Glass-Steagall” could allow the US to better “tailor regulation” in a way that increases lending. Isaac Boltansky, director of policy research at Compass Point Research & Trading, said he’s “highly suspicious” of Trump’s talk of a 21st Century Glass-Steagall. “I don’t see Donald Trump coming out here like Teddy (Roosevelt) getting the trust-buster name,” said Boltansky. Aggressive Warren-McCain approach By comparison, the Warren-McCain bill looks like more of an attempt to bring back the original Glass-Steagall. The proposal explicitly prohibits banks that use federal deposit insurance from controlling or being affiliated with entities that deal in stocks and bonds. The bill also said individuals who work at securities entities may not work at insured depository institutions. Tahyar, the lawyer who represents big banks, argues the bill goes too far. “Warren-McCain is not going back to 1933,” she said, “it’s going back to the last part of the 19th Century.” Hoenig wants higher fences FDIC’s Hoenig takes more of a middle ground. He calls for the largest banks to add more capital to absorb losses and “partition their commercial and investment banking activities,” rather than separate them into two banks. Banks are already required to “ringfence” their traditional banks from their investment bank, But Hoenig’s proposal is about “making the fence taller, broader and wider,” Tahyar said. Of course, if those fences are high enough, some banks may be forced to completely rethink their business models. No matter the meaning behind the various proposal, Glass-Steagall talk isn’t going away anytime soon. “Glass-Steagall has enormous political power,” said Compass Point’s Boltansky. “It’s one of the issues where you see agreement in principle from the far left and far right.” School lunch shaming: Inside America's hidden debt crisis Airline CEO attacked with cream pie Related Posts SpaceX Dragon passenger capsule passes key test How often do pipelines blow up? The Dump-Trump-a-thon list is growing She charges hundreds for fur made of road-kill Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read British passport applications from EU residents up by a third Hidden numbers reveal scale of Venezuela’s economic crisis  Trump ‘terminates’ FBI director James Comey French election results: Macron’s victory in charts Former French PM Manuel Valls says his Socialist party is dead US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Most Read Trump ‘terminates’ FBI director James Comey Trump was warned twice on risk of Russia blackmailing Flynn Comey falls victim to Trump’s Tuesday night massacre Trump’s tax plan tries to take away the drinks tray Less is more when it comes to Federal Reserve policy Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Goldman shakes up investment bank leadership Warnings of staff relocations after Brexit rise sharply Brexit process will expose basic weakness in European banking US shale groups roar back to life after oil slump John Lewis falls foul of minimum wage rules Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Wall Street’s fear gauge falls to lowest level since 1993 Apple leads US stocks to new ‘earnings trade’ high S&P 500 hits record territory above 2,400 before ceding ground Greek bonds keep on smashing post-bailout records Deutsche Bank urges caution over sleepy FX market Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Why Emmanuel Macron matters to the whole world Iraq fears for its future once Isis falls May’s foreign policy cannot be judged by its electoral effect Xi Jinping’s Silk Road is under threat from one-way traffic Comey falls victim to Trump’s Tuesday night massacre Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Why paternal age matters to children’s health Unrealistic expectations put millennials at risk of burnout There is nothing cute about innumeracy Harvard and its business school acolytes are due a rethink Nationality grants open doors to MBA hopefuls Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read The charm of Mme Macron: a little bit of Essex in the Elysée Palace Men Without Women by Haruki Murakami — island life Man versus machine: when Garry Kasparov met his match Arvind Subramanian, economic adviser to India’s prime minister How Serge Gainsbourg’s Je t’aime . . . moi non plus whipped up a scandal Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Australia Add to myFT Australian dollar still unsettled after weak retail sales Fast FT Read next Australian banks face A$6.2bn balance sheet tax Wednesday, 10 May, 2017 Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save May 9, 2017 by: Peter Wells The Australian dollar is still sitting at the bottom of the currencies ladder today despite declines for other majors during the European morning session on Tuesday. The so-called Aussie is down 0.5 per cent at a four-month low of $0.7349 after data earlier today showed retail sales shrank 0.3 per cent in March, weaker than the previous month and also below economists’ expectations for a 0.1 per cent gain. This is adding insult to injury, with a drop in commodity prices last week also sinking the boot into the currency. Tom Kennedy at JPMorgan labelled the retail report as “unequivocally weak” that added to “the already underwhelming trend in the retail data” and lowered the annual rate to a multi-year low of 2.2 per cent. While the retail sales and national accounts data are not perfectly aligned (retail sales has a narrower scope, even within goods spending), today’s print creates some downside risk to 1Q household consumption. Indeed, before today we had forecast real household consumption to increase 0.6%q/q in the March quarter, a deceleration from the final print of 2016, but still a respectable outcome in the context of the past few years. In the absence of a sharp increase in spending across the service sectors, it would seem there is downside risk to this forecast. Kate Hickie at Capital Economics said the data would exacerbate concerns about the health of the household sector. In particular, the sizeable slowdown in real retail sales growth in the first quarter suggests that real consumption growth eased notably. And the outright fall in nominal retail sales in March means there wasn’t any momentum in spending going into the second quarter either. For much of the Asian session, the Aussie dollar was far and away the worst performer. However other currencies have also been trending lower thanks to strength in the US dollar. The yen was next worst, down 0.4 per cent, while the Swiss franc shed 0.3 per cent and the euro was now down 0.2 per cent, with those two currencies dented by broadly milder global nerves. The US dollar index was 0.3 per cent higher. Sample the FT’s top stories for a week You select the topic, we deliver the news. Select topic Select topic Top Stories Brexit US Election 2016 China slowdown Millennial Economy March of the Robot Plunging oil price Global Terror Tech disruption Advertising Connected Cars Enter email address Invalid email Sign up By signing up you confirm that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions, cookie policy and privacy policy. Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017. All rights reserved. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web. Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save Latest on Australia Australian banks face A$6.2bn balance sheet tax Wednesday, 10 May, 2017 Fast FT Australian banks keep dropping after government introduces bank levy Wednesday, 10 May, 2017 Fast FT Commonwealth Bank thumped after profit update Tuesday, 9 May, 2017 Australia media stocks surge on M&A rules proposal Monday, 8 May, 2017 Nationality grants open doors to MBA hopefuls Monday, 8 May, 2017 Read latest Australian banks face A$6.2bn balance sheet tax Wednesday, 10 May, 2017 Latest on Australia Add to myFT Latest in Currencies Add to myFT myFT Follow the topics mentioned in this article Currencies Add to myFT Fast FT Add to myFT Markets Add to myFT US Dollar Add to myFT Follow the authors of this article Peter Wells Add to myFT Take a tour of myFT Comments have not been enabled for this article. Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio Today's Newspaper (ePaper) Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio Today's Newspaper (ePaper) Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Spirit Realty Capital Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Lowers Tidewater Inc. (TDW) to Sell Capital One Financial Corp. Lowers Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) to Underweight Lexington Realty Trust (LXP) Position Reduced by Capstone Asset Management Co. Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $493,000 Position in Brink's Company (BCO) Capstone Asset Management Co. Increases Position in Regal Beloit Corp (RBC) Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $486,000 Stake in Tripadvisor Inc (TRIP) Tompkins Financial Corp Increases Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Arvest Bank Trust Division Cuts Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Shelter Ins Retirement Plan Has $9,394,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stake Held by Shelter Mutual Insurance Co Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO Has $634,000 Position in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Position Held by Caledonia Investments PLC Vince Holding Corp (VNCE) Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Earns In-Line Rating from Evercore ISI Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for TreeHouse Foods Inc. (THS) Under Armour Inc (UAA) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. USANA Health Sciences, Inc. (USNA) Raised to “Buy” at Pivotal Research Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) Stock Rating Lowered by First Analysis Vale SA (VALE) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. TriplePoint Venture Growth BDC Corp (TPVG) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Capital One Financial Corp. Lowers Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) to Underweight May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Capital One Financial Corp. downgraded shares of Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (NYSE:SRC) from an equal weight rating to an underweight rating in a report issued on Thursday morning. A number of other analysts have also weighed in on SRC. FBR & Co started coverage on Spirit Realty Capital in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. They set an outperform rating and a $13.00 price objective for the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered Spirit Realty Capital from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. TheStreet lowered Spirit Realty Capital from a b- rating to a c+ rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services reissued a buy rating on shares of Spirit Realty Capital in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Spirit Realty Capital from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and dropped their price objective for the company from $13.00 to $9.00 in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. Spirit Realty Capital currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $12.64. Spirit Realty Capital (NYSE:SRC) opened at 7.53 on Thursday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $9.95 and its 200 day moving average is $10.66. Spirit Realty Capital has a 12-month low of $6.64 and a 12-month high of $13.97. The company has a market cap of $3.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 41.83 and a beta of 0.52. Spirit Realty Capital (NYSE:SRC) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.20 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.22 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $163.19 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $169.84 million. Spirit Realty Capital had a net margin of 16.77% and a return on equity of 3.17%. On average, equities analysts expect that Spirit Realty Capital will post $0.30 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/capital-one-financial-corp-lowers-spirit-realty-capital-inc-src-to-underweight.html. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 14th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st were paid a $0.18 dividend. This represents a $0.72 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 9.56%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 29th. Spirit Realty Capital’s payout ratio is 288.00%. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Comerica Bank raised its stake in shares of Spirit Realty Capital by 87.6% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 38,087 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $419,000 after buying an additional 17,782 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Spirit Realty Capital by 4.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 251,095 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $3,347,000 after buying an additional 11,595 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Spirit Realty Capital by 1.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 269,549 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $3,593,000 after buying an additional 4,652 shares during the last quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Spirit Realty Capital by 74.3% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 301,218 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $3,271,000 after buying an additional 128,389 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Spirit Realty Capital during the fourth quarter worth approximately $41,964,000. 96.54% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Spirit Realty Capital Spirit Realty Capital, Inc is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s operations are carried out through Spirit Realty, L.P. (the Operating Partnership). The Company invests in single-tenant, operationally essential real estate throughout the United States that is leased on a long-term, triple-net basis primarily to tenants engaged in retail, service and distribution industries. Receive News & Ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance E.On Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for E.On Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brookfield Renewable Partners LP (BEP) Receives “Outperform” Rating from AltaCorp Capital E.On Se (EOAN) Given a €7.20 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts Oxford Immunotec Global PLC (OXFD) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Orthofix International NV (OFIX) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Numis Securities Ltd Reiterates “Buy” Rating for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Visa Inc (V) Position Lowered by Gradient Investments LLC Capital Asset Advisory Services LLC Sells 16 Shares of International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Stake Held by Spirit of America Management Corp NY 62,309 Shares in Glaukos Corp (GKOS) Acquired by Bank of Montreal Can Bank of Montreal Can Cuts Position in Horace Mann Educators Co. (HMN) Bank of Montreal Can Has $3.302 Million Position in Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Murphy Capital Management Inc. Raises Stake in Visa Inc (V) Pennsylvania Trust Co Lowers Stake in AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Stake Maintained by Nexus Investment Management Inc. Murphy Capital Management Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Capstone Asset Management Co. Sells 1,270 Shares of LegacyTexas Financial Group Inc (LTXB) Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. (PDM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Pioneer Energy Services Corp (PES) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Liberum Capital Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Imagination Technologies Group plc (IMG) Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc E.On Se (EOAN) Given a €7.20 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet E.On Se (FRA:EOAN) has been assigned a €7.20 ($7.83) price target by Commerzbank Ag in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. The brokerage presently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. Several other research firms also recently weighed in on EOAN. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €7.90 ($8.59) target price on E.On Se and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €7.75 ($8.42) target price on E.On Se and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Jefferies Group LLC set a €8.50 ($9.24) target price on E.On Se and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Barclays PLC set a €8.50 ($9.24) target price on E.On Se and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, Societe Generale set a €8.10 ($8.80) target price on E.On Se and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. E.On Se presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of €7.65 ($8.32). Shares of E.On Se (FRA:EOAN) opened at 7.28 on Tuesday. The company’s 50-day moving average is €7.24 and its 200-day moving average is €6.90. E.On Se has a 12-month low of €5.99 and a 12-month high of €8.56. The company’s market capitalization is €14.21 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/e-on-se-eoan-given-a-7-20-price-target-by-commerzbank-ag-analysts.html. Receive News & Ratings for E.On Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for E.On Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Royal Dutch Shell Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Dutch Shell Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. (PDM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Pioneer Energy Services Corp (PES) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Liberum Capital Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Imagination Technologies Group plc (IMG) Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc G4S plc (GFS) PT Raised to GBX 350 at Credit Suisse Group AG Berenberg Bank Lowers BT Group plc (BT) Price Target to GBX 343 Horizon Technology Finance Corp (HRZN) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Hannon Armstrong Sustnbl Infrstr Cap Inc (HASI) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Inovalon Holdings Inc (INOV) to Hold Grifols SA, Barcelona (GRFS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Huron Consulting Group (HURN) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Charter Trust Co. Increases Position in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Charter Trust Co. Has $3.804 Million Stake in Walt Disney Co (DIS) Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Stake Raised by Raymond James Trust N.A. Cornerstone Investment Partners LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Cornerstone Investment Partners LLC Sells 325,208 Shares of Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Shares Bought by McQueen Ball & Associates Inc. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Shares Sold by Capital Investment Services of America Inc. Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Position Cut by New England Research & Management Inc. Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Points International Ltd Raised by B. Riley (PCOM) Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Royal Dutch Shell Plc (LON:RDSB)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by investment analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc in a research note issued on Friday. They presently have a GBX 2,440 ($31.56) price target on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc’s price objective points to a potential upside of 14.47% from the company’s current price. Several other equities research analysts have also recently commented on the company. Barclays PLC increased their price target on Royal Dutch Shell Plc from GBX 2,360 ($30.52) to GBX 2,650 ($34.27) and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Royal Dutch Shell Plc in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 2,600 ($33.63) price target on shares of Royal Dutch Shell Plc in a report on Monday, February 27th. HSBC Holdings plc reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 2,700 ($34.92) price target on shares of Royal Dutch Shell Plc in a report on Thursday, April 13th. Finally, Societe Generale reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 2,450 ($31.69) price target on shares of Royal Dutch Shell Plc in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and fifteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of GBX 2,465.28 ($31.88). Royal Dutch Shell Plc (LON:RDSB) opened at 2146.00 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 2,155.07 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 2,206.39. Royal Dutch Shell Plc has a 52-week low of GBX 1,646.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 2,403.68. The company’s market cap is GBX 175.00 billion. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 26th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be given a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 18th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.77%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/royal-dutch-shell-plc-rdsb-rating-reiterated-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. Royal Dutch Shell Plc Company Profile The Royal Dutch Shell plc explores for crude oil and natural gas around the world, both in conventional fields and from sources, such as tight rock, shale and coal formations. The Company’s segments include Integrated Gas, Upstream, Downstream and Corporate. The Integrated Gas segment is engaged in the liquefaction and transportation of gas and the conversion of natural gas to liquids to provide fuels and other products, as well as projects with an integrated activity, ranging from producing to commercializing gas. Receive News & Ratings for Royal Dutch Shell Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Dutch Shell Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Grifols SA Barcelona - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grifols SA Barcelona with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Horizon Technology Finance Corp (HRZN) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Hannon Armstrong Sustnbl Infrstr Cap Inc (HASI) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Inovalon Holdings Inc (INOV) to Hold Grifols SA, Barcelona (GRFS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Huron Consulting Group (HURN) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Charter Trust Co. Increases Position in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Charter Trust Co. Has $3.804 Million Stake in Walt Disney Co (DIS) Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Stake Raised by Raymond James Trust N.A. Cornerstone Investment Partners LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Cornerstone Investment Partners LLC Sells 325,208 Shares of Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Shares Bought by McQueen Ball & Associates Inc. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Shares Sold by Capital Investment Services of America Inc. Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Position Cut by New England Research & Management Inc. Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Points International Ltd Raised by B. Riley (PCOM) Bonness Enterprises Inc. Has $1,847,000 Stake in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Buy Rating for MFA Financial, Inc. (MFA) Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC MainSource Financial Group Inc. (MSFG) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Myovant Sciences Ltd (MYOV) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Shore Capital Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) Grifols SA, Barcelona (GRFS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Grifols SA, Barcelona (NASDAQ:GRFS) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report issued on Friday. According to Zacks, “Grifols, S.A., operates in the pharmaceutical-hospital sector engaged in the research, development and retailing of plasma derivates, products for intravenous therapy, clinical nutrition, diagnostic and hospital logistics systems. The Company operates its business through three divisions: Bioscience Division, Diagnostic Division and Hospital Division. The Bioscience division is engaged in the research, development, production and commercialization of plasma derivates. Diagnostic Division focuses on researching, developing, manufacturing and marketing diagnostics products for laboratory analysis, including products for Hospital Blood Banks and Transfusion Centers. Hospital Division provides non-biological products used in hospital pharmacies, surgery, nutritional support, fluid therapy and for other therapeutic uses. Grifols, S.A. is based in Barcelona, Spain. “ Several other equities analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. HSBC Holdings plc downgraded shares of Grifols SA, Barcelona from a “hold” rating to a “reduce” rating in a report on Friday, April 7th. Bank of America Corp began coverage on shares of Grifols SA, Barcelona in a report on Thursday, April 6th. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Grifols SA, Barcelona from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded shares of Grifols SA, Barcelona from a “conviction-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $19.00. Shares of Grifols SA, Barcelona (NASDAQ:GRFS) opened at 21.35 on Friday. Grifols SA, Barcelona has a 1-year low of $14.27 and a 1-year high of $22.25. The stock has a market capitalization of $28.61 billion, a PE ratio of 47.82 and a beta of 1.12. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $19.53 and a 200 day moving average of $17.06. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Grifols SA, Barcelona (GRFS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/grifols-sa-barcelona-grfs-stock-rating-lowered-by-zacks-investment-research.html. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of GRFS. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC increased its position in shares of Grifols SA, Barcelona by 5.4% in the first quarter. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC now owns 643,696 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $12,150,000 after buying an additional 33,206 shares in the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its position in shares of Grifols SA, Barcelona by 16.1% in the first quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 13,277 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $251,000 after buying an additional 1,839 shares in the last quarter. Denver Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Grifols SA, Barcelona by 0.7% in the first quarter. Denver Investment Advisors LLC now owns 119,736 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $2,260,000 after buying an additional 824 shares in the last quarter. Karp Capital Management Corp purchased a new position in shares of Grifols SA, Barcelona during the first quarter valued at $4,916,000. Finally, Teza Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Grifols SA, Barcelona during the first quarter valued at $502,000. 20.42% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Grifols SA, Barcelona (GRFS) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Grifols SA Barcelona Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grifols SA Barcelona and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance International Personal Finance Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Personal Finance Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News International Personal Finance Plc (IPF) Earns Under Review Rating from Peel Hunt Egdon Resources Plc’s (EDR) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at VSA Capital Zacks Investment Research Lowers MacroGenics Inc (MGNX) to Sell Ophir Energy Plc’s (OPHR) “Overweight” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC MYR Group Inc (MYRG) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Argo Group International Holdings, Ltd. to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.04 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts (AGII) Analysts Set Expectations for American Equity Investment Life Holding’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AEL) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 12,517 Shares of KLX Inc (KLXI) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Raises Stake in Foamix Pharmaceuticals Ltd (FOMX) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $1.355 Million Stake in Cabelas Inc (CAB) RMB Capital Management LLC Has $4.964 Million Stake in General Electric Company (GE) PagnatoKarp Partners LLC Buys Shares of 16,130 Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Numeric Investors LLC Cuts Stake in Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 30,049 Shares of NOW Inc (DNOW) Renaissance Technologies LLC Sells 85,300 Shares of Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. (HALO) RXi Pharmaceuticals Corp (RXII) Shares Bought by Renaissance Technologies LLC UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Reduces Stake in Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Delcath Systems, Inc. (DCTH) Shares Bought by Renaissance Technologies LLC EOG Resources Inc (EOG) Given Buy Rating at BMO Capital Markets Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Buy Rating for Hologic, Inc. (HOLX) International Personal Finance Plc (IPF) Earns Under Review Rating from Peel Hunt May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Peel Hunt restated their under review rating on shares of International Personal Finance Plc (LON:IPF) in a research report report published on Wednesday morning. A number of other analysts have also recently weighed in on IPF. Shore Capital reaffirmed an under review rating on shares of International Personal Finance Plc in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Numis Securities Ltd reaffirmed a buy rating and set a GBX 236 ($3.05) price objective on shares of International Personal Finance Plc in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Liberum Capital reaffirmed an under review rating on shares of International Personal Finance Plc in a research report on Friday, January 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an underweight rating and set a GBX 250 ($3.23) price objective on shares of International Personal Finance Plc in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a buy rating and set a GBX 300 ($3.88) price objective on shares of International Personal Finance Plc in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 255.67 ($3.31). Shares of International Personal Finance Plc (LON:IPF) opened at 169.75 on Wednesday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 164.30 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 200.74. International Personal Finance Plc has a 12-month low of GBX 141.43 and a 12-month high of GBX 344.60. The firm’s market cap is GBX 376.80 million. WARNING: This article was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/international-personal-finance-plc-ipf-earns-under-review-rating-from-peel-hunt.html. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 13th will be given a dividend of GBX 7.80 ($0.10) per share. This represents a yield of 4.81%. This is a boost from International Personal Finance Plc’s previous dividend of $4.60. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 13th. In other International Personal Finance Plc news, insider Justin Lockwood sold 7,545 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 163 ($2.11), for a total transaction of £12,298.35 ($15,905.78). International Personal Finance Plc Company Profile International Personal Finance plc is a United Kingdom-based holding company. The Company offers unsecured consumer finance products, channels and brands. Its segments include home credit and digital. Under home credit segment, the company offers home credit cash loans; money transfer loans; home, medical and life insurances; micro-business loans, and provident-branded digital loan products. Receive News & Ratings for International Personal Finance Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Personal Finance Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com CBS Moneywatch Markets Money Work Small Business Retirement Tech Trending Video Get Trending Videos CBSN Live » CBSN Do you need a college degree to be a president? 60 Minutes Politics Deported Newsmakers The Nuremberg Prosecutor 60 Minutes Sports Theo and Joe CBS Evening News Trump fires Comey CBS Evening News Comey's record CBS Evening News Why was Comey fired? CBS Evening News Nuke site emergency CBS Evening News Troops in Afghanistan CBS Evening News Cancellations fuel brawl CBS Evening News Fidget Spinner fad CBS This Morning Yates testifies on Flynn and Russia CBS This Morning Obama advised Trump against Flynn CBS This Morning Spirit cancellations lead to chaos CBS This Morning More electronics ban on flights? CBS This Morning S. Korea votes in pivotal election CBS This Morning Arizona serial killings suspect CBS This Morning Penn State frat members in court CBS This Morning Nestlé faces water-sourcing backlash Trending Oreo dangles $500K prize for smart cookie idea Trending Spirit Airlines pilot pay dispute behind airport brawl Trending Bumble Bee tuna admits to price-fixing Trending With Lacoste, Mont Blanc, socialist Cuba has 1st luxury mall Trending 5 things to know about "golden ticket" EB-5 visas Trending The fashion industry thinks big about plus sizes Trending Is Kushner family business a conflict for Jared? Trending Nicki Minaj paying student loans for Twitter fans Trending Federal home heating assistance program is safe, for now Trending Coach's bling fling, will spend $2.4B on Kate Spade Trending Jared Kushner's sister woos China's "golden visa" investors Trending Trump says Australia's health care beats U.S.'s: He's right By Kate Gibson MoneyWatch May 9, 2017, 5:00 AM Your MD may have a phony degree Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email High school journalists in Pittsburg, Kansas, recently uncovered a troubling and at times dangerous trend that's far more prevalent than realized. They garnered national attention for their discovery about the credentials of their school's new principal.   "We stumbled on some things that most might not consider legitimate credentials," Trina Paul, a senior and an editor of the Pittsburgh High School newspaper, told the Kansas City Star. Within days of the students publishing their story, principal Amy Robertson had resigned from her $93,000-a-year position. She said she obtained both master's and doctorate degrees from a Corllins University, whose existence the U.S. Department of Education has no evidence of, and reportedly swiped a commencement photo Wake Forest University in North Carolina used for its own marketing, Robertson is far from alone in touting a pedigree that includes a degree from Corllins, described in multiple news stories as a diploma mill. A recent search of LinkedIn found 745 people, including public-safety workers, lawyers, engineers, educators and federal government employees, holding degrees from Corllins.  The career-oriented social network's listings of Corllins grads include a computer scientist at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, a personal assistant to the Deputy Secretary of State in Washington, D.C., an executive director of consumer and community banking at JPMorgan Chase (JPM) in Texas and a flight nurse with an air evacuation team in the Lone Star State. Sample of Bachelor of Science degree issued by University of NorthWest Verifile Given Corllins is just one of many "schools" engaged in the booming business of offering bogus degrees for payment, there's every reason to believe physicians, lawyers and engineers are among those currently employed in positions obtained through bogus degrees. And unlike decades past, the internet has only made an unscrupulous industry that much more accessible to people looking to purchase, rather than earn, credentials. And it has lowered the overhead costs for those offering the illegal service. "Diploma mills have been around for more than 700 years, and things are worse now than they've ever been," said John Bear, co-author of "Degree Mills: The Billion-Dollar Industry That Has Sold Over a Million Fake Diplomas." He added: "Just two of the sellers -- Axact from Pakistan and University Degree Program (UDP) run by an American in Romania -- have accounted for many hundreds of thousands of sales to Americans, and that's just the tip of the iceberg. More than half of all new PhDs in the U.S. each year are fake." Doctored degrees There's little reason to doubt that sales of degrees have only become even more prevalent since a federal probe executed from 1989 to 1991. It was dubbed "DIPSCAM" for "Diploma Scam," and resulted in the dismantling of 40 phony schools, 19 federal grand jury indictments, 20 convictions and the purchase of 40 diplomas and transcripts.  "Our best guestimate is there are 5,000 diploma mills at any one time, and probably the same number of fake accrediting agencies," said Allen Ezell, a 31-year FBI veteran who helped run DIPSCAM. "I'm not paranoid, but it's everywhere," he added. Federal agents identified 12,500 graduates of the 40 fake schools, and those who had purchased bogus degrees included "federal, state and county employees," Ezell (Bear's co-author) told CBS MoneyWatch. "Graduates were employed in business, education, law enforcement, military and in the medical field." A 2006 paper published in the Hofstra Labor and Employment Law Journal cited congressional testimony for some startling data, including an estimate from the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education that one of six education doctorates are fraudulent.  Play Video MoneyWatch Is a college degree worth taking on thousands in debt? The college class of 2015 holds a dubious distinction: Its graduates are the most indebted ever. The average graduate, with a student loan, owes ... "Even more disturbing, an extrapolation of the percentage of people holding fake diplomas in the medical field revealed potentially 2 million 'bogus practitioners' in the United States," wrote Creola Johnson, a law professor at Ohio State University. "The testimonial evidence concluded that at least 500,000 Americans hold fake degrees." Many of those holding fake MDs are "small-town doctors that have military field medic training and can do stitches or an injection," said Bear, who like Ezell, works as a consultant. "Many are smart enough to know if they can't handle a case, they pass it on." But unfortunately, that doesn't always happen. Bear, who started tracking bogus institutions while writing a guide to earning a degree through distance learning, was an expert witness in a manslaughter case in North Carolina against two men who had purchased doctors' IDs for $100 purporting to be from the University of London. "They had cure-all substances they sold online," Bear said of the pair. "They took a young girl off insulin, put her on their potion, and she died." Ezell noted that when he needed an operation four or five years ago, he checked the credentials of both his surgeon and the anesthesiologist, and he advises others do the same. "It's serious. Don't assume they are what they say they are." Sky's the limit The largest gross revenue of any fraudulent school Ezell visited as an FBI agent was $2 million, netted during a roughly three-year period from three schools run in Ohio and Arizona. But that was pre-internet, so the schools generated business by advertising through the mail, flyers or matchbook covers. "It was worldwide then, but in a different vein. Now it's astronomical," said Ezell, who left the FBI in 1991 but continues to track bogus degrees as a consultant. "It's a big business, and $2 million is nothing." Play Video Health - Wednesday Indiana teen graduating from college before getting high school diploma Eighteen-year-old Raven Osborne is set to graduate from college two weeks before she gets her high school diploma. Osborne's charter school manda... Graduates from UDP, the biggest diploma mill of its time, "are still flushing up today," said Ezell of the operation, which grossed $435 million from the sales of more than 200,000 bogus degrees, including medical, from 1998 to 2003, when the U.S. Federal Trade Commission shut it down. The FTC imposed a $180,000 civil fine on those running UDP, he said, but they were not criminally prosecuted and eventually resumed business under new names and web addresses. "White-collar crime has always taken the back seat of the bus," said Ezell, who recently used a stored-value international Visa card to purchase an MBA from a school run by Axact, now the target of a criminal probe by Pakistan officials. "I told them the date I wanted to graduate, the major I wanted and the GDP I wanted. It was a cheapie: $500 for an MBA," he said. "They took my money and sent me a package with a diploma, transcript and letters of recommendation three to four weeks ago." Ezell's work was conducted on behalf of a corporate client in a civil case against an executive, who settled with the company after being confronted with the evidence that his diploma came from an entity that sold bogus credentials.  Bogus degrees, real risks "The U.S. continues to hold the dubious title of most popular location for diploma mill providers; 1,008 are known to have operated or currently operate from the country, an increase of 198, or 20 percent," from the year earlier, found Verifile, a London-based screening company in a 2011 report. "The sheer number in existence indicates that selling degree certificates is big business for diploma mill operators, and that bogus degrees present real risk for prospective employers, educators and the general public. Sample of Bachelor of Science degree issued by Rocheville University Verifile Verifile's report was released not long after a skyscraper built with input of a man with a phony engineering degree collapsed during an earthquake in New Zealand, killing 155 people. "For every high-profile case, there are many, many more bogus degrees used by ordinary people," noted Verifile in its report. The city of Baltimore offers a recent example. A 32-year veteran of the city's police department now faces theft charges of "unlawfully presenting as genuine a false diploma." The ex-detective, Staccato Butler, also lost his adjunct faculty position in the University of Baltimore's high-technology program. "As long as we and other countries are in a credential-conscious society, credentials are going to matter," said Ezell, who noted that employers unwittingly motivate workers to purchase bogus credentials by offering higher salaries for advanced degrees. In Seattle, a sheriff's detective got a phony online college degree to get a 2 percent raise, an issue that came up when he ran for sheriff. "People lie about degrees they haven't earned -- or purchase spurious degrees from diploma mills -- because it works. The gatekeeper in almost all of this is the HR department," said Rich Douglas, who studied the issue for 15 years as part of doctoral dissertation. "They don't know what they're looking at, and they don't seem to care. This allows a deputy secretary for IT of the Department of Homeland Security and the chief nurse of a huge hospital system to claim unaccredited degrees in plain sight." The professional organizations for HR do not require people to know the differences between accreditation and state licensing, said Douglas, who holds certifications from both the Society for Human Resource Management and the HR Certification Institute. "Given that hiring managers usually, but not always, rely on their HR departments to screen applicants, I'd say a little knowledge would go a very long way," said Douglas, who's an advocate of additional training for HR pros. "I don't think there's the political will, but it's an easy thing to eliminate," said George Gollin, a professor of physics at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He started looking into diploma mills when he began getting a lot of spam from one. "I called, expecting to scream at them, and instead I got a sales pitch that I could get any degree I wanted for $4,000." When Abraham Lincoln was inaugurated, a third to half of U.S. currency was counterfeit, with each state generating its own script and banks printing it. The problem was largely solved by the nationalized production of U.S. currency, said Gollin, who believes the federal government, rather than individual states, should determine the legal definition of a degree provider.  The U.N. Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization could keep a list of legitimate universities, with consumers getting alerts when they visit websites of entities not on the list. That would be "the same kind of security that turns on when there's contact by web browsers to a trusted source," Gollin said.  Ezell's suggestion for curbing the problem? Assign one or two FBI agents to work academic fraud. "The word will get out, I promise you there's a grapevine for the industry. They will know," he said. Ezell added that it should also be made clear to would-be buyers of the phony degrees that they risk job loss and prosecution if they do so.  © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Moneywatch 20 of the coolest places to retire in the world Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world 10 products you should never buy generic Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions Popular Market Data Latest Features Fidget-spinner craze is sweeping the U.S. Judge forces Spirit Airlines pilots to work during dispute Watchdog groups decry "attack" on consumer protections Trump's "8th wonder of the world" sold for pennies on the dollar Sale of Trump Caribbean property revives ethics concerns Market News Moneywatch Spotlight 10 questions renters shouldn't forget to ask 7 of the best late-model used cars you can buy 9 internships that pay better than "real" jobs 7 of the safest cars on the road 5 signs you're no longer middle class 47699 Views Stock Watchlist New Fire TV App Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions News provided by The Associated Press. Company fundamental data provided by Zacks. CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cowen and Company Raises Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Price Target to $80.00 Wayfair Inc (W) PT Raised to $55.00 at Wedbush Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp (WMC) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Williams Companies’ (WMB) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at BMO Capital Markets Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Boise Cascade Co Issued By DA Davidson (BCC) JMP Securities Lowers Walker & Dunlop, Inc. (WD) to Market Perform Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $183,000 Position in Norsat International Inc (NSAT) Minerva Neurosciences Inc (NERV) Shares Sold by Renaissance Technologies LLC Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $197,000 Stake in Emergent Capital Inc (EMG) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Boosts Position in Townsquare Media Inc (TSQ) Manitex International Inc (MNTX) Stake Maintained by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Bovie Medical Co. (BVX) Shares Sold by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $984,000 Position in Woori Bank American Depositary Shares (Each representing 3 shares of ) (WF) State Street Corp Buys 34,094 Shares of At Home Group Inc (HOME) State Street Corp Boosts Stake in Manning and Napier Inc (MN) State Street Corp Has $1.616 Million Position in Randgold Resources Ltd. (GOLD) State Street Corp Boosts Stake in Container Store Group Inc (TCS) Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by MKM Partners Northern Trust Co. (NTRS) Rating Reiterated by Credit Suisse Group AG HCI Group Inc (HCI) Lifted to B- at TheStreet Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp (WMC) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp (NYSE:WMC) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corporation is focused on investing in, financing and managing primarily residential mortgage-backed securities for which the principal and interest payments are guaranteed by a U.S. Government agency or federally chartered corporation. Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corporation is headquartered in Pasadena, California. “ Separately, Wunderlich cut shares of Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp from a buy rating to a hold rating and cut their price objective for the company from $11.50 to $10.00 in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and four have issued a hold rating to the company’s stock. Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $10.40. Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp (NYSE:WMC) opened at 10.04 on Wednesday. The company has a market cap of $420.87 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.42 and a beta of 0.73. Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp has a 12-month low of $8.71 and a 12-month high of $11.18. The company’s 50 day moving average is $10.13 and its 200 day moving average is $10.25. Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp (NYSE:WMC) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday, March 6th. The financial services provider reported $0.42 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.32 by $0.10. Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp had a negative net margin of 5.53% and a positive return on equity of 9.54%. The business had revenue of $26.73 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $22.08 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.39 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down 2.5% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts forecast that Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp will post $1.23 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/western-asset-mortgage-capital-corp-wmc-lowered-to-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 26th. Shareholders of record on Monday, April 3rd were given a dividend of $0.31 per share. This represents a $1.24 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 12.35%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 30th. Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is -688.85%. In other news, insider Jennifer Murphy acquired 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $9.67 per share, for a total transaction of $48,350.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 15,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $145,050. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Insiders own 0.37% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Allianz Asset Management AG boosted its position in Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp by 37.7% in the fourth quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG now owns 44,712 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $450,000 after buying an additional 12,234 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp by 1.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 235,111 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,450,000 after buying an additional 4,279 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its position in Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp by 4.6% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 808,876 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $8,142,000 after buying an additional 35,337 shares during the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its position in Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp by 24.5% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 41,192 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $429,000 after buying an additional 8,100 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its position in Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp by 32.8% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 509,700 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $5,133,000 after buying an additional 125,790 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 33.73% of the company’s stock. About Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corporation is a real estate investment trust. The Company is focused on investing in, financing and managing a diversified portfolio of real estate-related securities, whole-loans and other financial assets. The Company’s portfolio includes Agency residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS), including Mortgage pass-through certificates, Agency derivatives, Agency Interest-Only Strips and Agency collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs); Non-Agency RMBS, and Agency commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS), Non-Agency CMBS, Non United States CMBS and asset-backed securities (ABS), as well as Residential and Commercial Whole-Loans. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp (WMC) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ConvaTec Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Earns Equal weight Rating from Morgan Stanley BP plc (BP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc FinnCap Reaffirms Corporate Rating for Clearstar Inc. (CLSU) Peel Hunt Boosts ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Price Target to GBX 380 Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (CCRN) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.09 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts Church & Dwight Co., Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.38 Per Share (CHD) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Chesapeake Energy Co. Lowered by SunTrust Banks (CHK) American International Group Inc (AIG) Upgraded to B- by TheStreet ARRIS International plc (ARRS) Downgraded by TheStreet Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGH) Rating Reiterated by AltaCorp Capital BP plc (BP) Earns “Buy” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Old Mutual plc (OML) Earns “Hold” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) PT Raised to GBX 950 HC Wainwright Reiterates Buy Rating for Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. (PSTI) AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Medpace Holdings Inc (MEDP) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nanometrics Incorporated (NANO) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Peel Hunt Boosts ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Price Target to GBX 380 May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet ConvaTec Group PLC (LON:CTEC) had its target price lifted by Peel Hunt from GBX 300 ($3.88) to GBX 380 ($4.91) in a report released on Thursday. They currently have a buy rating on the stock. Several other brokerages have also recently weighed in on CTEC. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a research note on Monday, February 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an overweight rating and set a GBX 271 ($3.50) price target on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Royal Bank of Canada raised their price target on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC from GBX 242 ($3.13) to GBX 278 ($3.60) and gave the stock a sector perform rating in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a buy rating and set a GBX 310 ($4.01) price target on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG raised their price target on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC from GBX 250 ($3.23) to GBX 275 ($3.56) and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. ConvaTec Group PLC currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of GBX 314 ($4.06). ConvaTec Group PLC (LON:CTEC) opened at 288.60 on Thursday. ConvaTec Group PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 213.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 312.90. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 284.75 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 252.21. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 5.56 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Peel Hunt Boosts ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Price Target to GBX 380” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/peel-hunt-boosts-convatec-group-plc-ctec-price-target-to-gbx-380.html. About ConvaTec Group PLC ConvaTec Group Plc is a medical product and technology company. The Company focuses on therapies for the management of chronic conditions, including products used for advanced chronic and acute wound care, ostomy care, continence and critical care and infusion devices used in the treatment of diabetes and other conditions. Receive News & Ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BP plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BP plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Earns Equal weight Rating from Morgan Stanley BP plc (BP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc FinnCap Reaffirms Corporate Rating for Clearstar Inc. (CLSU) Peel Hunt Boosts ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Price Target to GBX 380 Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (CCRN) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.09 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts Church & Dwight Co., Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.38 Per Share (CHD) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Chesapeake Energy Co. Lowered by SunTrust Banks (CHK) American International Group Inc (AIG) Upgraded to B- by TheStreet ARRIS International plc (ARRS) Downgraded by TheStreet Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGH) Rating Reiterated by AltaCorp Capital BP plc (BP) Earns “Buy” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Old Mutual plc (OML) Earns “Hold” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) PT Raised to GBX 950 HC Wainwright Reiterates Buy Rating for Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. (PSTI) AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Medpace Holdings Inc (MEDP) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nanometrics Incorporated (NANO) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research BP plc (BP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued their neutral rating on shares of BP plc (LON:BP) in a report published on Wednesday. They currently have a GBX 480 ($6.21) price objective on the oil and gas exploration company’s stock. BP has been the topic of a number of other reports. HSBC Holdings plc restated a buy rating and set a GBX 590 ($7.63) target price on shares of BP plc in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a GBX 560 ($7.24) target price on BP plc and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Barclays PLC restated an overweight rating and set a GBX 625 ($8.08) target price on shares of BP plc in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Deutsche Bank AG set a GBX 505 ($6.53) target price on BP plc and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG restated an outperform rating and set a GBX 530 ($6.85) target price on shares of BP plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Eleven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of GBX 517.52 ($6.69). Shares of BP plc (LON:BP) opened at 455.25 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 456.23 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 470.18. BP plc has a 12-month low of GBX 349.35 and a 12-month high of GBX 521.20. The company’s market cap is GBX 89.52 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “BP plc (BP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/bp-plc-bp-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 23rd. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be given a dividend of $0.10 per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.71%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. In other news, insider Nils Smedegaard Andersen purchased 30,000 shares of BP plc stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 20th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 446 ($5.77) per share, with a total value of £133,800 ($173,047.08). Also, insider Brian Gilvary purchased 70 shares of BP plc stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 10th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 459 ($5.94) per share, for a total transaction of £321.30 ($415.55). About BP plc BP p.l.c. is an integrated oil and gas company. The Company owns an interest in OJSC Oil Company Rosneft (Rosneft), an oil and gas company. The Company’s segments include Upstream, Downstream, Rosneft, and Other businesses and corporate. The Upstream segment is engaged in oil and natural gas exploration, field development and production, as well as midstream transportation, storage and processing. Receive News & Ratings for BP plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BP plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ConvaTec Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Earns Equal weight Rating from Morgan Stanley BP plc (BP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc FinnCap Reaffirms Corporate Rating for Clearstar Inc. (CLSU) Peel Hunt Boosts ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Price Target to GBX 380 Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (CCRN) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.09 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts Church & Dwight Co., Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.38 Per Share (CHD) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Chesapeake Energy Co. Lowered by SunTrust Banks (CHK) American International Group Inc (AIG) Upgraded to B- by TheStreet ARRIS International plc (ARRS) Downgraded by TheStreet Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGH) Rating Reiterated by AltaCorp Capital BP plc (BP) Earns “Buy” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Old Mutual plc (OML) Earns “Hold” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) PT Raised to GBX 950 HC Wainwright Reiterates Buy Rating for Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. (PSTI) AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Medpace Holdings Inc (MEDP) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nanometrics Incorporated (NANO) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Earns Equal weight Rating from Morgan Stanley May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Morgan Stanley reaffirmed their equal weight rating on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC (LON:CTEC) in a report published on Thursday. A number of other research analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. Royal Bank of Canada upped their target price on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC from GBX 242 ($3.13) to GBX 278 ($3.60) and gave the company a sector perform rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an overweight rating and set a GBX 305 ($3.94) target price on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a buy rating and set a GBX 310 ($4.01) target price on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. HSBC Holdings plc initiated coverage on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. They set a buy rating and a GBX 310 ($4.01) target price on the stock. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG upped their target price on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC from GBX 250 ($3.23) to GBX 275 ($3.56) and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. ConvaTec Group PLC presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 314 ($4.06). Shares of ConvaTec Group PLC (LON:CTEC) opened at 288.60 on Thursday. The firm’s 50 day moving average is GBX 284.75 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 252.21. ConvaTec Group PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 213.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 312.90. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 5.56 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/convatec-group-plc-ctec-earns-equal-weight-rating-from-morgan-stanley.html. ConvaTec Group PLC Company Profile ConvaTec Group Plc is a medical product and technology company. The Company focuses on therapies for the management of chronic conditions, including products used for advanced chronic and acute wound care, ostomy care, continence and critical care and infusion devices used in the treatment of diabetes and other conditions. Receive News & Ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  About New Europe   Print Edition Library   Latest Premium Articles   Subscribe   Log In Menu EU Affairs European Parliament GUE/NGL: Emmanuel Macron must take heed of the growing split in French society ECR congratulates Macron Welcome to the House of European History MEPs want EU rules on private security companies Close European Commission Juncker’s take on a eurozone finance minister and budget Greece’s supplementary MoU with creditors leaked: 3.5% primary surplus for 2019-2022 period Gazprom starts construction of Turkish Stream offshore pipe Juncker: France spends too much money on the wrong things Close European Council Macron insists Trump sticks to Paris Climate Agreement Strengthening EU’s clean energy proposal Greece: Eurogroup could address debt sustainability soon Macron pushes for the Eurozone’s political integration Close Close Energy Environment Macron insists Trump sticks to Paris Climate Agreement Strengthening EU’s clean energy proposal EU, stakeholders to discuss sustainable blue economy investments EU drives Paris Agreement implementation Close Renewables Macron insists Trump sticks to Paris Climate Agreement EU clears creation of German JV by Austria’s STRABAG and EVN Strengthening EU’s clean energy proposal Šefčovič on second Energy Union Tour to Belgium Close Oil & Gas Gazprom starts construction of Turkish Stream offshore pipe Oversupply fears push oil prices to five-month lows Rosneft posts Q1 net income rise of 8.3% Novak: Russia to extend OPEC oil production deal Close Nuclear Cañete in Tehran for first-ever EU-Iran sustainable energy forum Finland’s Green Party goes nuclear EU, Iran sign first-ever nuclear safety cooperation project EU opens probe into German electricity capacity reserve plans Close Energy Policy Macron insists Trump sticks to Paris Climate Agreement Strengthening EU’s clean energy proposal Šefčovič on second Energy Union Tour to Belgium Trump signs order on oil drilling but market is skeptical Close Close Knowledge Network European View Dialogue on Democracy Empowering the next generation A World with Social Services AT&T Europe’s Public Policy Blog ‘Winds of Change’ by Jaime Quesado Driving European Entrepreneurship Close Kassandra Mogherini must remove Vlahudin, yesterday! #New Europe Shooting Gallery Issue 1210 #New Europe Shooting Gallery Issue 1209 #New Europe Shooting Gallery Issue 1208 #New Europe Shooting Gallery Issue 1206 Close World News EU, Africa join forces Oversupply fears push oil prices to five-month lows Novak: Russia to extend OPEC oil production deal ENI wins 15-year LNG supply contract in Pakistan Trump signs order on oil drilling but market is skeptical Israel targets Hezbollah arms depot in Syria EU concerns on deterioration of situation in Venezuela Calls for an EU-Mercosur trade agreement by year’s end Close Tech & Culture Technology Shaping the future with entrepreneurship education Europe’s Data Protection Supervisor issues 2016 annual report Pharmaceuticals deliver the U.K with an ultimatum Brexit and Academia: anti-immigration hysteria is hurting an €86bn sector Close Lifestyle Finland reconsiders naming patterns Sheep-carrying cargo from Romania sinks Russian military vessel EU Parliament closes multinationals’ tax loopholes Swedish Facebook rapists receive prison sentences Close Fashion EU Parliament closes multinationals’ tax loopholes More brands should reveal where their clothes are made, says HRW Adidas is moving production from China back to Germany… to be made by robots Inside Russia’s shrinking middle class Close Close Now Reading: Brexit brings bank job exodus Up Next: Brexit brings bank job exodus EPA/ANDY RAIN Click for full view A view of the Bank of England in London, Britain. Author By Beata Stur Up Next Turkish court upholds Wikipedia prohibition May 9, 2017 Published 10:02 May 9, 2017 Updated 10:02 May 9, 2017 Brexit brings bank job exodus By Beata Stur Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn + As many as 9,000 jobs in London’s banking sector will move to Europe in the next two years, according to public statements and information from sources. As reported by the Reuters news agency, 13 major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS (UBSG.S), and Citigroup (C.N) have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union’s single market when Britain leaves the bloc. The latest global banks to join the list include Standard Chartered (STAN.L) and JPMorgan (JPM.N). Last week, Goldman Sachs (GS.N) chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview that London’s growth as a financial centre could “stall” as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Although the moves would represent about 2% of London’s finance jobs, Britain’s tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services, reported Reuters. Meanwhile, Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favour opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. The Bank of England has given finance companies until July 14 to set out their plans. One senior bank executive at a large British bank told Reuters that forcing companies to make a plan makes it more likely that they will follow through. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn + Load next: Turkish court upholds Wikipedia prohibition Related News News Juncker’s take on a eurozone finance minister and budget By Irene Kostaki News Macron insists Trump sticks to Paris Climate Agreement By Kostis Geropoulos Analysis Theresa May will have to target students to meet immigration targets By NEOnline | IR News Institutional investors ditch Ryanair for unethical labour practices By NEOnline | IR COPYRIGHT 2016 NEW EUROPE. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Our Writers About Us Email Password Remember Me Lost your password? Reset Password Username or E-mail: Log in
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Old Mutual plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Old Mutual plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News American International Group Inc (AIG) Upgraded to B- by TheStreet ARRIS International plc (ARRS) Downgraded by TheStreet Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGH) Rating Reiterated by AltaCorp Capital BP plc (BP) Earns “Buy” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Old Mutual plc (OML) Earns “Hold” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) PT Raised to GBX 950 HC Wainwright Reiterates Buy Rating for Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. (PSTI) AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Medpace Holdings Inc (MEDP) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nanometrics Incorporated (NANO) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Chuy's Holdings Inc Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.31 Per Share (CHUY) Triton International Limited (TRTN) to Release Earnings on Thursday Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Earns “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets PostNL NV (PNLYY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Sse Plc (SSE) Given “Neutral” Rating at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Natixis SA (NTXFF) Downgraded by BNP Paribas Shire PLC’s (SHP) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Citigroup Inc Old Mutual plc (OML) Earns “Hold” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed their hold rating on shares of Old Mutual plc (LON:OML) in a report released on Wednesday. They currently have a GBX 240 ($3.10) price objective on the stock. Several other equities analysts have also commented on OML. Shore Capital reiterated a buy rating on shares of Old Mutual plc in a research report on Friday, April 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Old Mutual plc to an overweight rating and increased their price objective for the company from GBX 220 ($2.85) to GBX 236 ($3.05) in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada increased their price objective on Old Mutual plc from GBX 160 ($2.07) to GBX 180 ($2.33) and gave the company an underperform rating in a research report on Friday, March 17th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. Old Mutual plc currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 210.80 ($2.73). Shares of Old Mutual plc (LON:OML) opened at 191.40 on Wednesday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 201.11 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 203.95. The company’s market cap is GBX 8.97 billion. Old Mutual plc has a 12 month low of GBX 163.90 and a 12 month high of GBX 229.84. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/old-mutual-plc-oml-earns-hold-rating-from-deutsche-bank-ag.html. The business also recently declared a dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 28th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 30th were given a dividend of GBX 3.39 ($0.04) per share. This represents a yield of 1.51%. This is a positive change from Old Mutual plc’s previous dividend of $2.67. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 30th. Old Mutual plc Company Profile Old Mutual plc is a United Kingdom-based holding company. The Company’s business activities include life assurance, asset management business, banking, and property and casualty The Company’s segments include Emerging Markets, Nedbank, Old Mutual Wealth and Institutional Asset Management. The Other segment includes central activities. Receive News & Ratings for Old Mutual plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Old Mutual plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BP plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BP plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News American International Group Inc (AIG) Upgraded to B- by TheStreet ARRIS International plc (ARRS) Downgraded by TheStreet Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGH) Rating Reiterated by AltaCorp Capital BP plc (BP) Earns “Buy” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Old Mutual plc (OML) Earns “Hold” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) PT Raised to GBX 950 HC Wainwright Reiterates Buy Rating for Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. (PSTI) AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Medpace Holdings Inc (MEDP) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nanometrics Incorporated (NANO) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Chuy's Holdings Inc Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.31 Per Share (CHUY) Triton International Limited (TRTN) to Release Earnings on Thursday Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Earns “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets PostNL NV (PNLYY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Sse Plc (SSE) Given “Neutral” Rating at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Natixis SA (NTXFF) Downgraded by BNP Paribas Shire PLC’s (SHP) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Citigroup Inc BP plc (BP) Earns “Buy” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of BP plc (LON:BP) in a research report report published on Wednesday morning. They currently have a GBX 505 ($6.53) target price on the oil and gas exploration company’s stock. BP has been the subject of a number of other research reports. HSBC Holdings plc reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 590 ($7.63) price objective on shares of BP plc in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a GBX 560 ($7.24) price objective on shares of BP plc and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Barclays PLC reissued an overweight rating and issued a GBX 625 ($8.08) price objective on shares of BP plc in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued an outperform rating and issued a GBX 530 ($6.85) price objective on shares of BP plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc lifted their price objective on shares of BP plc from GBX 505 ($6.53) to GBX 515 ($6.66) and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Eleven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 517.52 ($6.69). BP plc (LON:BP) opened at 455.32 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 456.23 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 470.18. BP plc has a 52-week low of GBX 349.35 and a 52-week high of GBX 521.20. The firm’s market cap is GBX 89.54 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/bp-plc-bp-earns-buy-rating-from-deutsche-bank-ag.html. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 23rd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be issued a $0.10 dividend. This represents a yield of 1.71%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. In other news, insider Brian Gilvary bought 70 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 10th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 459 ($5.94) per share, with a total value of £321.30 ($415.55). Also, insider Nils Smedegaard Andersen bought 30,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 20th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of GBX 446 ($5.77) per share, for a total transaction of £133,800 ($173,047.08). About BP plc BP p.l.c. is an integrated oil and gas company. The Company owns an interest in OJSC Oil Company Rosneft (Rosneft), an oil and gas company. The Company’s segments include Upstream, Downstream, Rosneft, and Other businesses and corporate. The Upstream segment is engaged in oil and natural gas exploration, field development and production, as well as midstream transportation, storage and processing. Receive News & Ratings for BP plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BP plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance American International Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for American International Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News American International Group Inc (AIG) Upgraded to B- by TheStreet ARRIS International plc (ARRS) Downgraded by TheStreet Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGH) Rating Reiterated by AltaCorp Capital BP plc (BP) Earns “Buy” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Old Mutual plc (OML) Earns “Hold” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) PT Raised to GBX 950 HC Wainwright Reiterates Buy Rating for Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. (PSTI) AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Medpace Holdings Inc (MEDP) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nanometrics Incorporated (NANO) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Chuy's Holdings Inc Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.31 Per Share (CHUY) Triton International Limited (TRTN) to Release Earnings on Thursday Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Earns “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets PostNL NV (PNLYY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Sse Plc (SSE) Given “Neutral” Rating at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Natixis SA (NTXFF) Downgraded by BNP Paribas Shire PLC’s (SHP) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Citigroup Inc American International Group Inc (AIG) Upgraded to B- by TheStreet May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet TheStreet upgraded shares of American International Group Inc (NYSE:AIG) from a c rating to a b- rating in a research report sent to investors on Wednesday morning. Other analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $72.00 price target on American International Group and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Saturday, April 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their price target on American International Group from $69.00 to $65.00 and set a neutral rating for the company in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a buy rating and set a $71.00 price target on shares of American International Group in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Barclays PLC reiterated a buy rating and set a $74.00 price target on shares of American International Group in a research note on Monday, February 20th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG downgraded American International Group from a hold rating to a sell rating and decreased their price target for the stock from $6.00 to $5.00 in a research note on Monday, March 13th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating, eleven have issued a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $64.60. Shares of American International Group (NYSE:AIG) opened at 61.92 on Wednesday. The stock has a market capitalization of $57.32 billion, a P/E ratio of 125.85 and a beta of 1.32. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $61.18 and its 200 day moving average price is $63.30. American International Group has a one year low of $48.41 and a one year high of $67.47. American International Group (NYSE:AIG) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The insurance provider reported $1.36 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.11 by $0.25. The company had revenue of $11.31 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $11 billion. American International Group had a return on equity of 1.82% and a net margin of 0.66%. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.65 EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that American International Group will post $4.97 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “American International Group Inc (AIG) Upgraded to B- by TheStreet” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/american-international-group-inc-aig-upgraded-to-b-by-thestreet.html. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, June 28th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, June 14th will be issued a $0.32 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, June 12th. This represents a $1.28 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.07%. American International Group’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 290.92%. In other American International Group news, insider Philip Fasano sold 6,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.59, for a total value of $381,540.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 1.04% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN purchased a new position in American International Group during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $148,000. Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC boosted its position in American International Group by 0.5% in the third quarter. Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC now owns 2,615 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $155,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the period. FTB Advisors Inc. boosted its position in American International Group by 147.9% in the first quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. now owns 2,868 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $176,000 after buying an additional 1,711 shares during the period. Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. purchased a new position in American International Group during the first quarter valued at approximately $184,000. Finally, Lincoln National Corp purchased a new position in American International Group during the first quarter valued at approximately $202,000. 83.72% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About American International Group American International Group, Inc is a global insurance company. The Company provides a range of property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement products and other financial services to commercial and individual customers. Its segments include Commercial Insurance, Consumer Insurance, Other Operations and Legacy Portfolio. Receive News & Ratings for American International Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American International Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) PT Raised to GBX 950 HC Wainwright Reiterates Buy Rating for Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. (PSTI) AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Medpace Holdings Inc (MEDP) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nanometrics Incorporated (NANO) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Chuy's Holdings Inc Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.31 Per Share (CHUY) Triton International Limited (TRTN) to Release Earnings on Thursday Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Earns “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets PostNL NV (PNLYY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Sse Plc (SSE) Given “Neutral” Rating at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Natixis SA (NTXFF) Downgraded by BNP Paribas Shire PLC’s (SHP) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Citigroup Inc Shire PLC (SHP) Given Buy Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Barclays PLC Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Shire PLC (SHP) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades LendingClub Corp (LC) to Sell Zacks Investment Research Upgrades LightPath Technologies, Inc. (LPTH) to Strong-Buy Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Lee Enterprises, Incorporated (LEE) to Sell AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAG)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by stock analysts at Barclays PLC in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday. They presently have a $25.00 price target on the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock. Barclays PLC’s price target points to a potential upside of 34.77% from the stock’s current price. AMAG has been the topic of several other research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $24.00 target price on shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reaffirmed an “underperform” rating on shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals in a report on Monday, January 9th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Monday, January 9th. Cantor Fitzgerald set a $24.00 target price on shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a $40.00 target price on shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, April 20th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. AMAG Pharmaceuticals currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $30.50. Shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:AMAG) opened at 18.55 on Friday. AMAG Pharmaceuticals has a 1-year low of $17.92 and a 1-year high of $36.83. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $22.59 and its 200-day moving average is $26.40. The company’s market cap is $650.08 million. AMAG Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:AMAG) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The specialty pharmaceutical company reported ($1.06) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.09 by $1.15. AMAG Pharmaceuticals had a net margin of 3.12% and a return on equity of 11.10%. The business had revenue of $139.47 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $150.32 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted ($0.22) EPS. AMAG Pharmaceuticals’s revenue for the quarter was up 27.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that AMAG Pharmaceuticals will post ($1.77) earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/amag-pharmaceuticals-inc-amag-rating-reiterated-by-barclays-plc.html. In other AMAG Pharmaceuticals news, SVP Julie Krop sold 1,891 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $24.45, for a total value of $46,234.95. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 36,777 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $899,197.65. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. 2.30% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Sei Investments Co. raised its stake in shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals by 0.7% in the first quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 8,342 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $188,000 after buying an additional 54 shares during the period. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System raised its stake in shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals by 1.4% in the first quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 14,000 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $316,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the period. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals by 2.6% in the third quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. now owns 9,686 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $237,000 after buying an additional 244 shares during the period. Acadian Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals by 20.8% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 4,520 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $111,000 after buying an additional 777 shares during the period. Finally, Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its stake in shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals by 5.8% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 18,380 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $640,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the period. AMAG Pharmaceuticals Company Profile AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a pharmaceutical company. The Company’s segment is the manufacture, development and commercialization of products and services for use in treating various conditions, with a focus on maternal health, anemia management and cancer supportive care. Its offerings focus on maternal health, anemia management and cancer supportive care, including its product, Makena (hydroxyprogesterone caproate injection); services related to the collection, processing and storage of umbilical cord blood stem cell and cord tissue units operated through Cord Blood Registry (CBR); its product, Feraheme (ferumoxytol), for intravenous (IV) use, and MuGard Mucoadhesive Oral Wound Rinse. Receive News & Ratings for AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GlaxoSmithKline plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GlaxoSmithKline plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) PT Raised to GBX 950 HC Wainwright Reiterates Buy Rating for Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. (PSTI) AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Medpace Holdings Inc (MEDP) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nanometrics Incorporated (NANO) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Chuy's Holdings Inc Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.31 Per Share (CHUY) Triton International Limited (TRTN) to Release Earnings on Thursday Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Earns “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets PostNL NV (PNLYY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Sse Plc (SSE) Given “Neutral” Rating at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Natixis SA (NTXFF) Downgraded by BNP Paribas Shire PLC’s (SHP) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Citigroup Inc Shire PLC (SHP) Given Buy Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Barclays PLC Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Shire PLC (SHP) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades LendingClub Corp (LC) to Sell Zacks Investment Research Upgrades LightPath Technologies, Inc. (LPTH) to Strong-Buy Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Lee Enterprises, Incorporated (LEE) to Sell GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet GlaxoSmithKline plc (LON:GSK)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by equities researchers at HSBC Holdings plc in a report issued on Friday. They presently have a GBX 1,970 ($25.48) price target on the stock. HSBC Holdings plc’s target price indicates a potential upside of 23.86% from the stock’s previous close. Several other equities research analysts also recently issued reports on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Morgan Stanley reissued an “equal weight” rating and issued a GBX 1,700 ($21.99) price objective on shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Liberum Capital reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 1,900 ($24.57) price objective on shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc increased their price objective on GlaxoSmithKline plc from GBX 1,800 ($23.28) to GBX 1,850 ($23.93) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Shore Capital reissued a “hold” rating on shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 1,738.82 ($22.49). GlaxoSmithKline plc (LON:GSK) opened at 1585.00 on Friday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 77.44 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 1,626.04 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 1,585.42. GlaxoSmithKline plc has a 52 week low of GBX 1,363.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 1,745.56. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 13th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be issued a dividend of GBX 19 ($0.25) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.21%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/glaxosmithkline-plc-gsk-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-hsbc-holdings-plc.html. In other news, insider Victoria Whyte sold 4,820 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,576 ($20.38), for a total transaction of £75,963.20 ($98,245.21). Also, insider Vivienne Cox acquired 335 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 26th. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 1,583 ($20.47) per share, for a total transaction of £5,303.05 ($6,858.57). In the last three months, insiders have bought 1,053 shares of company stock worth $1,703,529 and have sold 52,038 shares worth $84,442,106. GlaxoSmithKline plc Company Profile GlaxoSmithKline plc is a global healthcare company. The Company operates through three segments: Pharmaceuticals, Vaccines and Consumer Healthcare. The Company focuses on its research across six areas: Respiratory diseases, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)/infectious diseases, Vaccines, Immuno-inflammation, Oncology and Rare diseases. Receive News & Ratings for GlaxoSmithKline plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GlaxoSmithKline plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Shire PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shire PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Shire PLC (SHP) Given Buy Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Barclays PLC Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Shire PLC (SHP) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades LendingClub Corp (LC) to Sell Zacks Investment Research Upgrades LightPath Technologies, Inc. (LPTH) to Strong-Buy Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Lee Enterprises, Incorporated (LEE) to Sell Viveve Medical Inc (VIVE) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Physicians Realty Trust (DOC) Boosted by SunTrust Banks Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Encore Capital Group, Inc. (ECPG) Lowered by SunTrust Banks ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.46 Per Share SunTrust Banks Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for FMC Corp (FMC) Peel Hunt Reaffirms Buy Rating for Trinity Mirror plc (TNI) Weir Group PLC (WEIR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Venture Life Group PLC’s (VLG) “Corporate” Rating Reiterated at Northland Securities Numis Securities Ltd Reiterates Buy Rating for Vectura Group PLC (VEC) Brookfield Asset Management Inc (BAM.A) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Amerisur Resources plc’s (AMER) “house stock” Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) a €5.90 Price Target Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Grifols SA, Barcelona’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GRFS) SunTrust Banks Comments on Hyatt Hotels Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (H) SunTrust Banks Equities Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Hancock Holding Company (HBHC) Shire PLC (SHP) Given Buy Rating at Deutsche Bank AG May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG restated their buy rating on shares of Shire PLC (LON:SHP) in a report released on Wednesday. They currently have a GBX 6,300 ($81.48) price objective on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. SHP has been the subject of a number of other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating on shares of Shire PLC in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. BNP Paribas reiterated an outperform rating and set a GBX 5,900 ($76.31) price target on shares of Shire PLC in a report on Monday, January 9th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc increased their price target on Shire PLC from GBX 6,300 ($81.48) to GBX 6,800 ($87.95) and gave the stock a conviction-buy rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Citigroup Inc reiterated a buy rating on shares of Shire PLC in a report on Friday, February 17th. Finally, Shore Capital reiterated a buy rating on shares of Shire PLC in a report on Friday, February 10th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and seventeen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 6,127.13 ($79.24). Shares of Shire PLC (LON:SHP) opened at 4610.00 on Wednesday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 4,619.09 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 4,663.87. Shire PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 2,707.19 and a 52 week high of GBX 5,377.00. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 41.68 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/shire-plc-shp-given-buy-rating-at-deutsche-bank-ag.html. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 9th were given a GBX 20.64 ($0.27) dividend. This is a boost from Shire PLC’s previous dividend of $3.51. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 9th. This represents a yield of 0.43%. In other Shire PLC news, insider William Burns purchased 136 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 31st. The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 4,742 ($61.33) per share, with a total value of £6,449.12 ($8,340.82). Shire PLC Company Profile Shire plc is a biotech company focused on serving people with rare diseases and other specialized conditions. The Company’s segment is engaged in research, development, licensing, manufacturing, marketing, distribution and sale of specialist medicines. It focuses its development resources on projects in various therapeutic areas (TAs), including Neuroscience, Ophthalmology, Hematology, Oncology, Immunology, Gastrointestinal (GI)/Metabolic/Endocrinology Diseases. Receive News & Ratings for Shire PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shire PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
May 10, 2017 0703 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:192411 Publish Date: Tue, 09 May 2017 10:53:28 GMT Service: Iran Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from UK because of Brexit The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Last week, Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London, Reuters wrote. Goldman Sachs Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein said in an interview that London's growth as a financial center could ‘stall’ as a result of the upheaval caused by Brexit. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS, and Citigroup have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union's single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been underway for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. "It's full speed ahead. We are in full motion with our contingency planning," said the head of investment banking at one global bank in London. "There's no waiting." Although the moves would represent about two percent of London's finance jobs, Britain's tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The Institute for Fiscal Studies — a think tank focused on budget issues — said in a report on Thursday the rest of the population will have to pay more if top earners move. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Some politicians say bankers have exaggerated the threat to the economy from Brexit. The plans of large banks such as Credit Suisse and Bank of America and many smaller banks are still unknown. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favor opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. Deutsche Bank said on April 26 up to 4,000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit — the largest potential move of any bank. JPMorgan last week announced plans to move hundreds of roles to three European cities in the next two years. This is still significantly lower than the 4,000 figure JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon first estimated before the vote.     KeyWords Banks Brexit UK jobs Banks planning   Related News : UK may lose 75,000 jobs in case of ‘hard Brexit: Study’ Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News EU urges commitment to Iran nuclear deal Iran falls short of victory against Vietnam in Asian handball meet Zarif congratulates Haniyeh on appointment as Hamas leader Iran upsets Japan to win Asian Men's U23 Volleyball Championship title Israel main obstacle to Middle East free of nuclear weapons: Iran Invincible Iran whitewashes Japan in Asian volleyball final Iranian anti-terror activists slam US support for MKO Canadian delegation in Tehran to thaw ties Iran mine blast death toll rises to 42 Ministry: Over 56m Iranians eligible to vote in elections Most Visited US pushing Korean Peninsula to brink of nuclear war: Pyongyang Trump says military action possible against North Korea FBI agent fled US to marry Daesh member she was assigned to probe www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/0880 sec
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Grifols SA Barcelona - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grifols SA Barcelona with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Amerisur Resources plc’s (AMER) “house stock” Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) a €5.90 Price Target Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Grifols SA, Barcelona’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GRFS) SunTrust Banks Comments on Hyatt Hotels Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (H) SunTrust Banks Equities Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Hancock Holding Company (HBHC) adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €175.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €204.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Allianz SE (ALV) PT Set at €200.00 by Commerzbank Ag JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Allianz SE (ALV) a €199.00 Price Target E.On Se (EOAN) PT Set at €8.70 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Metro Ag (MEO3) a €28.00 Price Target eMagin Co. (EMAN) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Thursday HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Linde AG (LIN) a €179.00 Price Target Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) PT Set at €20.00 by S&P Global Bombardier, Inc. (BBD.B) to Release Earnings on Thursday JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €197.00 Price Target for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Salzgitter AG (SZG) Given a €38.50 Price Target by Baader Bank Analysts Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for LHC Group, Inc. (LHCG) Issued By SunTrust Banks 4imprint Group plc (FOUR) Receives “Buy” Rating from FinnCap Dcc Plc (DCC) PT Raised to GBX 8,500 Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Grifols SA, Barcelona’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GRFS) May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Grifols SA, Barcelona (NASDAQ:GRFS) – Stock analysts at William Blair reduced their Q2 2017 earnings estimates for Grifols SA, Barcelona in a research note issued on Wednesday. William Blair analyst M. Kaczor now forecasts that the biotechnology company will earn $0.28 per share for the quarter, down from their previous estimate of $0.31. William Blair also issued estimates for Grifols SA, Barcelona’s Q3 2017 earnings at $0.28 EPS and FY2017 earnings at $1.14 EPS. Other analysts have also issued reports about the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Grifols SA, Barcelona from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday. Bank of America Corp began coverage on shares of Grifols SA, Barcelona in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. They issued a “buy” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Grifols SA, Barcelona from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. HSBC Holdings plc lowered shares of Grifols SA, Barcelona from a “hold” rating to a “reduce” rating in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc lowered shares of Grifols SA, Barcelona from a “conviction-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $19.00. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/equities-analysts-set-expectations-for-grifols-sa-barcelonas-q2-2017-earnings-grfs.html. Shares of Grifols SA, Barcelona (NASDAQ:GRFS) opened at 21.35 on Monday. The firm has a market cap of $28.61 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 47.82 and a beta of 1.12. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $19.53 and a 200-day moving average of $17.06. Grifols SA, Barcelona has a 52 week low of $14.27 and a 52 week high of $22.25. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in GRFS. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC increased its position in Grifols SA, Barcelona by 5.4% in the first quarter. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC now owns 643,696 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $12,150,000 after buying an additional 33,206 shares during the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its position in Grifols SA, Barcelona by 16.1% in the first quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 13,277 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $251,000 after buying an additional 1,839 shares during the last quarter. Denver Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in Grifols SA, Barcelona by 0.7% in the first quarter. Denver Investment Advisors LLC now owns 119,736 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $2,260,000 after buying an additional 824 shares during the last quarter. Karp Capital Management Corp acquired a new position in Grifols SA, Barcelona during the first quarter worth approximately $4,916,000. Finally, Teza Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in Grifols SA, Barcelona during the first quarter worth approximately $502,000. 20.42% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Receive News & Ratings for Grifols SA Barcelona Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grifols SA Barcelona and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fortis Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortis Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fortis Inc (FTS) Given New C$47.00 Price Target at CIBC Cardinal Energy Ltd (CJ) PT Lowered to C$10.00 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Earns Underweight Rating from Barclays PLC Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Primero Mining Corp Issued By Cormark (PPP) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Universal Display Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (OLED) Societe Generale SA (GLE) Given a €50.00 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Societe Generale SA (GLE) Given a €48.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (FME) Given a €90.00 Price Target by Independent Research GmbH Analysts Wendys Co (WEN) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Integer Holdings Co. (ITGR) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Intrepid Potash, Inc. (IPI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Brokers Set Expectations for RadiSys Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (RSYS) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Stoneridge, Inc. Decreased by Analyst (SRI) Square Inc to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.05) Per Share, William Blair Forecasts (SQ) Admiral Group plc (ADM) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Sierra Wireless, Inc. (SW) Price Target Increased to C$34.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Scotiabank Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Source Energy Services Ltd (SHLE) Urthecast Corp (UR) PT Lowered to C$3.25 Scotiabank Reiterates “Sector Perform” Rating for WestJet Airlines Ltd. (WJA) ARRIS International plc (ARRS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Fortis Inc (FTS) Given New C$47.00 Price Target at CIBC May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - CA - Finance Tweet Fortis Inc (TSE:FTS) had its price objective lowered by CIBC from C$48.00 to C$47.00 in a research note released on Wednesday. FTS has been the subject of a number of other reports. Scotiabank boosted their target price on Fortis from C$48.00 to C$49.00 and gave the company an outperform rating in a research note on Monday, April 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a neutral rating and issued a C$44.00 target price on shares of Fortis in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. cut Fortis from an outperform rating to a mkt perform rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. TD Securities reissued a buy rating and issued a C$48.00 target price on shares of Fortis in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reissued an outperform rating and issued a C$52.00 target price on shares of Fortis in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of C$48.10. Fortis (TSE:FTS) opened at 44.63 on Wednesday. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $44.16 and a 200-day moving average price of $42.33. The firm has a market cap of $18.57 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.23. Fortis has a 52-week low of $39.50 and a 52-week high of $45.13. WARNING: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/fortis-inc-fts-given-new-c47-00-price-target-at-cibc.html. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 19th will be paid a $0.40 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 17th. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.59%. About Fortis Fortis Inc is a Canada-based electric and gas utility holding company. The Company’s segments include Regulated Utilities and Non-Regulated Utilities. The Regulated Utilities segment includes Regulated Electric & Gas Utilities-the United States, which consists of ITC Holdings Corp. (ITC Holdings), UNS Energy Corporation and Central Hudson Gas & Electric Corporation (Central Hudson); Gas & Electric Utilities-Canadian, which consists of FortisAlberta Inc (FortisAlberta), FortisBC Energy Inc (FortisBC Energy), FortisBC Inc (FortisBC Electric) and Newfoundland Power Inc (Newfoundland Power); Electric Utilities-Caribbean, which includes its ownership interest in Caribbean Utilities Company, Ltd., Fortis Turks and Caicos, and its investment in Belize Electricity Limited. Receive News & Ratings for Fortis Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortis Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Energy Search Search WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: May 10 MusicThe Grammy Awards Will Move to New York After a Decade in Los Angeles PoliticsTrump Will Meet Russia’s Foreign Minister at the White House ChinaChinese Premier Sends Foxconn a Reminder After Its CEO Visits the White House A protester holds up sings as indigenous leaders and climate activists disrupt business at a Chase Bank branch in Seattle, Washington on May 8, 2017.  Jason Redmond—AFP/Getty Images Fortune 500 Anti-Pipeline Protesters Shut Down Chase Banks in Seattle Reuters May 09, 2017 Native American leaders and climate activists protested at several Chase branches in Seattle on Monday, forcing them to close temporarily as demonstrators demanded the bank not lend to projects like the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Police said 26 people were arrested by late afternoon. Activists said they disrupted operations at 11 Chase branches, and two other branches closed as well. Darcy Donahoe-Wilmot, a spokeswoman for Chase, which is a unit of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co (jpm), declined to comment. At a branch in downtown Seattle, about 50 protesters occupied the main lobby, where they made speeches, sang songs, held signs and banners and even ordered a tall stack of pizzas before police blocked the doors. At another Seattle branch, a handful of protesters went inside while two others locked themselves by their necks to the front doors with bicycle locks. "I have a personal responsibility to make sure we have a livable climate," said a protester who locked herself to the door and would only identify herself as 21-year-old Andrea from Olympia, Washington. Organizers of the protests aimed to dissuade Chase from lending to the companies behind two major oil infrastructure projects, the Keystone XL pipeline and Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion, and tar sands oil production in general. Protesters said they were fighting global warming. Keystone XL is a project of TransCanada Corp (trp) and Trans Mountain Pipeline is a project of Kinder Morgan (kmi). For more about the Keystone XL pipeline, watch Fortune's video: These efforts echo similar efforts with other banks as activists have shifted to targeting the financial backers of the pipelines rather than sites like the Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota, where thousands protested last year. Bank are more sensitive to bad publicity than the pipeline companies, said Seattle city council member Mike O'Brien, who participated in one of the protests on Monday. "It's a relatively small percentage of their overall portfolio," protest organizer Ahmed Gaya said of the banks' stakes in various oil and gas pipelines. "If you can make that very small part ... have a vastly disproportionate effect on their public image, that's very persuasive." In April, Citigroup (c) executives conceded they had approved investments in the Dakota pipeline too quickly after a noisy protest at its annual shareholder meeting, while Greenpeace activists protested Credit Suisse's dealings with companies behind the same pipeline. The previous month, Dutch bank ING Groep agreed to sell its $120 million share of a loan for the Dakota pipeline. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alstom SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alstom SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alstom SA (ALO) PT Set at €35.00 by S&P Global Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Enel S.p.A. (ENEL) PT Set at €5.40 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Nomura Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Coach Inc (COH) Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP) Downgraded by Robert W. Baird Korea Equity Fund Inc. (KEF) Sets New 12-Month High on Insider Buying Activity B2Gold Corp. (BTO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by TD Securities Ballard Power Systems’ (BLD) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at HC Wainwright TD Securities Reaffirms Hold Rating for Bombardier, Inc. (BBD.B) Allied Properties Real Estate Investment (AP.UN) Rating Increased to Outperform at National Bank Financial Alamos Gold Inc (AGI) Rating Increased to Buy at TD Securities Boingo Wireless Inc (WIFI) Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.15) Per Share Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) Lifted by Oppenheimer Holdings KeyCorp Weighs in on Wingstop Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (WING) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Willdan Group, Inc. (WLDN) Reduced by Seaport Global Securities $864.51 Million in Sales Expected for Ctrip.Com International Ltd (CTRP) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Expect Novadaq Technologies Inc. (NVDQ) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.22 Per Share $39.29 Million in Sales Expected for Brightcove Inc (BCOV) This Quarter $0.63 EPS Expected for HomeStreet Inc (HMST) This Quarter Capital Analysts LLC Sells 4,127 Shares of Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) Alstom SA (ALO) PT Set at €35.00 by S&P Global May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Alstom SA (EPA:ALO) has been assigned a €35.00 ($38.04) price target by investment analysts at S&P Global in a research report issued on Friday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts have also issued reports on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €28.30 ($30.76) price target on Alstom SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €28.00 ($30.43) price target on Alstom SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Alstom SA in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a €27.20 ($29.57) price target on Alstom SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, February 20th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of €28.91 ($31.42). Alstom SA (EPA:ALO) opened at 29.89 on Friday. Alstom SA has a one year low of €19.04 and a one year high of €29.98. The stock’s 50 day moving average is €27.96 and its 200 day moving average is €26.41. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/alstom-sa-alo-pt-set-at-35-00-by-sp-global.html. About Alstom SA Alstom SA (Alstom) offers rail transport equipment, systems, services and signaling for urban, suburban, regional and main line passenger transportation, as well as for freight transportation. The Company’s portfolio includes trains, signaling solutions, integrated systems (including infrastructure) and services. Receive News & Ratings for Alstom SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alstom SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Advert Wednesday, May 10, 2017 18°C [Forecast]   Sign in or Create your Account Sign in Use your timesofmalta.com account to login: Email: Password: Create your Account Need help signing in? Or Sign in with Facebook or Google Times of Malta Homepage Advert Premium articles Popular stories Digital Archive e-Paper Subscribe to Premium Timestalk News National World Social & Personal Education Interview Environment Gozo Pictures Religion Videos Odd News Sport Football Formula 1 Basketball Waterpolo Horse Racing Shooting Rugby Tennis Athletics Business News International Market Analysis Comment Technology Features Consumer Affairs Comment Editorial Opinion Letters Blogs Cartoons Life Health & Fitness Features Fashion & Beauty Homes Motoring Escape Arts & Entertainment Travel Food & Drink Books ARTE Classifieds Property For Sale Property Wanted To Let Vehicles For Sale Situations Vacant For Sale More » Careers Finance and Legal Management IT and Engineering Sales and Marketing Services Digital Archive e-Paper Book Store Sudoku Weather Letters to the editor Tuesday, May 9, 2017, 06:25 by Anjuli Davies and Andrew MacAskill, Reuters Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit The largest global banks in London plan to move about 9,000 jobs to the continent in the next two years, public statements and information from sources shows, as the exodus of finance jobs starts to take shape. Last week Standard Chartered and JPMorgan were the latest global banks to outline plans for their European operations after Brexit. They are among a growing number of lenders pushing ahead with plans to move operations from London. Thirteen major banks including Goldman Sachs, UBS, and Citigroup have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access to the European Union’s single market when Britain leaves the bloc. Talks with financial authorities in Europe have been under way for several months, but banks are increasingly firming up plans to move staff and operations. Although the moves would represent about two per cent of London’s finance jobs, Britain’s tax revenues could be hit if it loses rich taxpayers working in financial services. The exact number of jobs to leave will depend on the deal the British government strikes with the EU. Most banks are working on the assumption that the most likely outcome of the separation talks would involve losing access to the single market with no special financial services deal and notransition period. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners from the relocation plans. Six of the 13 banks favour opening a new office or moving the bulk their operations to Frankfurt. Three of the banks will look to expand in Dublin. « Global stocks, euro fall as traders cash in French election bets Details on Menqa concession at RFP stage » Advert See our Comments Policy Comments are submitted under the express understanding and condition that the editor may, and is authorised to, disclose any/all of the above personal information to any person or entity requesting the information for the purposes of legal action on grounds that such person or entity is aggrieved by any comment so submitted. Please allow some time for your comment to be moderated. Comments not loading? We recommend using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox with javascript turned on. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus   Advert Similar Stories Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from... Popular Stories UK insurer picks Luxembourg over Malta... Sanofi – an equity to consider for your... Macron to take time reforming economy in... France elects President as investors... EU pollutant limits threaten large coal... Chinese bank payment networks surge as... Money market report for the week ended May 5 Details on Menqa concession at RFP stage Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from... The Strickland Foundation Advert X Popup Times of Malta Premium This article is part of our premium content. You have exceeded your 10 free articles for this month. A subscription is required to access Times of Malta content from overseas. Register to get 10 free articles per month. Subscribe to gain access to our premium content and services. Your subscription will also enable you to view all of the week's e-paper editions (both Times of Malta and The Sunday Times of Malta), view exclusive content, have full access to our newspaper archive to download editions from 1930 to today, and access the website in full from overseas. All of this will also be available to you from our tablet and mobile apps. Already have an account? Sign in here. Subscribe to continue reading Send us your story | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Comments Policy | Print Ad Rate | Online Ad Rate | Contact us | Report a bug | Copyright © 2017 timesofmalta.com Copyright © Allied Newspapers Ltd., printed on - 10-05-2017 - Printed content is for personal use only, and should not be distributed
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Some Chase Branches in Seattle Closed by Protests Over Pipeline Loans ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Some Chase Branches in Seattle Closed by Protests Over Pipeline Loans Published May 09, 2017 Industries Reuters Facebook Twitter Print (REUTERS/David Ryder) Native American leaders and climate activists protested at several Chase branches in Seattle on Monday, forcing them to close temporarily as demonstrators demanded the bank not lend to projects like the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Continue Reading Below Police said 26 people were arrested by late afternoon. Activists said they disrupted operations at 11 Chase branches, and two other branches closed as well. Darcy Donahoe-Wilmot, a spokeswoman for Chase, which is a unit of JP Morgan Chase, declined to comment. At a branch in downtown Seattle, about 50 protesters occupied the main lobby, where they made speeches, sang songs, held signs and banners and even ordered a tall stack of pizzas before police blocked the doors. At another Seattle branch, a handful of protesters went inside while two others locked themselves by their necks to the front doors with bicycle locks. "I have a personal responsibility to make sure we have a livable climate," said a protester who locked herself to the door and would only identify herself as 21-year-old Andrea from Olympia, Washington. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Organizers of the protests aimed to dissuade Chase from lending to the companies behind two major oil infrastructure projects, the Keystone XL pipeline and Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion, and tar sands oil production in general. Protesters said they were fighting global warming. Keystone XL is a project of TransCanada and Trans Mountain Pipeline is a project of Kinder Morgan. These efforts echo similar efforts with other banks as activists have shifted to targeting the financial backers of the pipelines rather than sites like the Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota, where thousands protested last year. Bank are more sensitive to bad publicity than the pipeline companies, said Seattle city council member Mike O'Brien, who participated in one of the protests on Monday. "It's a relatively small percentage of their overall portfolio," protest organizer Ahmed Gaya said of the banks' stakes in various oil and gas pipelines. "If you can make that very small part ... have a vastly disproportionate effect on their public image, that's very persuasive." In April, Citigroup executives conceded they had approved investments in the Dakota pipeline too quickly after a noisy protest at its annual shareholder meeting, while Greenpeace activists protested Credit Suisse's dealings with companies behind the same pipeline. The previous month, Dutch bank ING Groep agreed to sell its $120 million share of a loan for the Dakota pipeline.   (Reporting by Tom James, Editing by Ben Klayman and Cynthia Osterman) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FedEx Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FedEx Co. (FDX) Rating Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc. Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. Everbridge Inc (EVBG) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS 5,882 Shares in InterDigital, Inc. (IDCC) Acquired by Ramsey Quantitative Systems 4,553 Shares in Fair Isaac Co. (FICO) Acquired by Ramsey Quantitative Systems RB Capital Management LLC Has $433,000 Stake in Leidos Holdings, Inc. (LDOS) RB Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Microsemi Co. (MSCC) Guaranty Bancorp (GBNK) is Patriot Financial Partners GP LP’s 2nd Largest Position Patriot Financial Partners GP LP Has $3,445,000 Stake in Porter Bancorp, Inc. (PBIB) Green Bancorp Inc (GNBC) Shares Bought by Patriot Financial Partners GP LP Versartis Inc (VSAR) Stake Held by NF Trinity Capital Hong Kong Ltd National Grid plc (NGG) Shares Sold by Allegis Investment Advisors LLC $4 Billion in Sales Expected for PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC) This Quarter CompX International Inc. (CIX) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results Destination Wealth Management Lowers Stake in Medical Properties Trust, Inc. (MPW) Montecito Bank & Trust Has $271,000 Stake in Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Montecito Bank & Trust Holds Stake in Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (CNK) Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC Purchases New Stake in Neustar Inc (NSR) Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC Sells 131 Shares of KB Home (KBH) Camarda Financial Advisors LLC Buys New Position in Chicago Bridge & Iron Company (CBI) FedEx Co. (FDX) Rating Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc. May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) was downgraded by equities research analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report released on Monday. They presently have a $195.86 price target on the shipping service provider’s stock. Vetr‘s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 2.49% from the stock’s current price. Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price objective on FedEx to $236.00 in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Deutsche Bank AG set a $209.00 price objective on FedEx and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, March 18th. Edward Jones upgraded FedEx from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, March 11th. Loop Capital initiated coverage on FedEx in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. They set a “buy” rating and a $234.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded FedEx from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eighteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $206.26. Shares of FedEx (NYSE:FDX) traded down 0.68% during trading on Monday, reaching $191.11. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,054,727 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average of $190.66 and a 200-day moving average of $188.74. FedEx has a 12-month low of $145.00 and a 12-month high of $201.57. The stock has a market cap of $51.10 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 27.17 and a beta of 1.14. FedEx (NYSE:FDX) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, March 21st. The shipping service provider reported $2.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.62 by $0.27. FedEx had a net margin of 3.35% and a return on equity of 22.02%. The company had revenue of $15 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $2.51 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 18.1% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that FedEx will post $11.93 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “FedEx Co. (FDX) Rating Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc.” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/fedex-co-fdx-rating-lowered-to-hold-at-vetr-inc.html. In other FedEx news, CEO Michael L. Ducker sold 12,899 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $193.88, for a total transaction of $2,500,858.12. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 61,779 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $11,977,712.52. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Shirley A. Jackson sold 6,145 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $193.12, for a total value of $1,186,722.40. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 10,646 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,055,955.52. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 195,598 shares of company stock worth $37,347,615 in the last ninety days. Insiders own 8.67% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in FDX. Alexandria Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of FedEx by 2.1% in the first quarter. Alexandria Capital LLC now owns 527 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock valued at $103,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the period. Pinnacle Bank bought a new stake in shares of FedEx during the first quarter valued at about $122,000. Adirondack Trust Co. boosted its stake in shares of FedEx by 1.5% in the first quarter. Adirondack Trust Co. now owns 662 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the period. Brick & Kyle Associates boosted its stake in shares of FedEx by 1.5% in the first quarter. Brick & Kyle Associates now owns 674 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock valued at $132,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the period. Finally, Ancora Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of FedEx during the fourth quarter valued at about $157,000. 75.22% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About FedEx FedEx Corporation (FedEx) provides a portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services through companies competing collectively, operating independently and managed collaboratively, under the FedEx brand. The Company’s segments include FedEx Express, TNT Express, FedEx Ground, FedEx Freight and FedEx Services. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for FedEx Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Federal Budget 2017 Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets Live Save Print License article Markets Live: Bank tax talk sparks $14b rout Patrick Commins and Jens Meyer 21 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More A softish trading update by CBA combined with talk of a new levy on banks sparked heavy selling in the major banks, dragging the ASX to a loss, as tonight's Federal Budget looms. Reluctant shoppers: retail spending slips again, missing market expectations of a modest rise CBA posts a small rise in third quarter cash profit but net interest margins continue to fall Shares in the big banks have been hit badly this month, with ANZ's 11% slide leading the way Iron ore's plunge continues, with spot prices now threatening to break through $US60 a tonne Wall Street's fear gauge, the VIX, slid overnight to its lowest level in nearly a quarter-century Sort posts by Newest Oldest 4:37pm on 9 May 2017 That's it for Markets Live today. Thanks for reading and your comments.        Have a great evening, watch out for pies, and see you all again tomorrow morning from 9. 4:37pm on 9 May 2017 Talk of a new tax on the big banks combined with an underwhelming CBA trading update to trigger a vicious selloff in the big four lenders on Tuesday, shaving nearly $14 billion off their market capitalisation. The S&P/ASX 200 fell 0.5 per cent to 5839.9, led by the banking sector, which suffered its worst day since last year's Brexit shock. All other sectors ended the day higher. Investors, already jittery after soggy earnings results from the major lenders, rushed to the exit as reports came in that the federal budget would include a new tax on their balance sheet liabilities, aiming to raise $6 billion over four years. "This represents around 5 per cent of the banking sector's profits," UBS banking analyst Jonathan Mott said. Earlier in the morning CBA posted underwhelming third-quarter figures, book-ending a week of updates that started with ANZ's disappointing earnings result last Tuesday. "CBA had a bad result in the morning and shares were pretty expensive to begin with," Regal Funds Management analyst Omkar Joshi said. The country's biggest retail bank was hit hardest on Tuesday, falling 3.9 per cent, its biggest slump since February last year, but the other three weren't far behind, with Westpac dropping 3.5 per cent, ANZ losing 2.6 per cent and NAB down 2.1 per cent. The past week of earnings results abruptly ended the April rally in the big banks, which had taken their shares to two-year highs. Since May 1, ANZ - which also went ex-dividend on Monday - has plunged 11.3 per cent, Westpac has lost 6.6 per cent, CBA has shed 6.4 per cent, and NAB has dropped 4.9 per cent as local and global investors took profits. "Offshore selling by big hedge funds, who see the stocks as highly priced, has also been a factor over the past week," Mr Joshi said. The heavy losses in the banks masked a broadly upbeat tone, which saw 136 stocks in the benchmark index closing higher. Telstra was among the biggest winners among blue chips, rising 2.3 per cent. But energy stocks also fared well, as did the big miners. BHP Billiton added 0.8 per cent, South 32 rose 1.5 per cent, Origin Energy gained 2.6 per cent and Santos closed up 2.2 per cent. Winners and losers in the ASX 200 today. Photo: Bloomberg 3:59pm on 9 May 2017 More on that new tax the Treasurer is allegedly planning to slap on the banks in tonight's budget (see post below). UBS analyst Jonathan Mott reckons, based on the AFR reports, that it could be equivalent to a 5 per cent hit on bank earnings per share. "It is unclear whether this tax will only apply to the major banks (most likely), include Macquarie (potentially) or also include the regionals (unlikely)," Mott says. He's talking a transaction, or Tobin, tax, while the AFR's latest is a tax on retained earnings. In any case, the banks "would be likely to pass [higher costs from a new impost] on to customers," Mott reckons: The Australian Banks have a very good track record of passing on higher funding costs, credit risks and other headwinds to customers. Although there is likely to be political pressure and further calls for a Royal Commission, we would expect the banks to pass a potential transaction tax onto borrowers. We believe the easiest way for the Banks to achieve this would be to reprice their mortgage books. To offset a $1.5bn headwind we estimate the Banks would need to reprice their variable mortgage books by 12- 15bp. Alternatively, the Banks could increase owner occupied mortgage rates by ~10bp and investment property loans by ~25bp (Interest Only loans by more). This would also help the Banks meet their lending caps imposed by APRA A brief history of Aussie mortgage debt. Photo: UBS 3:19pm on 9 May 2017 Looks like that bank levy we mentioned earlier is coming in today's budget: Australia's big four banks are bracing themselves for a new tax on balance sheet liabilities in the 2017 federal budget which is said to raise $6 billion over four years, the AFR's Tony Boyd is reporting: In a move reminiscent of Labor's mining tax, Treasurer Scott Morrison is planning to impose a tax on the aggregate liabilities of the major banks, according to banking sources. The sources said Treasury Secretary John Fraser will call the big four bank chief executives tonight at 6.30pm before Morrison delivers the bad news. The tax will come directly out of retained profits, which is of great concern to the banks because this is a source of capital for finance to small business. Morrison could defend the tax by pointing to the strong profitability of the big four which make about $30 billion. There are numerous ways of taxing banks. The most popular has been a financial transactions tax, also known as a Tobin tax in honour of a Nobel Prize winning economist James Tobin. Tobin taxes are in place in about a dozen countries including France, Hong Kong, South Africa, Italy and the United Kingdom. But Morrison has opted for the same system used in the United Kingdom. This is a tax on liabilities for banks which have aggregate liabilities in excess of £20 billion. The UK tax is being phased out from 0.21 per cent to zero over the next five years. Here's more at the AFR Losses in the big four have accelerated since this morning, with CBA down 3.5 per cent, on track for its biggest daily loss since February last year, Westpac off 3.2 per cent, ANZ losing 2.4 per cent and NAB down 2 per cent. Altogether, the big four have lost nearly $13 billion in value just today and more than $30 billion since the selloff started last Tuesday after ANZ posted underwhelming earnings. Will the budget bring a tax on bank liabilities? Photo: Paul Rovere 2:51pm on 9 May 2017 Retailer JB Hi-Fi was revealed as a short by Trafalgar Copley's David Copley at the Sohn Investment Conference's forum for up-and-coming hedge fund managers in New York overnight. Speaking at Next Wave Sohn, one of the world's flagship investment conferences for hedge fund ideas, Copley told the audience that he held a negative view on Australian property which includes Sydney and Melbourne - two of the world's six most expensive cities. The investor also proposed being short Mirvac and the New Zealand dollar. We believe there is a bubble in residential Australian housing supply, says David Copley of Trafalgar Copley. #Sohn2017— CNBC (@CNBC) May 8, 2017 According to one account of his presentation, Copley believes that JB Hi-Fi is vulnerable to the entry of Amazon in Australia and that its $870 million The Good Guys acquisition increases its exposure to housing. He also alluded to JB Hi-Fi's roll-out as being mature. According to ASIC short position data, 7.65 per cent of JB Hi-Fi's capital is held by short sellers and 1.53 per cent of Mirvac, as of May 2. JB Hi-Fi shares are down 13.6 per cent this year after Tuesday's 84¢ or 3.3 per cent fall to $24.24. It is one of a basket of domestic retailers that are under pressure since Amazon confirmed its Australian strategy including Myer, Metcash and Super Retail Group. Mirvac was unchanged at $2.29. Here's more at the AFR Shorting JB Hi-Fi was presented as an investment idea at the Next Wave Sohn conference in New York. Photo: Penny Stephens Back to top 2:24pm on 9 May 2017 The FT 's revered Lex column has taken a look at TPG's $2.2 billion offer for Fairfax, recommending management turn down the private equity firm's bid: Journalists see themselves as fearless seekers of truth. TPG, would-be owner of the Sydney Morning Herald, sees them as producers of clickbait for property listings. Shareholders in Fairfax Media, owner of Australia's oldest newspaper, should reject the private equity group's $2.2bn approach because it understates the value of key assets financially, rather than socially. The break-up bid is also an exercise in cherry-picking. The TPG-led consortium wants to buy Domain, an online property listings group, for 95 Aussie cents per Fairfax share in cash. Newspapers, including the Herald, would change hands too, partly because their online reach extends that of Domain. This would leave Fairfax investors owning a rump business whose assets include rural Aussie titles with net debt of some $125m. According to Fairfax, TPG attributes a value of 25-35 cents to this listed B-team. Some analysts think 15 cents would be closer. The lower estimate is consistent with the price of $1.09 at which Fairfax shares were trading yesterday. The cash offer, meanwhile, assigns an enterprise value of 15 times earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation to Domain and its journalistic appendages. That looks cheap, considering online property businesses such as Australia's REA and Zoopla of the UK trade at 25 times. TPG has shown intelligent opportunism in attempting to low-ball the board and shareholders of Fairfax. The group is embroiled in a strike with journalists over proposed job cuts. However, the very weakness of newspapers could mean Fairfax gets a better offer from within the industry. Consolidation is likely if Australia relaxes ownership rules to support the faltering industry. A defensive plan by Fairfax to demerge Domain could also deliver more for shareholders than TPG's approach. The bid belongs where old-fashioned editors once put all the news not worth printing: on a spike. TPG has approached Fairfax Media with an offer to purchase its metropolitan mastheads and property business Domain. Photo: Louie Douvis 2:08pm on 9 May 2017 The Australian dollar has hit a fresh four-month low after disappointing retail sales figures reinforced expectations of steady interest rates for months to come. The Aussie fell as low as US73.55¢ in the wake of the retail data, down 0.4 per cent on the day, and is currently fetching US73.61¢. Another wave of selling could hit the currency when European trading desks wake up around 4pm, AEST. Watching interesting support level on A$ this evening over Federal Budget. 50% of 2016/17 range and downtrend support both come in at 0.7331 pic.twitter.com/Sd5jJlTozd— Robert Rennie (@R0bertRennie) May 9, 2017 The weak data, however, barely changed expectations of a steady rate outlook with interbank futures showing almost no chance of a move this year. "The annual rate of retailing values stands near levels not seen since 2013 when the RBA was in the midst of a rate-cutting cycle," St George chief economist Besa Deda said. "This time round, weak retailing growth is unlikely to lead the RBA to slice the cash rate in the near term ... because it is cognisant of the risks from rising household debt levels." In other words, the RBA is worried a lower cash rate could prompt households already indebted to the tilt to take on even more debt. The Aussie is down 1.7 per cent so far this month, largely due to retreating iron ore prices. The most-traded iron ore on the Dalian Commodity Exchange is down another 2 per cent, below 460 yuan a tonne and nearing January lows. Meanwhile, the pound popped above $1.7600, the highest since September last year. A break above $1.7797 would open a test of the symbolic $2.00 last seen nearly one year ago. 1:43pm on 9 May 2017 Should investors be worried that the recent slump in commodities prices might indicate the next global economic downturn? HSBC chief economist Paul Bloxham asks. Since mid-April, the prices of oil, iron ore and copper are down -12 per cent, -17 per cent and -4 per cent, respectively, although they are still well above their early-2016 troughs. It's too early to really tell if the slump is the sign of something more serious, but Bloxham says there are good reasons on the supply side to believe that the price falls are not signalling a sharp fall in demand: For oil, the main story is that higher prices are bringing US shale producers back to life and that there could be global oversupply, not weak demand Iron ore supply is also ramping up and, so much so, that the decline in iron ore prices was widely anticipated With copper, the ending of strikes at the world's largest copper mine in Chile is set to boost copper supply, so, again, it is not necessarily a demand story  Bloxham says the slump in metals prices is really more a China story than anything else, considering the country consumes more than half of global supply. "We concede that it may very well be the case that the metal price decline is signalling that China's growth will slow in coming quarters." But this has been widely expected, he says. HSBC's China economists are forecasting that China's growth peaked in Q1 at 6.9 per cent and will ease through the year to 6.6 per cent by Q4. "At these rates, China's growth is still pretty hefty," he says, adding "The expected shift in the composition of China's growth away from metal-intensive housing investment is also consistent with some pullback in metals prices." 1:37pm on 9 May 2017 Pie face day. Here's the historical view: The Bill Gates pie-in-the-face is widely regarded by experts to be the greatest CEO pieing. pic.twitter.com/YjqWHxvfZu— John McDuling (@jmcduling) May 9, 2017 1:27pm on 9 May 2017 "The retail sector is verging on recession", says Citi economist Josh Williamson. In a note that lobbed into our inboxes just after that last post, Williamson points out that "retail trade growth has now been negative in three out of the last four months (no growth per month on average), the sector's worst performance since July to November 2012". The March data pre-date APRA's announcement at the end of March to tighten lending conditions, which has seen lending rates rise, especially for investors and interest-only borrowers, and our bank analysts expect some further rises. This will add to the downward pressures on the consumer. This is why we downgraded our outlook for consumer spending to flat line at slightly below trend both this year and next. The data place some near term downside risk to the RBA's view that household consumption will increase at a rate slightly above the average since the GFC. But as there are no economics related speeches by RBA officials ahead of the next board meeting on June 6 we can't gauge the Bank's reaction. Furthermore, the weaker retail data wasn't hinted at in yesterday's business confidence and conditions data that showed an improvement in March and April and which the RBA considers valuable. In the meantime, investors should look to the wage cost index data on May 17 and Labour Force on May 18.   Building approvals suggest the best is past for retail sales, Citi says. Photo: Citi Back to top 1:12pm on 9 May 2017 This morning's poor retail sales figures will "add to growing concerns about the health of the household sector", Capital Economics economist Kate Hickie writes: In particular, the much weaker than expected rise in real retail sales in the first quarter suggests that real consumption growth eased notably last quarter. Nominal retail sales fell outright for the second consecutive month in March. This is a very rare occurrence (it has been seven years since it last happened) and means that there wasn't any momentum in retail spending going into the second quarter.  The sales data were "unequivocally weak", and suggest "not every cloud has a silver lining," JP Morgan's Tom Kennedy says: This is a material deceleration from the prior quarter, which was also revised down two tenths to 0.7% q/q, and confirms our sense that the pace of household consumption recorded late last year was facilitated by a sharp drop in the saving rate, and was unsustainable. While the retail sales and national accounts data are not perfectly aligned (retail sales has a narrower scope, even within goods spending), today's print creates some downside risk to 1Q household consumption. Barclays economist Rahul Bajoria also highlights how the weak consumption growth implied by retail sales data could weigh on Q1 GDP: The bounce higher in consumption in Q4 appears to be an aberration, and in Q1, we think consumption GDP growth is likely to slow, as evident from the weakness in real retail sales for Q1 17. Real retail sales fell to 0.1% q/q growth, the weakest print in 11 quarters, and may only show a modest recovery going into Q2, in our view. We also believe that the improvement in employment may take time to spill over into consumption growth, as higher corporate profitability will likely only gradually spill into wages. RBC Capital's Michael Turner writes: The weakness in spending over Q1 is somewhat surprising given that i) household wealth grew further over H2'16 given the rise in residential property prices and ii) the labour market added 130k jobs over Q4 and Q1.  To be sure, we have long held a below-trend consumption profile in our numbers.  However, we had expected a gradual slowdown over 2017 as a slower housing market and consolidation of household balance sheets helped the savings rate stabilise, leaving spending growth closer to (weak) income growth. The lack of momentum in household spending already apparent to start the year leaves a heightened focus on incoming data on consumption. Finally, ANZ's Jo Masters writes: The recent speech by RBA Governor Lowe highlighted the Bank's growing concern about the vulnerability of the economy to shocks to the household sector given the high level of indebtedness. In line with this concern we have argued in earlier research that the household saving rate is likely to have risen in Q1. The soft retail sales data is consistent with this. Photo: JP Morgan 12:59pm on 9 May 2017 With interest-only loans comprising 50 per cent of its mortgage book, is Westpac "the most exposed bank to the Australian housing bubble"? That's the question being asked by UBS's straight-talkin' banking analyst Jonathan Mott, who has downgraded Westpac shares to "neutral" in a note titled "Nowhere to run". "For the first time Westpac [WBC] disclosed its exposure to interest-only (IO) lending, which contributes 50% of its mortgage book and 46% of 1H17 flows," Mott writes in a note to clients. "This compares to ~40% for the system. While WBC indicated that IO mortgage applications have recently fallen to the mid-30s, there is still a long way to go for WBC to get below APRA's 30% cap (we expect banks will need to target 20-25% to allow a buffer)." The analyst's 12-month share price target has dropped to $32.50 from $33.50. The stock last fetched $33.19. All that said, Mott described Westpac's capital build as "strong". And the call is a neutral, rather than negative one, belying the dramatic headline. A couple of weeks ago UBS economists rang the bell on the housing construction boom, saying that new housing starts will fade next year and that property price growth is set to "moderate" from here. Mott picks up on that theme, writing: We expect the housing market to slow sharply as APRA's macro-prudential changes come into effect. We see risks to household cash flows as banks reprice their books and borrowers face ~30% increase in repayments as they move from IO to principal & interest. We have been supporters of Westpac and continue to see it as a well-managed, conservative organisation. However, with the stock having rallied to 14.1x 18E P/E and a more challenging outlook for the banks and the housing market, we have moved our rating back to neutral. We expect the revenue outlook to remain challenging over coming years as credit growth slows.  While some [net interest margin] expansion is likely near term, this is likely to be offset by a normalisation in credit charges from low levels. Mott is on a bit of a roll: yesterday he downgraded Macquarie to neutral. Westpac CEO Brian Hartzer. Photo: Michele Mossop 12:40pm on 9 May 2017 James Packer's Crown Resorts has ended its 12-year adventure in Macau, selling the remainder of its stake in Melco Crown Entertainment for $1.34 billion. Crown formally announced the sale this morning, and said the proceeds from the sale of the 11.2 per cent stake would "initially be used" to reduce debt. The sell-down is the final part of Crown's exit from Melco; in December 2014 it sold a 13.4 per cent stake in Melco, raising $1.6 billion. Crown will also formally end its joint venture with Melco and its chief executive, gambling scion Lawerence Ho. In a statement Mr Ho described Melco's tie up with Crown as "the world's most successful global gaming partnership" and thanked Mr Crown for being a great friend and partner for the past decade". Importantly, the end of the joint venture means Melco and Crown will now pursue separate proposals to build casinos in the newly opened market of Japan. "Despite our positive history with Crown, I made the strategic decision to terminate the joint venture arrangement and allow Melco to pursue Japan alone," Mr Ho said. Japan is seen as a trophy for casino operators around the world, given its proximity to China, its wealthy population and its stable regulatory environment. By contrast, Macau casino operators have been caught up in a broader corruption crackdown driven by Chinese authorities. Just hours before Crown announced its sales, Macau authorities announced they will require facial recognition and identification card checks at ATMs before Chinese UnionPay cardholders can withdraw cash. The measure is aimed at further curbing money laundering in the world's largest casino hub. In November last year, 18 Crown staff were detained in China amid a further crackdown on wealthy gamblers. Crown paid a special dividend to investors following its December Melco selldown, but it is unclear whether this will repeated with the latest deal. Crown shares are up 1 per cent at $12.63. James Packer's Crown Resorts has ended its 12 year adventure in Macau. Photo: MN Chan 12:21pm on 9 May 2017 And here are some responses from the Twitterati to this morning's disappointing retail sales data:   Soft retail sales in AU, -0.1%mom but more importantly up just 0.1%qoq in real terms - creates potential downside for Q1 GDP growth #ausbiz— Alex Joiner (@IFM_Economist) May 9, 2017 Annual growth has eased in every industry besides food. Cafes & restaurants still elevated, while department stores struggle #ausbiz pic.twitter.com/ifnB0jX2NK— Callam Pickering (@CallamPickering) May 9, 2017 Aus Mar retail sales -0.1%mom after -0.2%. Q1 real retail sales just +0.1%mom. =>weak Q1 GDP. No chance RBA rate hike here..adds to cut risk— Shane Oliver (@ShaneOliverAMP) May 9, 2017 Strip out the population ponzi and Oz retail sales volumes are going backwards. #ausecon pic.twitter.com/8DQ9MhFTid— Justin Fabo (@justinfabo) May 9, 2017   12:08pm on 9 May 2017 A surprise 0.1 per cent monthly fall in retail sales over March has sent the Aussie lower, with annual growth in retail turnover dropping to 2.1 per cent, its weakest in nearly four years. The figure is well off the consensus economist prediction for sales to expand by 0.3 per cent over the month. Currency traders reacted swiftly to the miss, sending the Aussie lower by a quarter of a penny on the release. It last fetched 73.7 US cents. Over the March quarter, and after stripping out price effects, turnover rose 0.1 per cent in the March quarter 2017, following a rise of 0.7 per cent in the December quarter 2016, the ABS reports. The main contributors to this rise were food retailing (0.6 per cent), household goods retailing (0.4 per cent) and other retailing (0.4 per cent). "Inclement weather was expected to restrain sales with the March month featuring abnormally wet conditions over the major eastern states and Cyclone Debbie impacting Qld and parts of NSW late in the month," Westpac economist Matthew Hassan said. "That impact looks to have been more substantive, retail sales fell 1.3 per cent in Queensland. Sales across the rest of Australia rose 0.2 per cent over the month." Back to top 11:48am on 9 May 2017 We interrupt this blog for an important message: Qantas boss Alan Joyce has had a pie shoved in his face while speaking at a business breakfast in Perth. Joyce was the keynote speaker at a West Business Leadership Matters event at the Hyatt Regency this morning when a man appeared on stage with a pie, according to the ABC. The man, reportedly in his 60s, then grabbed the Qantas CEO before shoving the pie in his face and casually walking off stage. Qantas boss Alan Joyce copped a cream pie in the face during a talk at a leadership breakfast in Perth. Report in 7 News at 6pm. pic.twitter.com/P6zsOTOW9X— 7 News Adelaide (@7NewsAdelaide) May 9, 2017 It's not clear why Joyce became victim of a pie attack but apparently he dealt with it very well, leaving the stage to get cleaned up and returning a few minutes later to continue his speech. The attacker seems unlikely to be a Qantas shareholder, as he'd have little to complain about: the stock has hit a fresh nine-year high today of $4.72, up 1.3 per cent for the session and a whopping 41 per cent since the start of the year. Investors have been cheering strong earnings growth and last week's trading update showed the airline is on track for its second-best profit ever. And Credit Suisse reckons the shares could even rise to $7.00 if the airline achieves its longer-term targets of a 10%-plus return on invested capital through financial year 2020, and loyalty pre-tax earnings to hit $500 million by 2022. "These are tough but potentially achievable targets, with strong management execution and limited adverse market conditions (ie, fuel spikes, new entrants, economic/political crises...), " said analyst Paul Butler. We say, Joyce clearly deserves cake. Can't have been a disgruntled shareholder: Qantas hit a nine-year high today. Photo: Quentin Jones 11:09am on 9 May 2017 Reports of a new levy on banks in today's budget have spooked investors, accelerating the May selloff in the sector. It didn't help that CBA's trading update this morning came in on the softer side of expectations. Cash earnings for the quarter were $2.4 billion which was slightly weaker than consensus expectations of $2.45 billion, but on an underlying profits basis, the result was about 6 per cent below consensus expectations which Regal analyst Omkar Joshi says  highlights the weak revenue environment the banks are in. "Overall, the result was slightly weaker than expectations but the composition was also soft," Joshi says. Shares of the big four are all down around 2 per cent for the day, with CBA's 2.6 per cent drop leading the way. Bank shares have been under pressure ever since ANZ released disappointing numbers last Tuesday, retreating from multi-year highs hit just the day before. ANZ is leading the sector's decline, plunging 11 per cent since May 1 - a fall of greater than 10 per cent is deemed a 'correction' - while the other big banks are down around 5.5 per cent since then. It's worth noting, though, that ANZ went ex-dividend yesterday, which in itself accounts for 80¢ of the $3.70 drop. Altogether, the big four banks have lost around $30 billion in value in just one week of trading. Even the smaller banks are deep in the red this month, with Bank of Queensland down 3.9 per cent and Bendigo and Adelaide Bank losing 4.6 per cent. Macquarie is holding up better, thanks to last week's strong annual result, but shares are still down 2.2 per cent since May 1. The government is believed to be considering a levy on the big four banks as part of today's budget, Sky News Business reported late yesterday. The proposed levy would not touch the savings of normal Australians, Sky said, but target the hundreds of millions in institutional loans the big four banks make to each other. "However (the levy) is described it will represent an additional tax or fee and the market is likely to be nervous about this prospect until they get details of what might be involved and what capacity of banks might have to pass this cost on to customers," said CMC chief market analyst Ric Spooner. The tax talk came after Treasurer Scott Morrison signalled yesterday that the budget would target the major banks on a range of measures, announcing a Productivity Commission inquiry into competition in the financial services sector. In an interview with the AFR, Morrison said despite some competitive advances driven by innovation and technology, the major banks had grown more powerful since the Global Financial Crisis. "There should be no denying that there has been an increased consolidation of the position of the major banks," he said. 10:59am on 9 May 2017 We mentioned below that "implied" or "expected" volatility on the S&P 500 index, as per the Vix, is at its lowest since 1993. But actual volatility is also at multi-decade lows on both sides of the Atlantic, the FT reports. The realised 90-day volatility of the S&P 500 index has fallen to just 6.7 per cent, which makes this the most tranquil market since 1995, while realised European stock market volatility is near its lowest level since 1990. "It's quite something," said John Vail, chief global strategist at Nikko Asset Management. "It seems we're in a goldilocks environment right now. But it's quite surprising that with all the uncertainty in the world that Vix would be so low." "The more volatility gets compressed, the more volatility expands when it is released," said Nigol Koulajian, the chief investment officer of hedge fund Quest Partners. "When something happens, it's going to be really bad . . . Volatility has become completely useless as a measure of risk." 90-day realised equity volatility has also vaporised on the US (SPX) and European (E300) sharemarkets. Photo: FT 10:30am on 9 May 2017 A reasonably balanced sharemarket performance has been overwhelmed by heavy selling in the big banks and miners, after CBA's quarterly update fails to spark interest in the sector. The ASX 200 is off 39 points or 0.7 per cent at 5832, with as many stocks higher as there are lower. CBA is down 2.3 per cent, Westpac 2 per cent, ANZ 1.8 per cent and NAB 1.4 per cent. Macquarie has dropped 1.9 per cent. Resources stocks are also lower, with BHP down 0.3 per cent, Rio 0.6 per cent and Fortescue 2.2 per cent. Woodside is up 0.3 per cent, pacing gains in the energy sector and the oil price. Santos is up 0.7 per cent. Industrials are doing well as investors turn away from the major mining and banking sectors. Brambles is up 0.7 per cent and Aurizon 0.6 per cent, while Computershare has added 0.7 per cent. Retail stocks are getting beat up again this morning after yesterday's plunge in Myer after a broker slashed their earnings expectations ahead of the department store's quarterly trading update on Friday.  Myer is steady, but Harvey Norman is down 3.9 per cent and JB Hi-Fi has dropped 3.7 per cent. Retail sales data from the ABS is due today. Winners and losers in the ASX 200 this morning. Photo: Bloomberg 10:13am on 9 May 2017 DoubleLine Capital's Jeffrey Gundlach recommends shorting the S&P 500 index and going long on emerging market stocks despite conventional wisdom that raising US rates will lead to a stronger greenback. Specifically, Gundlach recommended wagering long on the iShares MSCI Emerging Markets exchange-traded fund and betting against the SPDR S&P 500 ETF. He also said it's a myth that the Federal Reserve raising rates necessarily leads to a stronger US dollar. "What the heck, let's have some fun," Gundlach, chief investment officer of DoubleLine Capital said overnight at the Sohn Investment Conference in New York. "Let's leverage it one time." At last year's conference, Gundlach recommended a pair trade, going long on a mortgage REIT ETF while shorting a utilities sector ETF. After covering the cost of one turn of leverage, the trade yielded 40 per cent in the year through Friday. This year's bet is a relative value play and not a forecast that the S&P 500 will fall, Gundlach said. "For about a year and a half now, there's been no outperformance of the S&P 500, but rather the emerging markets had been competing well and now they're outperforming year to date," Gundlach said during his Sohn presentation Monday. Gundlach is primarily a bond investor. On a May 2 webcast, he advised sticking with gold and emerging-market debt while warning the stock market may face a correction and oil prices are likely to fall. Short US stocks, long EM: Jeffrey Gundlach. Photo: Michael Nagle Back to top Search pagination Current page Live Article Posts1 Next Live Article Posts2 Share via Email Post on facebook wall Share on Google Plus Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit 1 new post(s) available. View post(s) Dismiss Advertisement 184 comments Comment are now closed Sort comments by Oldest Newest HuffPost Australia Here's How The Welfare Drug Tests Will ... Contains: External link Miguel McKelvey On How WeWork Went From ... Contains: External link Most Popular Winners and losers: public service Who fell for the big infrastructure con job? Doctors split over Turnbull's health budget KFC fined $100,000 over teen's burns No 'magic pudding': Banks warn levy will hit customers Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Winners and losers: public service Budget 2017: Your five-minute guide Budget 2017: winners and losers Defence boosts staffing, takes razor to private sector spending Who fell for the big infrastructure con job? Canberra Times Tigerair's $1 flights between Melbourne and Canberra nearly sold out Winners and losers: public service Wednesday is Connie Johnson's last hurrah 'I've never felt so much love': Canberra gets behind Connie's last hurrah Budget 2017: Your five-minute guide The Sydney Morning Herald Budget 2017: winners and losers Donald Trump fires FBI director James Comey Jakarta's Christian Governor Ahok jailed for two years for blasphemy Morrison's fresh start budget comes with fresh pain Budget 2017: Your five-minute guide The Age Budget 2017: Your five-minute guide Donald Trump fires FBI director James Comey Budget 2017: winners and losers Victoria shortchanged in $75b infrastructure spending spree Budget changes are a cruel hoax on first home buyers Brisbane Times Treating our dogs like our children is bad for everyone Council and state government battle over Brisbane 'mega suburb' King George Square slammed as a $28m 'stuff-up' Man in custody after woman bashed at Airbnb in Brisbane Budget 2017: winners and losers WA Today Perth drug dealer's body 'thrown into the ocean after murder': court SAT finds Lisa Scaffidi guilty of 45 serious breaches of Local Government Act Vaginal mesh implant destroyed my life: Perth mum speaks out Qantas boss hit with pie over gay marriage 'propaganda' 'Do the right thing and step down': McGowan hits out at Lord Mayor Scaffidi Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman TPI Composites, Inc. Provides Update on Potential Secondary Offering of Common Stock /EIN News/ — SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., May 08, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — TPI Composites, Inc., (“TPI”) (Nasdaq:TPIC), the largest U.S.-based independent manufacturer of composite wind blades, provided an update today on the status of the potential secondary public offering of shares of common stock of the Company by certain selling stockholders.  The Company reported today that the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) has engaged in a limited review of certain offering-related disclosures and exhibits contained in the registration statement on Form S-1 for the potential offering, and the Company has been working with the Staff of the SEC in this process.  The Company reported that it is also concurrently updating the registration statement on Form S-1 to include the Company’s unaudited interim consolidated financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2017.  The Company reported that the potential selling stockholders and the Company will continue to evaluate prevailing market conditions in determining if and when to launch any potential offering. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the SEC but has not yet become effective.  These securities may not be sold nor may offers to buy these securities be accepted prior to the time the registration statement becomes effective.  This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described above, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the potential offering.  Cowen and Company, LLC, Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and Canaccord Genuity Inc. are acting as co-managers.  The potential offering will be made only by means of a prospectus.  When available, copies of the preliminary prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains certain forward-looking statements, including statements with regard to TPI’s potential securities offering. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward looking statements because they contain words such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “expects”, “plans”, “anticipates”, “could”, “intends”, “target”, “projects”, “contemplates”, “believes”, “estimates”, “predicts”, “potential” or “continue” or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. The consummation of the potential securities offering and the terms thereof are subject to numerous factors, many of which are beyond the control of TPI, including, without limitation, market conditions, failure of closing conditions and risks and other matters set forth in TPI’s filings with the SEC. You should not place undue reliance upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. TPI has based the forward-looking statements contained in this press release on its current expectations and projections about future events and trends that it believes may affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. TPI cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made in this press release relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. TPI undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by law. About TPI Composites, Inc. TPI Composites, Inc. is the largest U.S.-based independent manufacturer of composite wind blades for the wind energy market. TPI delivers high-quality, cost-effective composite solutions through long term relationships with leading wind turbine manufacturers. TPI is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona and operates factories throughout the U.S., China, Mexico, and Turkey. 
Investor Contact:
                    investors@tpicomposites.com
                    480-315-8742
 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Gladstone Investment Corporation Announces Common Stock Offering Next PostNext MCBC Holdings, Inc. Appoints W. Patrick Battle to Board of Directors Search Recent Posts Investment Capital Real Estate Completes Sale of a 59 Unit Multi-family Asset in Corona, CA Dance Safari Show Returns at the Colony Theater on Sunday June 4th, Your Perfect Afternoon for Your Children and Entire Family! Global Attendance Machine Market to Record an Impressive Growth By 2021 CorAnet Corp. One of 50 Women-Owned Businesses Recognized for Strong Business Growth FreeKaaMaal Adds Behrouz Biryani Coupons to its website RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
