Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ITT Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ITT Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Idera Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IDRA) Short Interest Update Analysts Anticipate Reis, Inc (REIS) to Announce $0.04 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Set $39.50 Target Price for Home Bancorp, Inc. (HBCP) BancFirst Corporation (BANF) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts DXP Enterprises, Inc. (DXPE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Equities Analysts Set Expectations for American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc.’s FY2016 Earnings (AXL) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Regency Centers Corporation’s FY2016 Earnings (REG) Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd SJW Corporation (SJW) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) NeuroMetrix, Inc. (NURO) Sees Large Volume Increase Following Earnings Beat Brokerages Expect Sparton Corporation (SPA) to Post $0.25 Earnings Per Share Park Electrochemical Corporation (PKE) Given $21.50 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Zacks: Analysts Set $42.00 Price Target for Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (AGM) Research Analysts Set Expectations for Parsley Energy, Inc.’s FY2016 Earnings (PE) Home Bancorp, Inc. (HBCP) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.13 on February 17th Dominion Midstream Partners, LP (DM) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd LegacyTexas Financial Group, Inc. (LTXB) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.15 on February 17th Citigroup Inc. (C) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd First Financial Northwest, Inc. (FFNW) Given $17.38 Average Price Target by Brokerages EULAV Asset Management Cuts Position in ITT Inc. (ITT) January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet EULAV Asset Management decreased its position in ITT Inc. (NYSE:ITT) by 18.0% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 73,000 shares of the company’s stock after selling 16,000 shares during the period. EULAV Asset Management’s holdings in ITT were worth $2,616,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of ITT. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of ITT by 16.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 305,795 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,960,000 after buying an additional 42,393 shares during the period. Quantbot Technologies LP acquired a new stake in ITT during the third quarter valued at about $159,000. Neuberger Berman Group LLC boosted its stake in ITT by 1.2% in the second quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 467,578 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,953,000 after buying an additional 5,486 shares during the period. Albert D Mason Inc. boosted its stake in ITT by 68.1% in the third quarter. Albert D Mason Inc. now owns 85,572 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,067,000 after buying an additional 34,663 shares during the period. Finally, Nuance Investments LLC boosted its stake in ITT by 17.8% in the third quarter. Nuance Investments LLC now owns 147,768 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,296,000 after buying an additional 22,352 shares during the period. 89.53% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of ITT Inc. (NYSE:ITT) traded up 0.45% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $42.24. The stock had a trading volume of 398,133 shares. ITT Inc. has a one year low of $29.15 and a one year high of $43.07. The company has a market cap of $3.73 billion, a PE ratio of 19.37 and a beta of 1.43. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $40.69 and its 200-day moving average price is $36.15. ITT (NYSE:ITT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, November 4th. The company reported $0.58 EPS for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.58. The business had revenue of $582 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $582.12 million. ITT had a net margin of 7.93% and a return on equity of 15.41%. ITT’s revenue was down 3.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.63 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that ITT Inc. will post $2.26 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, December 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 9th were given a dividend of $0.124 per share. This represents a $0.50 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.17%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, December 7th. ITT’s dividend payout ratio is 22.94%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/eulav-asset-management-cuts-position-in-itt-inc-itt.html. Several research firms have recently issued reports on ITT. Bank of America Corporation upgraded ITT from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, January 9th. Aegis began coverage on ITT in a report on Friday, December 2nd. They set a “buy” rating and a $47.00 price objective on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded ITT from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, November 18th. Barclays PLC reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of ITT in a report on Monday, November 7th. Finally, KeyCorp upgraded ITT from a “sector weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $40.00 target price on the stock in a report on Monday, November 7th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $41.38. In other ITT news, insider Aris C. Chicles sold 30,570 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, December 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $41.02, for a total transaction of $1,253,981.40. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 70,470 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,890,679.40. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, VP Thomas M. Scalera sold 9,310 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $38.00, for a total transaction of $353,780.00. Following the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 60,807 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,310,666. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 1.60% of the company’s stock. About ITT ITT Corporation (ITT) is a diversified manufacturer of engineered critical components and technology solutions for industrial markets. The Company’s product and service offerings are organized in four segments: Industrial Process, Motion Technologies, Interconnect Solutions and Control Technologies. Industrial Process manufactures engineered fluid process equipment, and is a provider of plant optimization, solutions and aftermarket services and parts. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ITT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for ITT Inc. (NYSE:ITT). Receive News & Ratings for ITT Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ITT Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Apple Inc. (AAPL) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy Analysts Expect Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc. (UBA) to Announce $0.33 EPS Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Position Maintained by Osborn Williams & Donohoe LLC Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires New Position in FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) 719,589 Shares in Genesee & Wyoming, Inc. (GWR) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Russell Investments Group Ltd. Buys Shares of 488,716 Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Sophiris Bio, Inc. (SPHS) Given $6.33 Average Target Price by Brokerages 3,374 Shares in Wintrust Financial Corporation (WTFC) Acquired by Wrapmanager Inc. Ambev S.A. (ABEV) Shares Sold by Wrapmanager Inc. ACI Worldwide, Inc. (ACIW) Shares Bought by Wrapmanager Inc. 4,762 Shares in Simpson Manufacturing Company, Inc. (SSD) Acquired by Wrapmanager Inc. Arista Networks, Inc. (ANET) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at DA Davidson Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates Overweight Rating for Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (JAZZ) AU Optronics Corp (AUO) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) Price Target Raised to $125.00 at HSBC Holdings plc Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company BT Group PLC (BT) Upgraded to Neutral by Macquarie Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MACK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Mar Vista Investment Partners LLC Has $97,900,000 Stake in Mettler-Toledo International, Inc. (MTD) Brookfield Asset Management Inc (BAM) Position Increased by Capital Advisors Inc. OK Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. (CPS) Stake Increased by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. (NYSE:CPS) by 17.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 102,035 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 15,140 shares during the period. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC owned approximately 0.58% of Cooper-Standard Holdings worth $10,081,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Cooper-Standard Holdings by 214.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,149,618 shares of the company’s stock valued at $113,582,000 after buying an additional 784,553 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Cooper-Standard Holdings by 731,852.4% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 307,420 shares of the company’s stock valued at $24,283,000 after buying an additional 307,378 shares during the last quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Cooper-Standard Holdings by 173.5% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 483,627 shares of the company’s stock valued at $47,782,000 after buying an additional 306,813 shares during the last quarter. Numeric Investors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Cooper-Standard Holdings by 285.3% in the second quarter. Numeric Investors LLC now owns 389,491 shares of the company’s stock valued at $30,766,000 after buying an additional 288,391 shares during the last quarter. Finally, LSV Asset Management boosted its stake in shares of Cooper-Standard Holdings by 56.7% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 618,208 shares of the company’s stock valued at $61,078,000 after buying an additional 223,808 shares during the last quarter. 96.58% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. (NYSE:CPS) opened at 105.71 on Monday. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.87 billion, a PE ratio of 15.24 and a beta of 0.71. Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. has a 52-week low of $63.01 and a 52-week high of $109.81. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $102.61 and its 200 day moving average is $95.62. Cooper-Standard Holdings (NYSE:CPS) last announced its earnings results on Monday, October 31st. The company reported $2.48 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.40 by $0.08. Cooper-Standard Holdings had a net margin of 3.75% and a return on equity of 30.67%. The company had revenue of $855.70 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $828.18 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $2.23 earnings per share. Cooper-Standard Holdings’s quarterly revenue was up 3.4% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. will post $10.33 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. (CPS) Stake Increased by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/cooper-standard-holdings-inc-cps-stake-increased-by-tiaa-cref-investment-management-llc.html. Several research analysts have issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Cooper-Standard Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Friday. Buckingham Research upgraded shares of Cooper-Standard Holdings from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $125.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Roth Capital set a $115.00 price target on shares of Cooper-Standard Holdings and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Sunday, September 18th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $99.00 price target (up previously from $94.00) on shares of Cooper-Standard Holdings in a research report on Saturday, October 8th. Finally, Jefferies Group lowered shares of Cooper-Standard Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $105.00 price target on the stock. in a research report on Wednesday, October 19th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. Cooper-Standard Holdings has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $111.50. In related news, insider Hill Advisors Genpar L.P. Oak sold 19,334 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $90.21, for a total value of $1,744,120.14. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, SVP William Pumphrey sold 7,351 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, December 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $96.27, for a total transaction of $707,680.77. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 39,837 shares in the company, valued at $3,835,107.99. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 3.90% of the company’s stock. About Cooper-Standard Holdings Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, manufactures sealing, fuel and brake delivery, fluid transfer and anti-vibration systems components for use in passenger vehicles and light trucks. The Company operates through four segments, which include North America, Europe, South America and Asia Pacific. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CPS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. (NYSE:CPS). Receive News & Ratings for Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Sunday, January 29, 2017 5:08 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 29°C, Thunderstorm MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money JPMorgan upgrades Indonesian stocks to ‘neutral’ after row Monday January 16, 2017 06:56 PM GMT+8 ICYMI DAP MP: Will Malaysia condemn Trump’s Muslim ban? Serena motivated to win more grand slam titles The Edit: Five new digital publishing apps Mexico criticises Israel over Netanyahu’s wall tweet Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article JPMorgan Chase & Co has upgraded its recommendation on Indonesian stocks to ‘neutral’ from ‘underweight’, partially reversing a move that upset the government. — Reuters picJAKARTA, Jan 16 — JPMorgan Chase & Co upgraded its investment recommendation on Indonesian stocks to “neutral” from “underweight” today, partially reversing a move it made in November that upset the government. Indonesia cut its business ties with JPMorgan after the US investment bank downgraded its recommendation on Indonesian stocks to “underweight” from “overweight” in a research report issued after the US presidential election. Government officials said JPMorgan’s November report “did not make sense” because it gave better recommendations for equities of other emerging economies that Indonesia argued were not doing better than its economy, Southeast Asia’s largest. JPMorgan’s equities research team wrote today that in the month after Donald Trump’s surprise victory, funds sold large amount of emerging markets’ bonds and equities which it estimated at US$15 billion each. “Redemption and bond volatility risks have now played out, in our view. Bond volatility should now decay allowing us to partially reverse November’s tactical moves including upgrading Indonesia to neutral,” according to the note sent to clients and seen by Reuters. “Indonesia’s macro fundamentals are strong, with high potential growth rate and low debt/GDP with economic reform. Within Asia it was the biggest beneficiary of bond inflows,” the bank said, adding that better motorcycle sales data also supported its upgrade. JPMorgan said it remained concerned about volatility in the first half of 2017 and “manages risk with a neutral call”. When asked about JPMorgan’s upgrade, Indonesia’s Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati said “it’s good”, without elaborating. Responding to the upgrade, Indonesia’s central bank governor Agus Martowardojo said 2017 will be a year of recovery for Indonesian corporates, banks and fiscal spending, while 2016 was a year of consolidation. Indonesia’s main benchmark index has dipped so far this year after gaining more than 15 per cent in 2016. After JPMorgan’s November downgrade, Indonesia’s finance ministry dropped the bank’s services as a primary dealer for domestic sovereign bonds and as an underwriter for bonds sold to global markets. The bank also no longer receives certain transfers of state revenue. The ministry then issued new rules that require all primary bond dealers — banks and securities appointed to buy government bonds in auctions and resell them in the secondary market — to “safeguard” their partnership with the government and avoid conflict of interest. JPMorgan did not mention the government’s sanction in the note it published today. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week An iPhone made in America? Not that simple, experts say Britain’s May eyes Turkey trade boost as Brexit looms Rouble’s revival gives Russia an unexpected headache India looks to ease pain from cash crunch in budget ESM: No reason for alarm over Greek debt Trump pulls US out of Pacific trade deal, loosening Asia ties (VIDEO) US dollar slides near seven-week lows on fading Trump trade Saudi Aramco shelves plans for RAPID venture with Petronas, source says Trump promises 'good results' from Nafta talks List of US-China tension casualties could span Nike to Lenovo Most Watched Now Week See this new clip for ‘John Wick: Chapter 2’ NYT Video: Protests at JFK airport against immigration ban Reuters Video: Trump travel ban sparks panic abroad, lawsuits at home See this new clip for ‘John Wick: Chapter 2’ Reuters Video: Marketing experts on how best to spend money, time, energy in 2017 Bloomberg Video: Cuba’s secret scuba dive site is one of a kind Related Articles Indonesia’s worried about market ‘psychology’ with JPMorgan report JPMorgan boosts CEO Dimon’s annual pay 3.7pc to US$28m Major US banks post strong 2016 earnings Trump rally makes stock options great again for some CEOs Indonesia bars JPMorgan from next dollar sukuk issuance, says official Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age Business Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets January 16 2017 Save Print License article Will US bank earnings boost the ASX? Jessica Sier Contact via Email Follow on Google Plus Follow on Twitter facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Positive sentiment overflowing from the US fourth-quarter earnings season is expected to buoy the ASX in the near term, but it is resource stocks rather than banks that will maintain the positive momentum. The local share market moved higher on Monday morning after several major US banks reported quarterly profits that largely beat expectations on Friday. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:04 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:08 Profits soar at JPMorgan Profits soar at JPMorgan A surge in trading revenue pumped up quarterly profit at JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America, but earnings fell at scandal-plagued Wells Fargo. Up Next 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:04 Video duration 03:04 'Same problems as London': Morrison ... 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing High property prices in the UK show that Australia's housing affordability crisis is not related to negative gearing, Treasurer Scott Morrison told business leaders in Marylebone, in the UK. Up Next The ups and down of trading with Trump Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:46 Video duration 01:46 The ups and down of trading with Trump The ups and down of trading with Trump A trade accord that will boost global exports by $1 trillion should come into force within two weeks, the head of WTO says, just as the rhetoric of U.S. President Donald Trump clouds the outlook for global trade. Up Next Former Billabong CEO jailed Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:10 Video duration 02:10 Former Billabong CEO jailed Former Billabong CEO jailed Ex-Billabong CEO Matthew Perrin is been sentenced to eight years in jail for fraud. Up Next Negative gearing explained Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:19 Video duration 00:19 Negative gearing explained Negative gearing explained You've heard the term bandied around, but what actually is negative gearing? Up Next Australia's Day off Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:41 Video duration 01:41 Australia's Day off Australia's Day off With the national holiday on a Thursday this year, how many people are taking a sickie today for a long weekend? Up Next Trump: It's going to be America first again Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:24 Video duration 02:24 Trump: It's going to be America first ... Trump: It's going to be America first again US President Donald Trump discusses trade, taxes, financial reform and infrastructure at a Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia. Up Next Is a AAA credit rating that important? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:26 Video duration 02:26 Is a AAA credit rating that important? Is a AAA credit rating that important? Australia's politicians love to bang on about the country's credit rating, but what is it, and what will happen if we lost our triple-A status? More videos Profits soar at JPMorgan A surge in trading revenue pumped up quarterly profit at JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America, but earnings fell at scandal-plagued Wells Fargo. "This positive feeling is likely to help the broader Australian market in the short term and we'll get a price-to-earnings increase in the banks, " says Paul Taylor, portfolio manager of the Fidelity Australian Equities fund. "But that valuation-driven sentiment can only take you so far. You really need those underlying earnings of our companies need to come through, though I don't expect a huge divergence from the US market." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link  Photo: Daniel Munoz US earnings season kicks off Bank of America, JPMorgan and Wells Fargo all reported strong results and in response investors lifted their share prices to multi-year highs. "US financials have had a very good run post-election," says Jon Adams, senior investment strategist at BMO Global Asset Management. Advertisement "The data we've gotten from the big banks has been very good and we do expect this sector to post strong earnings mostly due to the rising interest rate environment." While American banks are looking to the prospect of more expensive debt, Australian banks, which begin reporting in February, are likely to keep growing slowly as lending growth remains constrained, with limited expansion in interest margins and some bad debts on the books. "There are still headwinds for the banks, but generally they'll be okay," says Mr Taylor. "There's not a lot of growth, maybe mid-single digit growth, but investors will see that as a reasonable job." In a note to clients on Monday, Deutsche Bank suggests Australia's major banks are now cheaper than a selection of offshore banks, excluding Asia and UK banks, on a 12 month forward per-share basis. "Overall they provide a much better forward yield," says Andrew Triggs, research analyst at Deutsche Bank. Mr Trigg's and his team calculate the average 12 month forward dividend yield for the big four banks is 5.5 per cent, now well below the 5-year average of 6.2 per cent. "On a relative basis the sector still looks attractive against other interest-rate sensitive sectors," he says. Eyes on miners Barring an upset for the banks, the ASX is likely to stay elevated but Mr Taylor points to the resources stocks as the engine behind the positive momentum. A solid turnaround in commodity prices could see some reasonably strong cash flow generated from Australian resource companies which could lead to a solid earnings season. "Miners will be the companies that will keep us going," says Mr Taylor. "What will be interesting to see is whether that has flowed through to mining contractors and manufacturers." Advertisement HuffPost Australia How To Be Proactive Instead Of Reactive Contains: External link This Man Took Out A Bank Loan To Pay ... Contains: External link Most Popular 'Worthless' hairdressing qualifications leave thousands 'unemployable' More than sugar to worry about in your lollies Why I don't like self-service checkouts: retail CEO Google recalls staff to U.S. after Trump immigration order Trump travel ban causes business chaos Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business More than sugar to worry about in your lollies Qantas winds back American Airlines deal, tries again for joint venture 'Worthless' hairdressing qualifications leave thousands 'unemployable' Struggling supermarkets rely on beer, babies and smokes With Trump in charge, America's light goes out The Age Donald Trump's sinister choice of Muslim ban countries Passengers detained on arrival as Trump's 'Muslim ban' kicks in Three dead after failed 15-person river crossing in Northern Territory More than sugar to worry about in your lollies Man's body found at Chelsea beach The Sydney Morning Herald Donald Trump's sinister choice of Muslim ban countries Passengers detained on arrival as Trump's 'Muslim ban' kicks in White supremacist threatened to shoot up Central Coast shopping centre The suburbs with some of Sydney's longest and slowest commutes More than sugar to worry about in your lollies Brisbane Times Man knocked out in one-punch attack at Gold Coast Donald Trump's sinister choice of Muslim ban countries More than sugar to worry about in your lollies Passengers detained on arrival as Trump's 'Muslim ban' kicks in Queensland's weirdest road rules you never knew existed Canberra Times Turnbull weakest and most indecisive prime minister since McMahon Two MPs run up $200,000 tab on private flights to work in Canberra White supremacist threatened to shoot up Central Coast shopping centre NT Aboriginal leader defends January 26 Australia Day Man dead after truck rolls over on Kings Highway WA Today Perth's unluckiest property? South Perth 'coffin' now a watery grave Police officer jumps out of helicopter to arrest teen armed car thief New contenders emerge for Perth's best backyard bar Passengers detained on arrival as Trump's 'Muslim ban' kicks in White supremacist threatened to shoot up Central Coast shopping centre Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices US banks' profits leave European rivals in the shade The Financial Times Ben McLannahan in New York and Martin Arnold in London 1/15/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Colleges that have produced the most billionaires The most outrageous CEO salaries and perks © Reuters FILE PHOTO - Reflections are seen in the windows of a Bank of America branch in New York, U.S. on October 8, 2008. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/File Photo GLOBAL BUSINESS WEEK AHEAD - SEARCH BUSINESS WEEK 9 JANUARY FOR ALL IMAGES Combined profits for the three biggest US banks last year were $65bn, exceeding the combined market values of Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse, underscoring a pronounced shift in power away from Europe since the financial crisis. Quotes in the article Barclays PLC BARC ▼ 230.60 -1.75 -0.75% UniCredit SpA 0Q54 = 26.14 0.00 0.00% Lehman Brothers Holdings Capital Trust V LHHMQ ▲ 0.1068 +0.0062 +6.15% JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM ▼ 86.54 -0.15 -0.17% Fourth-quarter figures released on Friday by JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Wells Fargo, the top three US banks by assets, showed total net income of $64.6bn in 2016, up 2 per cent from 2015, as a rousing fourth-quarter made up for a stickier start to the year. This week quarterly figures from Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs and Citigroup are expected to confirm a revival in the US banks’ trading units, spurred by hopes of higher growth, lower taxes and lighter regulation under the incoming Donald Trump administration. Continued resilience in retail, wealth and asset management divisions is also seen. At Goldman net income for the year is expected to leap 27 per cent to $7bn. The figures are likely to contrast with more downbeat updates from the big European banks in coming weeks, showing they are weighed down by sluggish economic growth, negative interest rates, high levels of bad debts and political uncertainty over Brexit and the future of the eurozone. Goldman’s share price has recently surged close to its record high of $247.92 set in October 2007 and JPMorgan has been setting new all-time highs for several months. Meanwhile, shares in Barclays, Deutsche Bank, UniCredit and Royal Bank of Scotland are trading at a fraction of their pre-crisis levels. The US banks also have fewer big legal overhangs. Last month Deutsche and Credit Suisse said they would take fourth-quarter charges of $1.2bn and $2bn, respectively, after agreeing settlements with the US government over mis-selling mortgage-backed securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Barclays has chosen to stand and fight, while Royal Bank of Scotland, HSBC and UBS are yet to resolve their mis-selling cases.© AP FILE - This April 22, 2010, file photo, shows a Wall Street sign in front of the New York Stock Exchange. Global shares rose Monday, July 11, 2016, after Wall Street rose on a strong U.S. employment report and as investors recovered gradually from post-Brexit jitters. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) “The US banks are so huge, they can absorb all sorts of hits that the Europeans can’t,” said Arnie Danielson, chairman emeritus of Ambassador Financial Group, who has written a book on the growing dominance of America’s universal banks. In 2006 the top five European banks had a combined 20 per cent share of the worldwide investment-banking fee pool, according to Dealogic. Last year that share dropped to 16 per cent, even though Barclays had swallowed much of Lehman Brothers in the meantime. The European Commission needs to find ways to protect its weakened banks, otherwise it’s “open-field running” for the US banks to do more business in Europe, said Ken Leon, research director at CFRA in New York. © Bloomberg A pedestrian walks past JPMorgan Chase & Co. signage in this photo taken with a tilt-shift lens at the company's headquarters in New York, U.S., on Monday, Dec. 8, 2014. U.S. stocks dropped, following the worst loss in six weeks for the Standard & Poor's 500 Index, as global shares slid on concern over growth in China and potential political turmoil in Greece. Photographer: Ron Antonelli/Bloomberg JPMorgan noted on Friday that it had gained market share in investment-banking fees in the US and Europe, stretching away as the world’s number one. Marianne Lake, chief financial officer, told analysts on Friday that the bank was “proud” of its gains and would “try its hardest” to repeat them. “I don’t think you should necessarily expect that we can continue to gain share at that pace; but defend it, we will,” she said. The US banks are also looking to press home the advantage of a steadier domestic economy. Brian Moynihan, chairman and chief executive at BofA, contrasted uncertainty over Brexit with a brighter picture back home. Whatever happens as the UK prepares to leave the EU, he said, “the good news is, the US strengthens in the first part of the year. We’ve seen a good normal first quarter developing, and we’ve seen customer activity strong, all of which bodes well.” Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from the FT Activist fund Oasis pushes to reprice PanaHome valuation The Financial Times Alibaba and Tencent open new front in red envelope wars The Financial Times China property investment abroad hits record, US tops list The Financial Times The Financial Times View the Full Site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 Fresh Del Monte Produce, Inc. (FDP) Shares Sold by JPMorgan Chase & Co. January 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered its position in shares of Fresh Del Monte Produce, Inc. (NYSE:FDP) by 2.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 71,773 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,693 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned approximately 0.14% of Fresh Del Monte Produce worth $4,299,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. Numeric Investors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Fresh Del Monte Produce during the second quarter worth about $26,134,000. Teachers Advisors Inc. increased its stake in shares of Fresh Del Monte Produce by 582.7% in the second quarter. Teachers Advisors Inc. now owns 368,771 shares of the company’s stock worth $20,072,000 after buying an additional 314,754 shares during the period. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Fresh Del Monte Produce by 7.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 2,867,342 shares of the company’s stock worth $156,070,000 after buying an additional 206,689 shares during the period. Acadian Asset Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Fresh Del Monte Produce by 8.6% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 1,884,038 shares of the company’s stock worth $112,851,000 after buying an additional 149,108 shares during the period. Finally, American Century Companies Inc. increased its stake in shares of Fresh Del Monte Produce by 736.8% in the second quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 158,368 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,620,000 after buying an additional 139,442 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 63.18% of the company’s stock. Shares of Fresh Del Monte Produce, Inc. (NYSE:FDP) opened at 62.21 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $3.22 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.13 and a beta of 0.29. Fresh Del Monte Produce, Inc. has a 52-week low of $36.68 and a 52-week high of $66.86. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $60.89 and a 200-day moving average price of $59.68. Fresh Del Monte Produce (NYSE:FDP) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, November 1st. The company reported $1.17 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.54 by $0.63. The firm earned $950.20 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $950.40 million. Fresh Del Monte Produce had a net margin of 3.47% and a return on equity of 12.62%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.57 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts predict that Fresh Del Monte Produce, Inc. will post $4.58 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/15/fresh-del-monte-produce-inc-fdp-shares-sold-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. FDP has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Fresh Del Monte Produce from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $73.00 price target for the company in a research report on Tuesday, November 15th. Wunderlich boosted their target price on Fresh Del Monte Produce from $70.00 to $74.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 2nd. In other news, Director Ghazaleh Amir Abu sold 15,448 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, November 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $65.34, for a total value of $1,009,372.32. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, Chairman Mohammad Abu-Ghazaleh sold 22,698 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.12, for a total value of $1,432,697.76. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 5,315,886 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $335,538,724.32. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 37.80% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Fresh Del Monte Produce Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc is a holding company. Through its subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in sourcing, transportation and marketing of fresh and fresh-cut fruit and vegetables together with prepared food products in Europe, Africa and the Middle East. The Company’s operations are aggregated into business segments on the basis of its products: bananas, other fresh produce and prepared food. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FDP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Fresh Del Monte Produce, Inc. (NYSE:FDP). Receive News & Ratings for Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance First Busey Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Busey Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reduces Position in First Busey Corporation (BUSE) January 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut its position in shares of First Busey Corporation (NASDAQ:BUSE) by 17.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 186,592 shares of the company’s stock after selling 38,459 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned 0.49% of First Busey Corporation worth $4,217,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. acquired a new position in shares of First Busey Corporation during the third quarter worth about $214,000. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. increased its stake in First Busey Corporation by 122,289.2% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 215,405 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,869,000 after buying an additional 215,229 shares in the last quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. purchased a new stake in First Busey Corporation during the third quarter worth $152,000. Alps Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in First Busey Corporation during the third quarter worth $403,000. Finally, Nordea Investment Management AB increased its stake in First Busey Corporation by 3.4% in the third quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 111,766 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,526,000 after buying an additional 3,700 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 47.46% of the company’s stock. Shares of First Busey Corporation (NASDAQ:BUSE) opened at 30.97 on Friday. First Busey Corporation has a 12 month low of $17.68 and a 12 month high of $31.54. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $29.38 and its 200 day moving average is $24.46. The firm has a market cap of $1.18 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.93 and a beta of 0.84. First Busey Corporation (NASDAQ:BUSE) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $0.40 EPS for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.40. First Busey Corporation had a return on equity of 10.42% and a net margin of 22.15%. Equities research analysts expect that First Busey Corporation will post $1.50 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/15/jpmorgan-chase-co-reduces-position-in-first-busey-corporation-buse.html. A number of analysts have weighed in on the stock. FBR & Co downgraded shares of First Busey Corporation from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and increased their target price for the company from $28.00 to $32.00 in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of First Busey Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $34.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, December 27th. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies assumed coverage on shares of First Busey Corporation in a research report on Thursday. They set a “neutral” rating and a $32.00 target price for the company. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $27.33. First Busey Corporation Company Profile First Busey Corporation (First Busey) is a financial holding company. The Company offers a range of financial services through its banking and non-banking subsidiaries at multiple locations in Illinois, Florida, Indiana and Missouri. First Busey has a bank subsidiary, Busey Bank (the Bank). It operates through three segments: Banking, Remittance Processing and Wealth Management. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BUSE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for First Busey Corporation (NASDAQ:BUSE). Receive News & Ratings for First Busey Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Busey Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance SPX Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SPX Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $4,262,000 Position in SPX Co. (SPXC) January 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered its stake in shares of SPX Co. (NASDAQ:SPXC) by 21.9% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 211,654 shares of the company’s stock after selling 59,297 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned 0.51% of SPX worth $4,262,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Legal & General Group Plc increased its position in shares of SPX by 152.8% in the second quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 7,454 shares of the company’s stock valued at $108,000 after buying an additional 4,505 shares in the last quarter. Alpine Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in SPX by 0.7% in the third quarter. Alpine Investment Management LLC now owns 3,564,084 shares of the company’s stock valued at $71,781,000 after buying an additional 24,870 shares during the last quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its stake in SPX by 71.6% in the third quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 120,698 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,431,000 after buying an additional 50,380 shares during the last quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC bought a new stake in SPX during the second quarter valued at $121,000. Finally, Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio boosted its stake in SPX by 91.9% in the second quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio now owns 19,587 shares of the company’s stock valued at $291,000 after buying an additional 9,381 shares during the last quarter. Shares of SPX Co. (NASDAQ:SPXC) opened at 24.83 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $24.40 and a 200 day moving average of $20.00. SPX Co. has a 52-week low of $7.74 and a 52-week high of $25.95. The firm’s market cap is $1.04 billion. SPX (NASDAQ:SPXC) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.14 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.23 by $0.09. The company had revenue of $359.80 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $382.10 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned ($2.58) EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 12.4% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that SPX Co. will post $1.22 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/15/jpmorgan-chase-co-has-4262000-position-in-spx-co-spxc.html. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of SPX from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $23.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Saturday, October 1st. TheStreet upgraded shares of SPX from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, November 21st. About SPX SPX Corporation is a diversified, global supplier of infrastructure equipment. The Company operates through three segments: heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC); Detection and Measurement, and Power. The HVAC solutions offered by its businesses include package cooling towers, residential and commercial boilers, heating and ventilation products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SPXC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for SPX Co. (NASDAQ:SPXC). Receive News & Ratings for SPX Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SPX Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Woodward Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Woodward Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 Woodward, Inc. (WWD) Stake Decreased by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC January 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC cut its stake in Woodward, Inc. (NASDAQ:WWD) by 3.0% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 179,948 shares of the company’s stock after selling 5,529 shares during the period. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC owned about 0.29% of Woodward worth $11,243,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Woodward by 28.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,983 shares of the company’s stock valued at $114,000 after buying an additional 443 shares in the last quarter. Advisor Group Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Woodward during the second quarter valued at approximately $124,000. Panagora Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Woodward by 2,301.0% in the second quarter. Panagora Asset Management Inc. now owns 2,401 shares of the company’s stock valued at $138,000 after buying an additional 2,301 shares during the last quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Woodward during the second quarter valued at approximately $160,000. Finally, Advisors Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Woodward by 112.5% in the second quarter. Advisors Asset Management Inc. now owns 3,188 shares of the company’s stock valued at $184,000 after buying an additional 1,688 shares during the last quarter. 73.91% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Woodward, Inc. (NASDAQ:WWD) opened at 69.58 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $4.29 billion, a PE ratio of 24.41 and a beta of 1.20. Woodward, Inc. has a 52-week low of $41.24 and a 52-week high of $71.46. The company has a 50 day moving average of $69.27 and a 200-day moving average of $62.25. Woodward (NASDAQ:WWD) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Monday, November 14th. The company reported $0.99 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.92 by $0.07. The business had revenue of $590.92 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $571.55 million. Woodward had a net margin of 8.93% and a return on equity of 16.47%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 5.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.77 earnings per share. Analysts forecast that Woodward, Inc. will post $3.15 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/15/woodward-inc-wwd-stake-decreased-by-tiaa-cref-investment-management-llc.html. Several analysts have commented on WWD shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Woodward from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, December 9th. Jefferies Group reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $62.00 target price (up previously from $59.00) on shares of Woodward in a research report on Friday, November 18th. In other news, insider Chad Robert Preiss sold 7,000 shares of Woodward stock in a transaction on Thursday, November 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $67.44, for a total transaction of $472,080.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Larry E. Rittenberg sold 5,700 shares of Woodward stock in a transaction on Friday, November 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $67.18, for a total transaction of $382,926.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 36,302 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,438,768.36. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 5.93% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Woodward Woodward, Inc is a designer, manufacturer, and service provider of energy controls and optimization solutions. The Company has production and assembly facilities in the United States, Europe and Asia, and promotes its products and services through its worldwide locations. The Company’s is engaged in providing energy control and optimization solutions for the aerospace and energy markets. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WWD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Woodward, Inc. (NASDAQ:WWD). Receive News & Ratings for Woodward Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Woodward Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Charting the Market Charting the Market A graphic look at selected stock activity for the week ended January 13, 2017. Includes JPMorgan Chase, Illumina, and Pandora Media. By Bill Alpert and David Schutt Biography January 14, 2017 JPMorgan Chase Aided by trading, the biggest U.S. bank’s fourth-quarter profit rose 24% to $6.73 billion, or $1.71 a share, beating estimates. Annual earnings hit a record. Inventure Foods DA Davidson downgraded the snack-food maker’s stock to Neutral from Buy and its price target from $10 to $8, saying Inventure may require an equity offering. Alaska Air Group Incorporating acquisition Virgin America for the first time, the airline reported a 5.6% gain in passenger traffic for December, continuing a string of gains. Endo International President-elect D... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Warren Buffett’s $2.95 Breakfast Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Barron’s Roundtable, Part 3: Digging Into the Details Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. A Skeptic’s View of the Trump Rally Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Next Stop, Dow 30,000 Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Health Insurer Anthem Has 30% Upside Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Oscar Schafer's 3 Values in a Pricey Market 2 Goldman: 2 Stock Picks; How to Play Bonds 3 Brian Rogers: 2 Stock Picks for the Trump Era Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
Home Macau Our Team Editorial Statute Code of Ethics Archive Archive 2009-2014 Archive 2007-2009 Contacts Extra Times Drive In Book It tTunes Features World of Bacchus Taste of Edesia Search for: FOUNDER & PUBLISHER Kowie Geldenhuys EDITOR-IN-CHIEF Paulo Coutinho Macau, Macau Forum Business China Asia World Sports Interview Editorial Opinion Photo Shop DAILY EDITION 2 days ago Friday, January 27, 2017 – edition no. 2732 EXTRA TIMES 2 days ago Inspired by the Smog OTHER ARTICLES Almost no money laundering prosecutions General minimum wage regulated within 3 years Unemployment rate remains unchanged Angela Leong omitted from Zhuhai CPPCC Briefs | Sands announces salary increases, bonuses LATEST COMMENTS alpha beta on 21 injured in clashes in Sri Lanka over China port deal  Georgia on IFFAM – Ivo Ferreira | Latest film to breath life into iconic Macau Floating Casino Sophie Jones on Indonesia | Two tourists killed in Bali boat explosion, many injured Jerrt Mores on Macau | Over 600 take part in Youth Dance Festival George Cespedes on The Buzz | New Year’s firework show cancelled MDT MACAU GRAND PRIX SPECIAL Home | Asia-Pacific | JPMorgan upgrades Indonesia, lifting call that riled Jakarta JPMorgan upgrades Indonesia, lifting call that riled Jakarta - Tuesday, January 17, 2017 - 2 weeks ago No Comments 387 Views A highway stands under construction in Jakarta JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded its assessment of the Indonesian stock market, reversing an earlier bearish call that prompted Jakarta to stop doing business with the U.S. bank. The bank’s analysts raised their “tactical” view of Indonesian equities one level to “neutral” in a report dated yesterday, saying volatility in emerging-market bonds following Donald Trump’s U.S. election victory in November should now subside. The upgrade came two weeks after Indonesia’s government cut business ties with JPMorgan, citing a two-notch equities downgrade by the bank in November. “Our tactical downgrade two months ago was driven by the risk of Indonesia underperforming the Asia Pacific ex Japan and EM indices as investors de-risked,” analysts led by Adrian Mowat said. “Redemption and bond volatility risks have now played out, in our view.” Indonesia welcomed the bank’s new assessment. The neutral recommendation is more in line with fundamentals, Coordinating Minister for Economic Affairs Darmin Nasution told reporters in Jakarta yesterday. The finance ministry had earlier said it would stop using JPMorgan as a primary dealer and an underwriter for sovereign bonds. JPMorgan said in an e-mail that its research views are independent and yesterday’s report, like previous ones, “is no different.” Foreign investors sold a net USD2.8 billion of Indonesian stocks and bonds last quarter as emerging-market assets retreated following Trump’s victory. That drove the rupiah lower, forcing policy makers to intervene to stabilize the currency. Last week, Indonesia widened its campaign against negative research by ordering all primary dealers in Indonesian bonds to maintain relations with the government “based on professionalism, integrity and avoiding conflicts of interest.” Firms that fail to comply with the rule, which took effect on Dec. 30, risk losing their dealership licenses, the government said. Global banks that are primary dealers in Indonesia’s bonds include Standard Chartered Plc, HSBC Holdings Plc, Deutsche Bank AG and Citigroup Inc. Chanyaporn Chanjaroen, Bloomberg Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Categories Asia-Pacific Share This Post Related Posts India | Nonprofits closing doors as gov’t cuts access to funds Philippines | President’s drug crackdown faces court challenge Cambodia | ‘Perfect pepper’ conquering world’s taste buds Kuwait hangs seven prisoners, including Filipina migrant No Comments Cancel Reply Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Copyright © Macau Daily Times 2008-2017. All Rights Reserved Contact our Administrator Contact our Director Contacts Contact for Subscriptions and Issues Contact Our Advertising Department Contact Our Managing Editor Contact Our Newsroom Contact Our Newsroom Secretary Home Our Team Search results Editorial Statute Code of Ethics
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AptarGroup Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AptarGroup Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 Echo Street Capital Management LLC Has $1,527,000 Position in AptarGroup, Inc. (ATR) January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Echo Street Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of AptarGroup, Inc. (NYSE:ATR) by 9.3% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 19,731 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,678 shares during the period. Echo Street Capital Management LLC’s holdings in AptarGroup were worth $1,527,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in ATR. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of AptarGroup by 3.0% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 5,134,609 shares of the company’s stock valued at $406,301,000 after buying an additional 147,860 shares during the period. Atlanta Capital Management Co. L L C increased its stake in shares of AptarGroup by 1.5% in the second quarter. Atlanta Capital Management Co. L L C now owns 3,121,908 shares of the company’s stock valued at $247,036,000 after buying an additional 46,150 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of AptarGroup by 4.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,356,993 shares of the company’s stock valued at $182,455,000 after buying an additional 96,072 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in shares of AptarGroup by 4.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,954,776 shares of the company’s stock valued at $151,319,000 after buying an additional 74,843 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of AptarGroup by 12.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,865,662 shares of the company’s stock valued at $144,421,000 after buying an additional 210,673 shares during the period. 88.66% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of AptarGroup, Inc. (NYSE:ATR) traded up 0.23% on Monday, hitting $73.50. 188,879 shares of the stock traded hands. AptarGroup, Inc. has a one year low of $66.33 and a one year high of $81.50. The company has a market cap of $4.61 billion, a PE ratio of 23.86 and a beta of 0.95. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $73.85 and a 200 day moving average of $76.18. AptarGroup (NYSE:ATR) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported $0.82 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.83 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $590 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $608.32 million. AptarGroup had a return on equity of 16.23% and a net margin of 8.53%. The company’s revenue was up .6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.83 EPS. Equities analysts anticipate that AptarGroup, Inc. will post $3.10 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Echo Street Capital Management LLC Has $1,527,000 Position in AptarGroup, Inc. (ATR)” was first published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/echo-street-capital-management-llc-has-1527000-position-in-aptargroup-inc-atr.html. ATR has been the subject of several analyst reports. Vertical Group raised shares of AptarGroup from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, October 31st. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of AptarGroup from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday. Jefferies Group restated a “hold” rating and issued a $83.00 target price on shares of AptarGroup in a report on Thursday, October 20th. Bank of America Corporation cut shares of AptarGroup from a “buy” rating to an “underperform” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Vertical Research upgraded shares of AptarGroup from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, October 31st. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $83.50. In related news, insider Stephen J. Hagge sold 30,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $75.41, for a total transaction of $2,262,300.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 101,159 shares in the company, valued at approximately $7,628,400.19. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 5.50% of the company’s stock. AptarGroup Company Profile AptarGroup, Inc is a provider of a range of packaging, dispensing and sealing solutions, primarily for the beauty, personal care, home care, prescription drug, consumer healthcare, injectables, food and beverage markets. The Company has manufacturing facilities located in North America, Europe, Asia and South America. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ATR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for AptarGroup, Inc. (NYSE:ATR). Receive News & Ratings for AptarGroup Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AptarGroup Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Total System Services Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Total System Services Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) Stake Raised by Crawford Investment Counsel Inc. Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB) Position Raised by Crawford Investment Counsel Inc. Owens-Illinois, Inc. (OI) Stake Boosted by Hartford Investment Management Co. Imperial Oil Limited (IMO) Stake Decreased by Commonwealth Bank of Australia News Corporation (NWSA) Shares Bought by KCG Holdings Inc. KCG Holdings Inc. Buys Shares of 12,443 EPR Properties (EPR) Citadel Advisors LLC Purchases Shares of 16,133 Vascular Solutions, Inc. (VASC) Citadel Advisors LLC Has $761,000 Stake in Extreme Networks, Inc. (EXTR) Citadel Advisors LLC Boosts Position in Harmonic Inc. (HLIT) American Renal Associates Holdings, Inc (ARA) Shares Bought by Citadel Advisors LLC Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. Increases Stake in New Oriental Education & Technology Group, Inc. (EDU) Wimmer Associates 1 LLC Lowers Position in ConocoPhillips (COP) Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Hodges Capital Management Inc. Cuts Position in ClubCorp Holdings, Inc. (MYCC) Hodges Capital Management Inc. Acquires 1,792,770 Shares of Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. (CRL) Shares Sold by Hodges Capital Management Inc. JetBlue Airways Corporation (JBLU) Shares Bought by Hodges Capital Management Inc. Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Shares Sold by Hodges Capital Management Inc. Hodges Capital Management Inc. Purchases 3,577 Shares of Matador Resources Company (MTDR) Benson Investment Management Company Inc. Acquires New Stake in TE Connectivity Ltd. (TEL) Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) Shares Sold by Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ decreased its stake in shares of Total System Services, Inc. (NYSE:TSS) by 86.0% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 32,214 shares of the company’s stock after selling 197,600 shares during the period. Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ’s holdings in Total System Services were worth $1,519,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Capital Fund Management S.A. boosted its position in Total System Services by 22.1% in the second quarter. Capital Fund Management S.A. now owns 458,717 shares of the company’s stock valued at $24,362,000 after buying an additional 83,088 shares during the period. IBM Retirement Fund boosted its position in Total System Services by 0.8% in the second quarter. IBM Retirement Fund now owns 16,786 shares of the company’s stock valued at $892,000 after buying an additional 135 shares during the period. Retirement Systems of Alabama boosted its position in Total System Services by 6.8% in the third quarter. Retirement Systems of Alabama now owns 175,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,289,000 after buying an additional 11,165 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Total System Services by 39.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 424,329 shares of the company’s stock valued at $20,006,000 after buying an additional 119,886 shares during the period. Finally, TD Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in Total System Services by 10.8% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 99,747 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,703,000 after buying an additional 9,759 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 72.24% of the company’s stock. Shares of Total System Services, Inc. (NYSE:TSS) traded up 1.39% during trading on Monday, reaching $53.99. The company had a trading volume of 1,590,003 shares. Total System Services, Inc. has a 52-week low of $37.47 and a 52-week high of $56.54. The firm has a market capitalization of $9.92 billion, a P/E ratio of 30.30 and a beta of 1.03. The company has a 50 day moving average of $50.41 and a 200-day moving average of $49.92. Total System Services (NYSE:TSS) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $0.71 EPS for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.71. The business had revenue of $1.15 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.16 billion. Total System Services had a return on equity of 23.57% and a net margin of 9.67%. Total System Services’s quarterly revenue was up 62.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.78 EPS. Equities analysts expect that Total System Services, Inc. will post $2.81 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, January 3rd. Investors of record on Thursday, December 15th were paid a $0.10 dividend. This represents a $0.40 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.74%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, December 13th. Total System Services’s dividend payout ratio is 22.47%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/total-system-services-inc-tss-shares-sold-by-skandinaviska-enskilda-banken-ab-publ.html. Several equities analysts recently issued reports on TSS shares. Nomura restated a “buy” rating and set a $58.00 price objective on shares of Total System Services in a research note on Monday, October 3rd. Pacific Crest started coverage on Total System Services in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $58.00 price objective on the stock. KeyCorp restated an “overweight” rating and set a $58.00 price objective on shares of Total System Services in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. Stephens upgraded Total System Services from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Total System Services from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $56.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, December 28th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $55.18. In other Total System Services news, EVP Dorenda K. Weaver sold 13,781 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $51.03, for a total value of $703,244.43. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 43,134 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,201,128.02. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Philip W. Tomlinson sold 94,317 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, November 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $48.53, for a total value of $4,577,204.01. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 197,966 shares in the company, valued at approximately $9,607,289.98. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 2.60% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Total System Services Total System Services, Inc (TSYS) is a payment solutions provider that provides services to financial and nonfinancial institutions. The Company’s segments include North America Services, Merchant Services, NetSpend and International Services. The Company also provides processing services, acquiring solutions, related systems and integrated support services to merchant acquirers and merchants. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TSS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Total System Services, Inc. (NYSE:TSS). Receive News & Ratings for Total System Services Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Total System Services Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Acadia Healthcare Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acadia Healthcare Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (ACHC) Position Boosted by Rhumbline Advisers January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Rhumbline Advisers boosted its stake in Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) by 4.8% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 70,979 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 3,240 shares during the period. Rhumbline Advisers’ holdings in Acadia Healthcare Company were worth $3,517,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in ACHC. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in shares of Acadia Healthcare Company by 30.0% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 6,857,782 shares of the company’s stock valued at $339,803,000 after buying an additional 1,581,959 shares during the last quarter. American Century Companies Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Acadia Healthcare Company during the second quarter valued at about $56,657,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Acadia Healthcare Company by 20.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 6,008,192 shares of the company’s stock valued at $297,706,000 after buying an additional 1,008,466 shares during the last quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Acadia Healthcare Company by 3,204.3% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 491,476 shares of the company’s stock valued at $24,353,000 after buying an additional 476,602 shares during the last quarter. Finally, TCW Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Acadia Healthcare Company by 32.2% in the second quarter. TCW Group Inc. now owns 1,828,660 shares of the company’s stock valued at $101,308,000 after buying an additional 445,200 shares during the last quarter. Shares of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) remained flat at $37.95 during mid-day trading on Monday. The company had a trading volume of 715,591 shares. Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. has a 52-week low of $32.54 and a 52-week high of $65.00. The stock’s market cap is $3.32 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $36.00 and a 200 day moving average price of $45.84. Acadia Healthcare Company (NASDAQ:ACHC) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, November 1st. The company reported $0.58 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.61 by $0.03. The company had revenue of $789.40 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $735.59 million. Acadia Healthcare Company had a net margin of 0.22% and a return on equity of 8.91%. The firm’s revenue was up 53.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.62 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. will post $2.41 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (ACHC) Position Boosted by Rhumbline Advisers” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/acadia-healthcare-company-inc-achc-position-boosted-by-rhumbline-advisers.html. Several analysts recently commented on the company. Royal Bank Of Canada dropped their target price on Acadia Healthcare Company from $78.00 to $59.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, October 19th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. raised Acadia Healthcare Company from an “outperform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $65.00 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, November 3rd. Leerink Swann reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $80.00 target price on shares of Acadia Healthcare Company in a report on Monday, September 26th. Mizuho dropped their target price on Acadia Healthcare Company from $71.00 to $45.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Thursday, November 3rd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised Acadia Healthcare Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, October 3rd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating, thirteen have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $62.93. In other Acadia Healthcare Company news, Director Reeve B. Waud sold 28,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, December 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $34.58, for a total transaction of $968,240.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 55,673 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,925,172.34. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Reeve B. Waud sold 42,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, December 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $34.71, for a total value of $1,457,820.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 55,673 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,932,409.83. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 17.20% of the company’s stock. Acadia Healthcare Company Company Profile Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc is a provider of behavioral healthcare services. The Company operates in two segments: U.S. Facilities and U.K. Facilities. The Company develops and operates inpatient psychiatric facilities, residential treatment centers, group homes, substance abuse facilities and facilities providing outpatient behavioral healthcare services to serve the behavioral health and recovery needs of communities throughout the United States, the United Kingdom and Puerto Rico. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ACHC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC). Receive News & Ratings for Acadia Healthcare Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acadia Healthcare Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Visa Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AMP Capital Investors Ltd Decreases Stake in Silicon Motion Technology Corporation (SIMO) AMP Capital Investors Ltd Sells 3,720 Shares of Cintas Corporation (CTAS) Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Position Decreased by Zacks Investment Management Zacks Investment Management Purchases Shares of 7,847 MGM Growth Properties LLC (MGP) Zacks Investment Management Has $209,000 Position in Chesapeake Lodging Trust (CHSP) Zacks Investment Management Increases Stake in Aduro Biotech, Inc. (ADRO) Zacks Investment Management Sells 2,276 Shares of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Zacks Investment Management Purchases Shares of 4,625 ITC Holdings Corp. (ITC) American River Bankshares Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 (AMRB) BG Staffing Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 (BGSF) BG Staffing Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 (BGSF) Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) Stake Raised by Crawford Investment Counsel Inc. Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB) Position Raised by Crawford Investment Counsel Inc. Owens-Illinois, Inc. (OI) Stake Boosted by Hartford Investment Management Co. Imperial Oil Limited (IMO) Stake Decreased by Commonwealth Bank of Australia News Corporation (NWSA) Shares Bought by KCG Holdings Inc. KCG Holdings Inc. Buys Shares of 12,443 EPR Properties (EPR) Citadel Advisors LLC Purchases Shares of 16,133 Vascular Solutions, Inc. (VASC) Citadel Advisors LLC Has $761,000 Stake in Extreme Networks, Inc. (EXTR) Citadel Advisors LLC Boosts Position in Harmonic Inc. (HLIT) Visa Inc. (V) Position Cut by Hartline Investment Corp January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Hartline Investment Corp lowered its position in shares of Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) by 15.7% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 58,682 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock after selling 10,918 shares during the period. Visa comprises 1.7% of Hartline Investment Corp’s holdings, making the stock its 11th largest position. Hartline Investment Corp’s holdings in Visa were worth $4,853,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in Visa by 1.0% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 118,024,396 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $8,753,870,000 after buying an additional 1,207,526 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in Visa by 0.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 51,126,744 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $4,228,182,000 after buying an additional 239,481 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Visa by 3.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 29,495,466 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $2,441,561,000 after buying an additional 1,061,427 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in Visa by 3.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 27,427,533 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $2,268,257,000 after buying an additional 967,565 shares in the last quarter. Finally, TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC raised its position in Visa by 3.8% in the second quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 17,877,455 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $1,325,971,000 after buying an additional 647,407 shares in the last quarter. 79.52% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) traded down 0.25% on Monday, hitting $81.17. 7,291,220 shares of the stock traded hands. Visa Inc. has a 52 week low of $66.12 and a 52 week high of $83.96. The firm has a market cap of $189.94 billion, a P/E ratio of 32.07 and a beta of 0.95. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $79.05 and a 200 day moving average price of $80.18. Visa (NYSE:V) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, October 24th. The credit-card processor reported $0.78 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.73 by $0.05. Visa had a net margin of 39.72% and a return on equity of 24.31%. The business earned $4.26 billion during the quarter. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.62 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 19.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts predict that Visa Inc. will post $3.29 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Visa Inc. (V) Position Cut by Hartline Investment Corp” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/visa-inc-v-position-cut-by-hartline-investment-corp.html. A number of brokerages have recently commented on V. Vetr upgraded Visa from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $84.80 price target on the stock in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating and issued a $100.00 price target (up from $90.00) on shares of Visa in a report on Friday, October 21st. BMO Capital Markets restated a “top pick” rating and issued a $99.00 price target on shares of Visa in a report on Friday, January 6th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Visa from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, October 21st. Finally, Guggenheim upgraded Visa from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $66.12 to $89.00 in a report on Monday, December 5th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twenty-seven have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Visa currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $91.65. In other Visa news, insider Charles W. Scharf sold 772,912 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, October 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $82.65, for a total value of $63,881,176.80. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 852,880 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $70,490,532. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, President Ryan Mcinerney sold 18,500 shares of Visa stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $82.92, for a total transaction of $1,534,020.00. Following the sale, the president now directly owns 12,548 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,040,480.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.14% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Visa Company Profile Visa Inc is a payments technology company. The Company and its subsidiaries, including Visa U.SA Inc (Visa U.SA), Visa International Service Association (Visa International), Visa Worldwide Pte. Limited, Visa Canada Corporation, Inovant LLC and CyberSource Corporation (CyberSource), operate a processing network, VisaNet, which facilitates authorization, clearing and settlement of payment transactions around the world. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding V? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Visa Inc. (NYSE:V). Receive News & Ratings for Visa Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Carter Worth And Mike Khouw's Citigroup Trade Craig Jones , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 16, 2017 12:22pm   Comments Share: Related C A Mutual Fund For Special Occasions: A Conversation With Value Fund Manager Tobias Carlisle, Part 2 Pete Najarian Sees Unusual Options Activity In Citigroup Steven Romick Curbs Citigroup (GuruFocus) On CNBC's Options Action, Carter Worth analyzed the banking sector from a technical standpoint. He showed on a daily chart of KBW Nasdaq Bank Index that it's trading sideways after a huge run higher and he explained that stocks usually pull back to its trendline after such pattern forms on a chart. Mike Khouw thinks that we could see a pull back or a continuation of sideways trading in the sector and he suggested a bearish options strategy in Citigroup Inc (NYSE: C) as the best way to make money in that scenario. He wants to sell the March 60/62.50 call spread for $1. If Citigroup trades below $60 at the March expiration, Khouw is going to make the maximal profit of $1. Above $61, he's going to lose money and he can maximally lose $1.50. Posted-In: Carter Worth Mike Khouw Options ActionCNBC Options Markets Media © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (C) A Mutual Fund For Special Occasions: A Conversation With Value Fund Manager Tobias Carlisle, Part 2 Pete Najarian Sees Unusual Options Activity In Citigroup New President, Same Markets: Investors Await More Detail From Washington How Important Are Big Bank Earnings? Here's How Financials Performed In Q4 Technical Alert: Citigroup Lower After Q4 Report View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on C Trending Recent 1 CAFD, SYNA: 25 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 2 SPY, FNMA: Pershing Square: A Reformed Fannie And Freddie Will Be Worth... 3 WBA, FRED: To The Rescue: Cerberus Capital Riding In To Save Ri... 4 NTRPD: Neurotrope: A Company You Never Heard Of Might... 5 VRX, ESRX: Citron's Left: Express Scripts Is... 6 CL, GD: 10 Stocks You Should Be Watching... 7 VRX: Pershing Square Defends Valea... 1 XRT, JWN: Fast Money Traders Share Their Retail Trades 2 PPC, SAFM: What We Learned From The Last Avian Flu Outbreak 3 INTC: The Bull And Bear Case For Intel Following Strong Q4 4 AAPL: Why Did Apple Patent A Vaporizer? 5 LVS: Las Vegas Sands Investors: Don't Bet Against Th... 6 VXX: The Fear Index Is Trading At A Multi-Year Low And... 7 COH: Mark Sebastian's Coach Trade View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Dan Nathan's CSX Options Trade Does The Stock Market Respond To Presidential Inaugurations?
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Horizon Global Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Horizon Global Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 Emerald Acquisition Ltd. Sells 202,856 Shares of Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Emerald Acquisition Ltd. reduced its stake in shares of Horizon Global Corporation (NYSE:HZN) by 26.0% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 578,419 shares of the company’s stock after selling 202,856 shares during the period. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. owned approximately 3.18% of Horizon Global Corporation worth $11,529,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in HZN. Spitfire Capital LLC boosted its position in shares of Horizon Global Corporation by 6,557.0% in the second quarter. Spitfire Capital LLC now owns 739,796 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,397,000 after buying an additional 728,683 shares during the period. Loomis Sayles & Co. L P boosted its position in shares of Horizon Global Corporation by 54.3% in the second quarter. Loomis Sayles & Co. L P now owns 590,643 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,704,000 after buying an additional 207,856 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Horizon Global Corporation by 155.6% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 189,060 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,146,000 after buying an additional 115,100 shares during the period. Bridgeway Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Horizon Global Corporation by 178.4% in the second quarter. Bridgeway Capital Management Inc. now owns 139,200 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,580,000 after buying an additional 89,200 shares during the period. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Horizon Global Corporation during the third quarter valued at about $1,288,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 76.76% of the company’s stock. Shares of Horizon Global Corporation (NYSE:HZN) opened at 22.27 on Monday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $23.91 and a 200-day moving average of $19.04. Horizon Global Corporation has a 1-year low of $8.10 and a 1-year high of $26.36. The company has a market capitalization of $465.40 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 49.49 and a beta of 2.25. Horizon Global Corporation (NYSE:HZN) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, November 2nd. The company reported $0.30 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.27 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $151.72 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $154.49 million. Horizon Global Corporation had a net margin of 1.39% and a return on equity of 208.56%. The business’s revenue was down 1.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.50 earnings per share. Analysts forecast that Horizon Global Corporation will post $1.03 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/emerald-acquisition-ltd-sells-202856-shares-of-horizon-global-corporation-hzn.html. Several equities analysts have issued reports on HZN shares. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Horizon Global Corporation from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 11th. CJS Securities started coverage on shares of Horizon Global Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, September 20th. They issued a “market outperform” rating and a $23.00 price target for the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. Horizon Global Corporation has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $18.50. Horizon Global Corporation Company Profile Horizon Global Corporation is a designer, manufacturer and distributor of a range of custom-engineered towing, trailering, cargo management and other related accessory products serving the automotive aftermarket, retail and original equipment (OE) channels. The Company operates through two segments: Cequent Americas and Cequent APEA. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HZN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Horizon Global Corporation (NYSE:HZN). Receive News & Ratings for Horizon Global Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Horizon Global Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business Indonesia gets JP Morgan share upgrade 16 January 2017 From the section Business Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-38639591 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image copyright AFP US investment bank JP Morgan Chase has upgraded its view of the Indonesian stock market, partially reversing a previous downgrade that prompted an angry reaction from the government. The bank uprated Indonesian shares one notch to "neutral". Emerging-market volatility in the wake of Donald Trump's US election win had now subsided, it said. In November last year, the bank took its assessment down two levels from "overweight" to "underweight". In response, the Indonesian government stopped doing business with JP Morgan. In the month after the US presidential election, funds had sold large amounts of emerging-market countries' shares and bonds, bank researchers said in a note to clients. "Our tactical downgrade two months ago was driven by the risk of Indonesia underperforming the Asia Pacific ex-Japan," they said. "Bond volatility risks have now played out, in our view." However, it said there were still concerns about further volatility, hence the neutral rating. Indonesian Finance Minister Sri Mulyani said the upgrade was "good", but made no further comment. Related Topics Indonesia Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Indonesia up in arms over being downgraded by JP Morgan 5 January 2017 Top Stories US judge suspends Trump deportations The temporary ruling is estimated to affect between 100 and 200 people detained at airports or in transit. 29 January 2017 PM 'does not agree' with US refugee ban 29 January 2017 Australian Open final - Federer v Nadal 23 January 2017 Features Weekend reads The dental nurse turned alligator catcher Video 'The bigger, the better' The truth of knife crime in UK cities 'Happy and proud' The transgender teenager tackling life as a girl The Kika Effect The viral video making blind travel easier Lost innocence A murder shocks Iceland and dents women's sense of safety 10 things You can give birth while napping, and more nuggets Spinster act The 'opera groupies' who hoodwinked the Nazis News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video RPT-JPMorgan looks for big payoff from lead in deposit race Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Mon Jan 16, 2017 | 7:00am EST RPT-JPMorgan looks for big payoff from lead in deposit race (Repeats story without changes) By David Henry NEW YORK Jan 16 Over the past five years, stock analysts have challenged JPMorgan Chase & Co executives for keeping so many branches open as customers did more and more banking online. Giving up real estate, the analysts said, was an obvious way the bank could save money when interest income was flagging and regulatory and legal costs were climbing. But executives at the largest U.S. bank resisted. They argued that branches are great billboards for the Chase brand and essential to attracting people who want to open accounts or make major transactions in person. Now it looks like the executives were right, or at least closer than other banks to delivering the right mix of physical and digital customer service. JPMorgan has grown deposits over the last five years faster than major competitors and twice as fast as the industry, according to analysts at Bernstein Research. Deposits in the Chase consumer bank grew in 2016 by 11 percent, or some $61 billion, the bank said when reporting quarterly results last week. Chase now has $607 billion in deposits, setting it up for a massive payoff if it can keep those funds and the company can lend them at higher interest rates in a stronger economy. "We've been growing our deposits very strongly and we're going to enjoy the benefits," Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said on Friday. For the first time in roughly a decade, banks' ability to gather deposits is poised to matter mightily to financial performance. Interest rates are rising and the U.S. economy, which has been on the mend for a while, is expected to improve even more with stimulus from federal spending and tax cuts under the new government in Washington. Banks that did not take steps to grow deposits while loan demand was sluggish and interest rates were low may struggle to catch up in the coming years, experts said. "JPMorgan has invested through the slower times," said Mike Mayo, an analyst at CLSA who has questioned JPMorgan's branch office strategy in the past. "Now it's time for them to try to achieve a greater payoff." STRUGGLES AHEAD The full payoff is not a sure thing. Loan demand and lending rates could fall short. The economy might become so strong that depositors put their money to better use. Or, lending could be so attractive that JPMorgan rivals lure deposits away with higher and higher rates. Wary of fickle customers, JPMorgan executives say they are not offering high rates for deposits in a widespread, indiscriminate manner. "We have among the lowest rates paid for deposits in the industry," Lake said in a conference call with journalists on Friday. "We've been very disciplined." The Bernstein analysis concurred, finding that JPMorgan offers relatively little for deposits. Still, the bank has been using promotions to get more people in the door. For example, in recent months, Chase has been mailing offers of a $500 cash payment to new depositors who meet certain conditions, such as holding at least $15,000 in a savings account for three months. Such come-ons are a marketing expense and do not lower the profit margin the bank reports for its deposits, Lake said. Chase's consumer deposit profit margin has fallen for at least five years, reaching 1.8 percent in the fourth quarter, compared with 2.76 percent in the same period in 2011. It is difficult for outsiders to assess how customer-acquisition costs would depress that rate, or how many depositors lured through promotions will stay with the bank for the long haul, taking out the loans and paying the fees Chase expects. FLEXING MUSCLE Much of JPMorgan's deposit growth was born through mistakes, the financial crisis and sheer necessity. Before 2007, Chase, like many banks, would lose a lot of customers each year because of poor service. Replacing them was expensive, but the churning expense could be covered by assorted fees, such as for overdrafts. That was sharply curtailed by post-crisis reform. Since then, banks have focused on better service to keep customers. JPMorgan also took over Washington Mutual during the crisis. WaMu had a branch network full of holes in California and Florida, which Chase has tried to plug with new locations. Deposit growth has been a byproduct. Regulator demands that banks shore up funding has also been a factor. Deposits are more stable than short-term financing from capital markets, and new requirements on banks favor deposits from consumers. A big chunk of Chase's additional deposits have also come from the bank's push to gain more investment management business from "mass affluent" individuals, who may not be multi-millionaires but still have a meaningful level of household wealth. They are often Chase customers already, who open Chase Private Client accounts through branches and are offered perks for higher balances. Perhaps the most substantial driver of Chase's deposit growth? Sheer size and scale: it has more resources than competitors to spend to build up deposits. "It is about flexing their muscle," said Mayo. (Reporting by David Henry in New York; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and James Dalgleish) Next In Market News UPDATE 5-Canada's Trudeau welcomes refugees; U.S.-bound passengers turned away OTTAWA/TORONTO, Jan 28 Prime Minister Justin Trudeau welcomed those fleeing war and persecution on Saturday even as Canadian airlines said they would turn back U.S.-bound passengers to comply with an immigration ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries. MIDEAST STOCKS - Factors to watch - Jan 29 DUBAI, Jan 29 Here are some factors that may affect Middle East stock markets on Sunday. Reuters has not verified the press reports and does not vouch for their accuracy. Certain flight crew barred from U.S. entry after Trump order - IATA memo Jan 28 The ban on U.S. travel for passport-holders of seven Middle Eastern states applies to airlines' flight crew, the International Air Transport Association said in an email to carriers around the world on Saturday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 30° Air Quality: PSI 28-34 We set you thinking Sunday 29 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Germany's Schaeuble admits 'mistakes' in refugee policy 1485680503 World Philippine troops kill 15 Islamic State supporters; rebel leader wounded 1485680138 World Iraq Shi'ite paramilitary calls for ban on U.S. nationals 1485679755 World Trump to honor refugee swap deal with Australia: source 1485679715 World Boat carrying 28 Chinese tourists sinks off Malaysia: Xinhua 1485680376 China&India China’s poplar tress — a springtime nuisance 1485680199 World Airlines in Cairo asked to implement Trump travel ban: EgyptAir official 1485679201 World Chaos, anger as Trump order halts some Muslim immigrants 1485677437 China&India X-rays and brothel patrols check sex trafficking in Kolkata’s red light district 1485679305 World Houthi-run authorities in Yemen capital condemn Trump ban 1485677381 World States discussing lawsuit over Trump immigration order 1485677437 World The Knights of Malta-Vatican feud: a tale of chivalry and sovereignty 1485678285 Entertainment Kirsten Tan’s Pop Aye wins screenwriting award at Sundance 1485678402 Sports Serena Williams to play fewer tournaments to aid grand slam quest 1485677802 Entertainment Arrival director Villeneuve ‘very disappointed’ at Amy Adams Oscar snub 1485677511 World Two Iraqis lead legal fight against Trump order blocking entry 1485676256 World Suspected U.S. commando raid in Yemen kills three al Qaeda members: residents 1485675640 World Homeland Security says will 'comply with judicial orders' 1485673840 World How Trump's abrupt immigration ban sowed confusion at airports, agencies 1485673855 World Israeli troops kill Palestinian in West Bank clash: officials 1485673364 World Indonesia’s grand prison plan: Turn penal island into a cattle farm 1485673601 World Muslim-majority Indonesia deeply regrets U.S. immigrant vetting plans 1485672374 World Ex-Panama dictator Noriega let out of prison for brain surgery 1485666597 World Certain flight crew barred from U.S. entry after Trump order: IATA memo 1485667266 World 'Case by case' approach for U.S. green card holders under Trump's new order 1485656078 World Bodies of three decapitated police found in Mexico 1485661710 World Mexico rebukes Israel over Netanyahu wall tweet 1485662962 World Homeland Security says monitoring litigation over Trump order 1485660313 World Yemen 'dismayed' by Trump's immigration order: official 1485660313 World Iraqi MPs want parliament to discuss U.S. travel curbs 1485660313 World Trump's refugee ban no solution to problems, Turkey PM says 1485660313 World Under fire, UK's May criticizes Trump curb on refugees 1485660313 World Green card holders will need additional screening: White House 1485660815 World German Foreign Min cites torture, executions in Libyan migrant camps: report 1485659619 World Trump talks to Putin, other world leaders about security threats 1485657957 Business U.S. tech leaders sound alarm over Trump immigration order 1485658454 Business FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines 1485637945 Singapore Man arrested in Woodlands over unnatural deaths 1485656160 World 7-year-old Thai boy gets Leicester City support after showing football skills 1485591360 World Putin and Trump agree to try to rebuild U.S.-Russia ties, cooperate in Syria 1485639840 World British PM May says does not agree with Trump on immigration 1485654063 World Trump to speak to Saudi, UAE, Korean leaders Sunday: White House 1485653706 World Evoking Reagan and Thatcher, May hails new UK-U.S. 'special relationship' 1485647047 World French presidential front-runner warns accusations play into far-right hands 1485652434 World French Left picks presidential candidate as Socialist rebel faces ex-PM Valls 1485652453 World Canada's Trudeau welcomes refugees; U.S.-bound passengers turned away 1485651607 World Trump says new order on refugees is not a Muslim ban 1485641140 World Trump's call for deadlier Islamic State push may hit limits 1485650527 World Merkel's Bavarian ally calls for quick end to Russian sanctions 1485649440 World Trump, Putin discuss working together on Syria, Islamic State: White House 1485648248 Business JPMorgan upgrades Indonesian stocks to 'neutral' after row The logo of Dow Jones Industrial Average stock market index listed company JPMorgan Chase (JPM) is seen in Los Angeles. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 6:50 PM, January 16, 2017 JAKARTA - JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N> upgraded its investment recommendation on Indonesian stocks to "neutral" from "underweight" on Monday, partially reversing a move it made in November that upset the government. Indonesia cut its business ties with JPMorgan after the U.S. investment bank downgraded its recommendation on Indonesian stocks to "underweight" from "overweight" in a research report issued after the U.S. presidential election. Government officials said JPMorgan's November report "did not make sense" because it gave better recommendations for equities of other emerging economies that Indonesia argued were not doing better than its economy, Southeast Asia's largest. JPMorgan's equities research team wrote on Monday that in the month after Donald Trump's surprise victory, funds sold large amount of emerging markets' bonds and equities which it estimated at $15 billion each. "Redemption and bond volatility risks have now played out, in our view. Bond volatility should now decay allowing us to partially reverse November's tactical moves including upgrading Indonesia to neutral," according to the note sent to clients and seen by Reuters. "Indonesia's macro fundamentals are strong, with high potential growth rate and low debt/GDP with economic reform. Within Asia it was the biggest beneficiary of bond inflows," the bank said, adding that better motorcycle sales data also supported its upgrade. JPMorgan said it remained concerned about volatility in the first half of 2017 and "manages risk with a neutral call". When asked about JPMorgan's upgrade, Indonesia's Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati said "it's good", without elaborating. Responding to the upgrade, Indonesia's central bank governor Agus Martowardojo said 2017 will be a year of recovery for Indonesian corporates, banks and fiscal spending, while 2016 was a year of consolidation. Indonesia's main benchmark index <.JKSE> has dipped so far this year after gaining more than 15 percent in 2016. After JPMorgan's November downgrade, Indonesia's finance ministry dropped the bank's services as a primary dealer for domestic sovereign bonds and as an underwriter for bonds sold to global markets. The bank also no longer receives certain transfers of state revenue. The ministry then issued new rules that require all primary bond dealers - banks and securities appointed to buy government bonds in auctions and resell them in the secondary market - to "safeguard" their partnership with the government and avoid conflict of interest. JPMorgan did not mention the government's sanction in the note it published on Monday. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Zodiac family silver key to $9 billion Safran tie-up Yahoo beats Wall Street view, sees Verizon deal closing in second quarter Xiaomi executive Barra joins Facebook to lead virtual reality business Whirlpool to cut 500 EMEA jobs in dryer manufacturing unit Western Digital's profit, revenue beat estimates Wells Fargo to stop giving branches advance notice of inspections Weak exports curb U.S. fourth-quarter economic growth Wall Street Week Ahead: Optimism among S&P 500 CEOs as Trump takes power Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Wall Street ends flat after 2-day run; Dow stays above 20,000 Inside Today World Boat carrying 28 Chinese tourists sinks off Malaysia: Xinhua Airlines in Cairo asked to implement Trump travel ban: EgyptAir official The Knights of Malta-Vatican feud: a tale of chivalry and sovereignty States discussing lawsuit over Trump immigration order Chaos, anger as Trump order halts some Muslim immigrants Business U.S. tech leaders sound alarm over Trump immigration order FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines German‎ watchdog suspected VW scam on CO2 emissions: report ECB inspection of Monte dei Paschi still ongoing: BOI official Toshiba chair ready to resign over Westinghouse writedowns: Nikkei Sports Serena Williams to play fewer tournaments to aid grand slam quest S’porean windsurfer, 15, trains full-time in bid to make SEA Games, YOG Serena beats Venus to win record 23rd Slam title Nadal edges Dimitrov to set up dream final against Federer Asian champions Jeonbuk appeal to CAS over ban Entertainment Kirsten Tan’s Pop Aye wins screenwriting award at Sundance Arrival director Villeneuve ‘very disappointed’ at Amy Adams Oscar snub Prince siblings decry ‘mismanagement’ of tribute Grammys, CBS to honour Bee Gees with tribute concert The funniest Stephen Chow comedies to watch this festive weekend About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 16 January 2017 | MYT 6:19 PM Bank stocks drag KLCI into the red, key Asian markets down by joseph chin KUALA LUMPUR: Bank stocks took a hit on Monday on selling of Maybank and CIMB as the FBM KLCI closed lower in tandem with the cautious key Asian markets. The weaker market sentiment was due to concerns over the impact of Britain's exit from the European Union, said Reuters. Sentiment was also hit as US policy uncertainty lingered ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration this week. At 5pm, the FBM KLCI was down 13.66 points or 0.82% to 1,658.84 as selling picked up about 3.30pm when European markets opened.   Turnover was 1.79 billion shares valued at RM1.61bil. Decliners beat advancers nearly three to one or 611 losers to 225 gainers and 303 counters unchanged. Market data showed that foreign funds were net sellers at more than RM92mil while local retailers and local institutions were net buyers.  Meanwhile, JPMorgan lowered its recommendation on Malaysian stocks to neutral from overweight, cited that weakness in the Ringgit hit equity investors’ confidence, according to Bloomberg. It said the downgrade was “consistent with a more cautious view on Tenaga”. JPMorgan’s preferred large caps are Petronas Chemicals Group, CIMB Group Holdings and Sime Darby. The ringgit fell against the US dollar but firmed up against the other key currencies. It fell 0.08% to 4.4668 from the previous close of 4.4630. However, it firmed up against the pound sterling to 5.3770 from 5.4400 and it rose against the Singapore dollar to 3.1230 from 3.1260. It edged up against the Euro to 4.7270 from 4.7460. Maybank fell 27 sen to RM8.05 and erased 4.68 points from the KLCI while CIMB lost 10 sen to RM4.72 and wiped out 1.51 points, Hong Leong Bank was down eight sen to RM13.10, Public Bank shed six sen to RM20.02 and AmBank gave up five sen to RM4.44. However, RHB Bank she done sen to RM4.86. Among the telcos, Maxis fell 14 sen to RM6.02 and erased 1.79 points, Digi shed two sen to RM4.89 while Axiata was flat at RM4.72 and Telekom gained two sen to RM6.05. US light crude oil and Brent fell 12 cents each to US$52.25 and US$55.33. Petronas Gas lost 42 sen to RM20.38, Petronas Chemicals five sen to RM7.14 and Petronas Dagangan two sen lower at RM23.76. Crude palm oil for third month delivery rose RM20 to RM3,103 a tonne on stronger export demand and a weaker ringgit. United Plantations fell 38 sen to RM27,  KL Kepong 10 sen to RM24.10, Sime Darby seven sen lower at RM8.45, PPB Group six sen to RM16.24 and IOI Corp three sen to RM4.46. Only World Group fell 28 sen or 12% to RM2.01 with 11.9 million shares done after it announced that 14 outlets in First World Hotel, Genting Highlands would be temporarily closed from Feb 12 . Genting Bhd rose 12 sen to RM8.38 and pushed the KLCI up 0.76 of a point but Genting Malaysia lost six sen to RM4.73. Tenaga shed two sen to RM13.92. Apex Healthcare was the top performer of the day, gaining 28 sen to RM4.88 while Magni-Tech added 18 sen to RM4.53. Among the key regional markets, Japan’s Nikkei 225 fell 1% to 19,095.24; Hong Kong’s Hang Seng Index fell 0.96% to 22,718.15; CSI 300 shed 0.01% to 3,319.45; Shanghai’s Composite Index lost 0.3% to 3,103.43; Hang Seng China Enterprise was down 1.24% to 9,666.09; Taiwan’s Taiex fell 0.92% to 9,292.33; South Korea’s Kospi declined 0.61% to 2,064.17; and Singapore’s Straits Times Index lost 0.4% to 3,013.12. Spot gold rose US$4.77 to US$1,202.11. Tags / Keywords: Markets , Brexit , Trump Related Stories What Dow hitting 20,000 points means to Malaysia If you can make it there, you can make it anywhere Trump’s economic approach is taking shape White House warns China on trade, South China Sea Weak US dollar leads copper markets higher You May Be Interested Making money from money TV advertising unfazed by onset of digital platforms Mitrajaya rides on construction boom Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries Missing tourist boat: I'm monitoring SAR developments closely, says Najib Ponkan oranges choice of the season Property Related advertisement Latest News Teaching older kids about money US companies scramble to cope with 7-country immigration ban Trump immigration curbs cause worldwide chaos, panic, anger Half of Brazil's population lack full property rights, govt says Shell set to sell US$3b North Sea assets to Chrysaor Most Viewed in Business Joey Yap: Good time to invest as assets are cheap Trump immigration curbs cause worldwide chaos, panic, anger US companies scramble to cope with 7-country immigration ban Making money from money Congested development Make no excuses – put your head down, grit your teeth, just do it Unlocking value in MMC Giving banks a run for their money Teaching older kids about money Shell set to sell US$3b North Sea assets to Chrysaor advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video JPMorgan upgrades Indonesian stocks to 'neutral' after row Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Funds News | Mon Jan 16, 2017 | 3:54am EST JPMorgan upgrades Indonesian stocks to 'neutral' after row JAKARTA Jan 16 JPMorgan Chase & Co on Monday upgraded its call for Indonesian stocks to "neutral" from "underweight", partially reversing a move it made in November. The Indonesian government cut its business ties with JPMorgan after the U.S. bank downgraded its investment recommendation on Indonesian stocks to "underweight" from "overweight" in a November research note. "Redemption and bond volatility risks have now played out, in our view. Bond volatility should now decay allowing us to partially reverse November's tactical moves including upgrading Indonesia to neutral," its equity research team wrote in a note sent to clients on Monday and seen by Reuters, referring to $15 billion of capital flows out of emerging markets' bonds and equities after the U.S. presidential election in early November. JPMorgan's research team said "Indonesia's macro fundamentals are strong, with high potential growth rate and low debt/GDP with economic reform. Within Asia it was the biggest beneficiary of bond inflows." Indonesia's main benchmarket index has dipped so far this year after gaining more than 15 percent in 2016. (Reporting by Gayatri Suroyo; Editing by Kim Coghill) Next In Funds News Peng Zhao replaces Kevin Turner atop Citadel Securities -statement NEW YORK, Jan 27 Kevin Turner has departed Ken Griffin's Citadel LLC less than a year after he joined as chief executive officer of the firm's market-making division, a spokesman confirmed to Reuters Friday. BRIEF-Elliott Associates buys 256,000 shares of Arconic's common stock between Jan 25-27 * Elliott Associates LP reports purchase of 256,000 shares of Arconic Inc's common stock between Jan 25-27 - SEC filing Source text: (http://bit.ly/2kbomsn) Further company coverage: BRIEF-Elliott International buys 544,000 shares of Arconic's common stock between Jan 25-27 * Elliott International LP reports purchase of 544,000 shares of Arconic Inc's common stock between Jan 25-27 - SEC filing Source text: (http://bit.ly/2kcxduf) Further company coverage: MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 30° Air Quality: PSI 28-34 We set you thinking Sunday 29 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Germany's Schaeuble admits 'mistakes' in refugee policy 1485680503 World Philippine troops kill 15 Islamic State supporters; rebel leader wounded 1485680138 World Iraq Shi'ite paramilitary calls for ban on U.S. nationals 1485679755 World Trump to honor refugee swap deal with Australia: source 1485679715 World Boat carrying 28 Chinese tourists sinks off Malaysia: Xinhua 1485680376 China&India China’s poplar tress — a springtime nuisance 1485680199 World Airlines in Cairo asked to implement Trump travel ban: EgyptAir official 1485679201 World Chaos, anger as Trump order halts some Muslim immigrants 1485677437 China&India X-rays and brothel patrols check sex trafficking in Kolkata’s red light district 1485679305 World Houthi-run authorities in Yemen capital condemn Trump ban 1485677381 World States discussing lawsuit over Trump immigration order 1485677437 World The Knights of Malta-Vatican feud: a tale of chivalry and sovereignty 1485678285 Entertainment Kirsten Tan’s Pop Aye wins screenwriting award at Sundance 1485678402 Sports Serena Williams to play fewer tournaments to aid grand slam quest 1485677802 Entertainment Arrival director Villeneuve ‘very disappointed’ at Amy Adams Oscar snub 1485677511 World Two Iraqis lead legal fight against Trump order blocking entry 1485676256 World Suspected U.S. commando raid in Yemen kills three al Qaeda members: residents 1485675640 World Homeland Security says will 'comply with judicial orders' 1485673840 World How Trump's abrupt immigration ban sowed confusion at airports, agencies 1485673855 World Israeli troops kill Palestinian in West Bank clash: officials 1485673364 World Indonesia’s grand prison plan: Turn penal island into a cattle farm 1485673601 World Muslim-majority Indonesia deeply regrets U.S. immigrant vetting plans 1485672374 World Ex-Panama dictator Noriega let out of prison for brain surgery 1485666597 World Certain flight crew barred from U.S. entry after Trump order: IATA memo 1485667266 World 'Case by case' approach for U.S. green card holders under Trump's new order 1485656078 World Bodies of three decapitated police found in Mexico 1485661710 World Mexico rebukes Israel over Netanyahu wall tweet 1485662962 World Homeland Security says monitoring litigation over Trump order 1485660313 World Yemen 'dismayed' by Trump's immigration order: official 1485660313 World Iraqi MPs want parliament to discuss U.S. travel curbs 1485660313 World Trump's refugee ban no solution to problems, Turkey PM says 1485660313 World Under fire, UK's May criticizes Trump curb on refugees 1485660313 World Green card holders will need additional screening: White House 1485660815 World German Foreign Min cites torture, executions in Libyan migrant camps: report 1485659619 World Trump talks to Putin, other world leaders about security threats 1485657957 Business U.S. tech leaders sound alarm over Trump immigration order 1485658454 Business FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines 1485637945 Singapore Man arrested in Woodlands over unnatural deaths 1485656160 World 7-year-old Thai boy gets Leicester City support after showing football skills 1485591360 World Putin and Trump agree to try to rebuild U.S.-Russia ties, cooperate in Syria 1485639840 World British PM May says does not agree with Trump on immigration 1485654063 World Trump to speak to Saudi, UAE, Korean leaders Sunday: White House 1485653706 World Evoking Reagan and Thatcher, May hails new UK-U.S. 'special relationship' 1485647047 World French presidential front-runner warns accusations play into far-right hands 1485652434 World French Left picks presidential candidate as Socialist rebel faces ex-PM Valls 1485652453 World Canada's Trudeau welcomes refugees; U.S.-bound passengers turned away 1485651607 World Trump says new order on refugees is not a Muslim ban 1485641140 World Trump's call for deadlier Islamic State push may hit limits 1485650527 World Merkel's Bavarian ally calls for quick end to Russian sanctions 1485649440 World Trump, Putin discuss working together on Syria, Islamic State: White House 1485648248 Business JPMorgan looks for big payoff from lead in deposit race JP Morgan Chase & Co sign outside headquarters in New York. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 1:30 PM, January 16, 2017 NEW YORK - Over the past five years, stock analysts have challenged JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N> executives for keeping so many branches open as customers did more and more banking online. Giving up real estate, the analysts said, was an obvious way the bank could save money when interest income was flagging and regulatory and legal costs were climbing. But executives at the largest U.S. bank resisted. They argued that branches are great billboards for the Chase brand and essential to attracting people who want to open accounts or make major transactions in person. Now it looks like the executives were right, or at least closer than other banks to delivering the right mix of physical and digital customer service. JPMorgan has grown deposits over the last five years faster than major competitors and twice as fast as the industry, according to analysts at Bernstein Research. Deposits in the Chase consumer bank grew in 2016 by 11 percent, or some $61 billion, the bank said when reporting quarterly results last week. Chase now has $607 billion in deposits, setting it up for a massive payoff if it can keep those funds and the company can lend them at higher interest rates in a stronger economy. "We've been growing our deposits very strongly and we're going to enjoy the benefits,” Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said on Friday. For the first time in roughly a decade, banks’ ability to gather deposits is poised to matter mightily to financial performance. Interest rates are rising and the U.S. economy, which has been on the mend for a while, is expected to improve even more with stimulus from federal spending and tax cuts under the new government in Washington. Banks that did not take steps to grow deposits while loan demand was sluggish and interest rates were low may struggle to catch up in the coming years, experts said. “JPMorgan has invested through the slower times,” said Mike Mayo, an analyst at CLSA who has questioned JPMorgan’s branch office strategy in the past. “Now it's time for them to try to achieve a greater payoff.” STRUGGLES AHEAD The full payoff is not a sure thing. Loan demand and lending rates could fall short. The economy might become so strong that depositors put their money to better use. Or, lending could be so attractive that JPMorgan rivals lure deposits away with higher and higher rates. Wary of fickle customers, JPMorgan executives say they are not offering high rates for deposits in a widespread, indiscriminate manner. “We have among the lowest rates paid for deposits in the industry,” Lake said in a conference call with journalists on Friday. “We've been very disciplined.” The Bernstein analysis concurred, finding that JPMorgan offers relatively little for deposits. Still, the bank has been using promotions to get more people in the door. For example, in recent months, Chase has been mailing offers of a $500 cash payment to new depositors who meet certain conditions, such as holding at least $15,000 in a savings account for three months. Such come-ons are a marketing expense and do not lower the profit margin the bank reports for its deposits, Lake said. Chase’s consumer deposit profit margin has fallen for at least five years, reaching 1.8 percent in the fourth quarter, compared with 2.76 percent in the same period in 2011. It is difficult for outsiders to assess how customer-acquisition costs would depress that rate, or how many depositors lured through promotions will stay with the bank for the long haul, taking out the loans and paying the fees Chase expects. FLEXING MUSCLE Much of JPMorgan's deposit growth was born through mistakes, the financial crisis and sheer necessity. Before 2007, Chase, like many banks, would lose a lot of customers each year because of poor service. Replacing them was expensive, but the churning expense could be covered by assorted fees, such as for overdrafts. That was sharply curtailed by post-crisis reform. Since then, banks have focused on better service to keep customers. JPMorgan also took over Washington Mutual during the crisis. WaMu had a branch network full of holes in California and Florida, which Chase has tried to plug with new locations. Deposit growth has been a byproduct. Regulator demands that banks shore up funding has also been a factor. Deposits are more stable than short-term financing from capital markets, and new requirements on banks favor deposits from consumers. A big chunk of Chase’s additional deposits have also come from the bank's push to gain more investment management business from “mass affluent” individuals, who may not be multi-millionaires but still have a meaningful level of household wealth. They are often Chase customers already, who open Chase Private Client accounts through branches and are offered perks for higher balances. Perhaps the most substantial driver of Chase’s deposit growth? Sheer size and scale: it has more resources than competitors to spend to build up deposits. "It is about flexing their muscle," said Mayo. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Zodiac family silver key to $9 billion Safran tie-up Yahoo beats Wall Street view, sees Verizon deal closing in second quarter Xiaomi executive Barra joins Facebook to lead virtual reality business Whirlpool to cut 500 EMEA jobs in dryer manufacturing unit Western Digital's profit, revenue beat estimates Wells Fargo to stop giving branches advance notice of inspections Weak exports curb U.S. fourth-quarter economic growth Wall Street Week Ahead: Optimism among S&P 500 CEOs as Trump takes power Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Wall Street ends flat after 2-day run; Dow stays above 20,000 Inside Today World Boat carrying 28 Chinese tourists sinks off Malaysia: Xinhua Airlines in Cairo asked to implement Trump travel ban: EgyptAir official The Knights of Malta-Vatican feud: a tale of chivalry and sovereignty States discussing lawsuit over Trump immigration order Chaos, anger as Trump order halts some Muslim immigrants Business U.S. tech leaders sound alarm over Trump immigration order FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines German‎ watchdog suspected VW scam on CO2 emissions: report ECB inspection of Monte dei Paschi still ongoing: BOI official Toshiba chair ready to resign over Westinghouse writedowns: Nikkei Sports Serena Williams to play fewer tournaments to aid grand slam quest S’porean windsurfer, 15, trains full-time in bid to make SEA Games, YOG Serena beats Venus to win record 23rd Slam title Nadal edges Dimitrov to set up dream final against Federer Asian champions Jeonbuk appeal to CAS over ban Entertainment Kirsten Tan’s Pop Aye wins screenwriting award at Sundance Arrival director Villeneuve ‘very disappointed’ at Amy Adams Oscar snub Prince siblings decry ‘mismanagement’ of tribute Grammys, CBS to honour Bee Gees with tribute concert The funniest Stephen Chow comedies to watch this festive weekend About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Patrcia Monteiro/Bloomberg The Bond Market Isn't Dead Yet for This JPMorgan Fund by Lilian Karunungan @LK_bloomberg More stories by Lilian Karunungan January 15, 2017, 3:00 PM EST January 15, 2017, 10:20 PM EST Fund returned 8.2% in past year, double its benchmark Emerging markets offer opportunities, fund manager says Don’t count your nails yet for the bond market’s coffin. That’s the message from a JPMorgan Asset Management fund that’s outperformed in the past year by keeping to shorter-maturity securities. The $2.4 billion Global Bond Opportunities Fund has reduced its average duration in U.S. securities to three years from more than five in July, and has jumped into the domestic debt of Brazil and Russia, two higher-yielding emerging markets that have avoided the recent exchange-rate depreciation afflicting Turkey and Mexico. Iain Stealey Source: JPMorgan Asset Management “There’s still life in fixed income -- but it’s a question of what sort of fixed income we invest in,” said Iain Stealey, a London-based managing director who helps oversee $1.77 trillion globally at the firm. “Over the course of this year, we do feel we’re going to see higher core government rates whether it’s the U.S. or Europe," he said in an interview in Singapore last week. Bond investors have been navigating dangerous shoals since the global-reflation trades that caught fire after the November U.S. presidential election victory for a fiscal-stimulus pledging Donald Trump. While the growth enthusiasm has ebbed in recent weeks, some are warning of the potential for more pain this year. Bye bye bond bull market? Read here what some top managers are saying. For Stealey’s fund, the question is how to build on a 8.2 percent return in the past year, based on data compiled by Bloomberg, that’s been double the 3.9 percent gain in its underlying benchmark, the Bloomberg Barclays Multiverse Index. The fund’s recent strategy: Began buying back emerging-market debt since mid-December after the resurgent dollar showed some stability Mix of both local currency and dollar-denominated emerging-market bonds have been raised to 15 percent of the portfolio from 12 percent, still below the 17 percent allocation before the U.S. election Increased holdings of U.S. high-yield bonds as these benefit from a stronger economy The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter The company is positive on the local-currency bonds of Brazil and Russia as their economies are seen rebounding, Stealey said. The domestic debt issued by the two countries returned 4.9 percent and 2.3 percent respectively in the past month as of Jan. 13, indexes compiled by Bloomberg show. Brazil’s 10-year notes offer a yield of about 11 percent and Russia’s around 8 percent, compared with about 2.4 percent for similar-maturity U.S. debt. The benchmark yield in the U.S. will likely rise to as high as 3.5 percent by the end of the year, Stealey forecast. Brazil’s change in president should be “positive” for the country, Latin America’s biggest economy, Stealey said. Russia, the world’s largest energy exporter, will benefit from a rebound in oil prices and the incoming U.S. administration’s more favorable stance could lead to a “toning down of sanctions,” he said. “When we go through fundamental quantitative analysis on emerging markets as a whole, there’s reason to be optimistic,” he said. “There are selections of emerging markets where there are still opportunities. Stronger global growth looks like it’s coming, which should be good for all forms of credit globally.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Google Recalls Staff to U.S. After Trump Immigration Order Trump’s Order on Refugee Limits Draws Iran Retaliation Threat Trump’s Visa Ban Order: The View From a Worried Middle East White House Defends Immigrant Ban After Travelers Stopped Merkel Takes on Starbucks in Bashing Over Unfair Tax Practices Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Scholastic Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Scholastic Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 Capital One National Association Has $736,000 Position in Scholastic Corporation (SCHL) January 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capital One National Association boosted its position in shares of Scholastic Corporation (NASDAQ:SCHL) by 2.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 18,700 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 463 shares during the period. Capital One National Association owned approximately 0.05% of Scholastic Corporation worth $736,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Prudential Financial Inc. raised its stake in Scholastic Corporation by 69.8% in the second quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 136,617 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,411,000 after buying an additional 56,140 shares in the last quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas raised its stake in Scholastic Corporation by 22.6% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 3,668 shares of the company’s stock worth $145,000 after buying an additional 677 shares in the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its stake in Scholastic Corporation by 45.3% in the second quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 16,848 shares of the company’s stock worth $667,000 after buying an additional 5,249 shares in the last quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors raised its stake in Scholastic Corporation by 0.7% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 61,990 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,455,000 after buying an additional 418 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Scholastic Corporation by 2.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 126,601 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,013,000 after buying an additional 3,407 shares in the last quarter. 79.88% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Scholastic Corporation (NASDAQ:SCHL) traded down 0.77% on Friday, reaching $46.23. 218,145 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.59 billion, a P/E ratio of 30.43 and a beta of 0.95. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $46.28 and its 200-day moving average price is $41.33. Scholastic Corporation has a one year low of $30.34 and a one year high of $49.38. Scholastic Corporation (NASDAQ:SCHL) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, December 15th. The company reported $1.99 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.92 by $0.07. The firm had revenue of $623.10 million for the quarter. Scholastic Corporation had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 5.71%. The company’s revenue was up 3.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.89 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that Scholastic Corporation will post $1.61 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, January 31st will be paid a dividend of $0.15 per share. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.30%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, January 27th. Scholastic Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 40.54%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/15/capital-one-national-association-has-736000-position-in-scholastic-corporation-schl.html. A number of research firms have recently commented on SCHL. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Scholastic Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, November 24th. TheStreet raised shares of Scholastic Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 8th. In other Scholastic Corporation news, CFO Maureen Oconnell sold 33,267 shares of Scholastic Corporation stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, December 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $48.05, for a total transaction of $1,598,479.35. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 57,799 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,777,241.95. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CEO Richard Robinson sold 53,026 shares of Scholastic Corporation stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, January 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $46.77, for a total transaction of $2,480,026.02. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 4,372,680 shares in the company, valued at $204,510,243.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 24.16% of the company’s stock. Scholastic Corporation Company Profile Scholastic Corporation is a publisher and distributor of children’s books, a provider of print and digital instructional materials for pre-kindergarten (pre-K) to grade 12, and a producer of educational and entertaining children’s media. The Company operates through three segments: Children’s Book Publishing and Distribution, Education and International. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SCHL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Scholastic Corporation (NASDAQ:SCHL). Receive News & Ratings for Scholastic Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Scholastic Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Catalent Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Catalent Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Receives “Focus List” Rating from Citigroup Inc. Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Westrock Company (WRK) Cut by Analyst Mosaic Company (The) (MOS) Price Target Increased to $20.00 by Analysts at Credit Suisse Group Texas Instruments’ (TXN) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Price Target Increased to $88.00 by Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) Now Covered by Analysts at RBC Capital Markets William Blair Research Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Given New $55.00 Price Target at BTIG Research American International Group Inc. Decreases Stake in RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. (RMAX) McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Shares Sold by Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. Amgen Inc. (AMGN) is Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd.’s 4th Largest Position Curtiss-Wright Corporation (CW) Shares Sold by Emerald Acquisition Ltd. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. Has $5,979,000 Position in PetroChina Company Limited (PTR) Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Shares Bought by Emerald Acquisition Ltd. A. Schulman, Inc. (SHLM) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Enquest Plc (ENQ) Price Target Increased to GBX 53 by Analysts at Barclays PLC Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Price Target Raised to $40.00 at Morgan Stanley Debenhams Plc’s (DEB) Underweight Rating Reaffirmed at J P Morgan Chase & Co Enbridge Energy, L.P. (EEP) Downgraded to “Sector Perform” at National Bank Financial Melco Crown Entertainment Limited (MPEL) Upgraded to “Neutral” by Nomura Prudential Financial Inc. Lowers Stake in Catalent Inc (CTLT) January 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Prudential Financial Inc. reduced its stake in Catalent Inc (NASDAQ:CTLT) by 79.2% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 84,350 shares of the company’s stock after selling 320,730 shares during the period. Prudential Financial Inc. owned 0.07% of Catalent worth $2,180,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of CTLT. Eagle Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Catalent by 85.0% in the third quarter. Eagle Asset Management Inc. now owns 207,796 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,369,000 after buying an additional 95,481 shares during the last quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. raised its stake in Catalent by 2.1% in the third quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 320,561 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,283,000 after buying an additional 6,734 shares in the last quarter. Retirement Systems of Alabama raised its stake in Catalent by 16.3% in the third quarter. Retirement Systems of Alabama now owns 160,750 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,154,000 after buying an additional 22,511 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Catalent by 19.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,361,327 shares of the company’s stock worth $86,856,000 after buying an additional 538,707 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Emerald Acquisition Ltd. purchased a new stake in Catalent during the second quarter worth $123,000. Shares of Catalent Inc (NASDAQ:CTLT) opened at 26.33 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $3.28 billion and a P/E ratio of 31.53. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $25.74 and its 200-day moving average is $24.90. Catalent Inc has a one year low of $18.92 and a one year high of $32.24. Catalent (NASDAQ:CTLT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, November 7th. The company reported $0.16 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.15 by $0.01. The business earned $442.20 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $430.26 million. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.18 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 4.5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts forecast that Catalent Inc will post $1.39 EPS for the current year. WARNING: “Prudential Financial Inc. Lowers Stake in Catalent Inc (CTLT)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/15/prudential-financial-inc-lowers-stake-in-catalent-inc-ctlt.html. A number of analysts have weighed in on the stock. Jefferies Group restated a “hold” rating and set a $28.00 price objective on shares of Catalent in a research note on Tuesday, November 8th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) assumed coverage on shares of Catalent in a research note on Thursday, December 1st. They set a “neutral” rating and a $25.00 price objective for the company. TheStreet lowered shares of Catalent from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Monday, November 7th. KeyCorp assumed coverage on shares of Catalent in a research note on Wednesday, October 19th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $29.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Catalent from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, November 11th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $28.14. Catalent Company Profile Catalent, Inc provides delivery technologies and development solutions for drugs, biologics, and consumer and animal health products. Its segments include Softgel Technologies, Drug Delivery Solutions and Clinical Supply Services. The Softgel Technologies segment is engaged in the formulation, development and manufacturing of prescription and consumer health soft capsules or softgels. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CTLT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Catalent Inc (NASDAQ:CTLT). Receive News & Ratings for Catalent Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Catalent Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Franklin Electric Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Franklin Electric Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 BlackRock Group LTD Reduces Position in Franklin Electric Co., Inc. (FELE) January 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BlackRock Group LTD lowered its position in shares of Franklin Electric Co., Inc. (NASDAQ:FELE) by 2.0% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 150,750 shares of the company’s stock after selling 3,104 shares during the period. BlackRock Group LTD owned approximately 0.33% of Franklin Electric Co. worth $6,137,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of Franklin Electric Co. by 8.5% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 1,535,291 shares of the company’s stock worth $50,740,000 after buying an additional 119,649 shares in the last quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas increased its stake in shares of Franklin Electric Co. by 13.9% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 5,503 shares of the company’s stock worth $182,000 after buying an additional 671 shares in the last quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group purchased a new stake in shares of Franklin Electric Co. during the second quarter worth $5,507,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Franklin Electric Co. by 15.4% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 64,383 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,128,000 after buying an additional 8,573 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its stake in shares of Franklin Electric Co. by 20.4% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 664,780 shares of the company’s stock worth $21,970,000 after buying an additional 112,455 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 78.48% of the company’s stock. Shares of Franklin Electric Co., Inc. (NASDAQ:FELE) opened at 40.05 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $40.11 and its 200-day moving average price is $38.29. Franklin Electric Co., Inc. has a 1-year low of $23.75 and a 1-year high of $44.55. The company has a market capitalization of $1.85 billion, a PE ratio of 24.89 and a beta of 1.50. Franklin Electric Co. (NASDAQ:FELE) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $0.48 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.49 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $239.80 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $244.09 million. Franklin Electric Co. had a return on equity of 13.01% and a net margin of 8.31%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.45 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Franklin Electric Co., Inc. will post $1.65 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/15/blackrock-group-ltd-reduces-position-in-franklin-electric-co-inc-fele.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Franklin Electric Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $36.00. In other news, VP Thomas J. Strupp sold 3,750 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, October 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.26, for a total transaction of $132,225.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, VP Thomas J. Strupp sold 1,794 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, October 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.91, for a total value of $64,422.54. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 20,473 shares in the company, valued at $735,185.43. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 2.67% of the company’s stock. About Franklin Electric Co. Franklin Electric Co, Inc, together with its subsidiaries, is engaged in designing, manufacturing and distributing water and fuel pumping systems, composed of submersible motors, pumps, electronic controls, and related parts and equipment. The Company’s segments include the Water Systems segment and the Fueling Systems segment. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FELE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Franklin Electric Co., Inc. (NASDAQ:FELE). Receive News & Ratings for Franklin Electric Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Franklin Electric Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, January 29, 2017, 3:17 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Cash flow tenuous for many businesses In JPMorgan study, half of enterprises had reserves to cover 27 days or less By JOYCE M. ROSENBERG THE ASSOCIATED PRESS This article was published January 15, 2017 at 1:50 a.m. PHOTO BY AP / JAE C. HONG Weberous Web Design CEO Rafael Romis poses for a photo in his Los Angeles home Tuesday. His startup learned a painful truth about cash •ow the first time its taxes came due. Comments aAFont Size - When Rafael Romis started his website design company five years ago, he kept enough cash on hand to last about two weeks. That worked well until the company's income taxes had to be paid. This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Cash flow tenuous for many businesses Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business N. Koreans jump at call for output Fayetteville firm sees high-flying market for... Pine Bluff initiative chairman encouraged by ... Analyst: Sales not in the bag at Prada, other... Cash flow tenuous for many businesses Restaurants serve up perks to draw, keep work... Bird flu-hit S. Korea agrees to import U.S. e... Ski resorts woo millennials to replace baby b... Lentil prices rebounding after tough Canadian... More Business stories > Comments on: Cash flow tenuous for many businesses To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Early fouls limit Hogs' tenacity (1 comment) Trump: 20% Mexico-goods tax funds wall (38 comments) Police review Facebook remarks about women's march linked to Arkansas trooper (10 comments) May, refugees, Mexico cap Trump's first week (17 comments) Hutchinson 'hesitant' to support smoking ban on medical marijuana (24 comments) Child-porn plea draws sentence of 15 years for Arkansas man (4 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Most Popular Trump travel ban sparks panic abroad, lawsuits at home - 02:43 Trump signs order to bar some refugees; signals prioritizing Syrian Christians - 01:34 EXCLUSIVE: Trump moves fast to restrict immigration - 01:58 Haley: "Time of action" has arrived at U.N. - 01:35 Apple and Amazon battle to control our homes - 02:16 Double thumbs up for JP Morgan's Dimon Wednesday, May 22, 2013 - 02:40 May 21 - J.P. Morgan shareholders have rejected a proposal to split Jamie Dimon's dual roles as Chairman and CEO. Bobbi Rebell reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Jamie Dimon won a vote of confidence at JP Morgan Chase- and will retain both the Chairman and the CEO title of the company. Despite a bitter, months-long shareholder campaign- they voted by an overwhelming margin not to split the roles. Dimon had suggested he would leave the bank had the vote gone the other way. New York University Executive-in Residence and finance professor John Biggs- who is also a shareholder- says it's an all around win: SOUNDBITE: JOHN BIGGS, EXECUTIVE IN RESIDENCE AND ADJUST PROFESSOR OF FINANCE, NEW YORK UNIVERSITY (ENGLISH) SAYING: "First off, his record is unbelievably outstanding. And I don't think there is anybody that can add value to putting in, somehow confusing their role. Jamie Dimon is and incredibly hard-working, able, there is nobody even close to him in the financial world in terms of his ability to run that enterprise. And it just clutters it up to force somehow a chairman. I think it could probably only hurt the company, in a sense that it would just confuse who is in charge." S&P Capital IQ's Erik Oja thinks in general, banks should have the top jobs separated- just not in this case: SOUNDBITE: ERIK OJA, EQUITY ANALYST, S&P CAPITAL IQ (ENGLISH) SAYING: "We think that in this case it's unique for JP Morgan Chase because Mr. Dimon has done a really good job of running the bank since 2006 and secondly he doesn't have yet an appointed successor." Shares of JP Morgan Chase rose on the news. Oja raised his price target on the stock after the vote- and has it rated a buy. SOUNDBITE: ERIK OJA, EQUITY ANALYST, S&P CAPITAL IQ (ENGLISH) SAYING: "We think the stock is very attractive, particularly on price to earnings. Our target price of $58 is just over 10 times our forward EPS estimate, so we find it attractive. And we think that JP Morgan Chase is particularly strong with capital markets and we think that this quarter, which will be reported in mid-July, should have yet another good quarter of capital markets." Some investors say Dimon does need more oversight- after the bank posted more than $6 billion in losses last year- just not so much oversight that he would quit. JP Morgan does have a lead independent director- former ExxonMobil CEO Lee Raymond- who says that changes were coming on the board's risk committee- but did not elaborate. Despite this case, there has been a trend of splitting up the Chairman and CEO roles- many investors believe doing so keeps the CEO from having too much power over the board. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/1oFbVx6 <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=242932225" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Double thumbs up for JP Morgan's Dimon Wednesday, May 22, 2013 - 02:40 Top News » A released Iraqi praises U.S. despite NY... 3:42am IST - (0:53) Trump travel ban sparks panic abroad, lawsuits... Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (2:40) U.S. legislators confront border patrol over... 12:10am IST - (1:58) British PM lays wreath and meets with... Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (1:30) Lion and dragon dances for Lunar New Year in... Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (1:28) Mudslides slams car into truck, killing... Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (0:40) Anti-abortion activists fired up in Washington... Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (1:46) Breakingviews TV: Trump's GDP dilemma Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (5:46) Hindus wade into the Ganges for 'no moon day' Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:00) French, German leaders visit site of Berlin... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:54) Putin-Trump phone call to take place Saturday Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:31) Gambia's president makes a triumphant return... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:34) Business » Wall St slips after soft GDP data, earnings Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (1:12) Alexa versus Siri Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:53) Mexico tariffs could hurt Americans Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (1:40) Goldbean's Jane Barratt on the winners and... Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (3:22) The ups and down of trading with Trump Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:51) Breakingviews TV: Trump's GDP dilemma Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (5:46) Cuba launches exports to U.S. Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:08) Euro zone leaders talk banking rules, unity Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:37) U.S. growth slows Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:22) Abe preps for Trump talks after America's TPP... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) Apple and Amazon battle to control our homes Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (2:13) BT boss tries to reconnect with investors Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:29) Rough Cuts » Japan's PM to meet President Trump in February 1:28am IST - (0:54) Truck crashes into bus Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (0:55) British PM lays wreath and meets with... Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (1:30) France, Germany concerned over Trump's moves... Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (2:05) Southern European leaders at working session... Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (1:40) Lion and dragon dances for Lunar New Year in... Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (1:28) Mudslides slams car into truck, killing... Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (0:40) Trump signs order for rebuilding of military,... Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (1:25) Mexico has "made us look foolish": Trump Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (1:37) Haley presents credentials to U.N. chief... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:43) 'Life is winning again': Pence to... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:27) Trump: Brexit "wonderful" for UK Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (1:00) Technology » Car parks could become 'lungs of the city' Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (2:11) Scientists see a mind controlled virtual... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (2:26) Snow chains for your car that switch on and... Wed, 25 Jan, 2017 - (1:24) First self-driving bus line opens in Paris Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) Three arrested for Facebook Live 'gang-rape' Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (0:51) First self-driving bus line opens in Paris Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) First self-driving bus line opens in Paris Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) The drone that could herald the end of selfie... Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (2:03) Wheat grain size boosted by synthetic chemical Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (2:16) Understanding your pet's emotions with... Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (1:15) Samsung blames batteries for exploding... Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (1:21) Digital entrapment for SMEs at every turn Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (2:49) Oddly Enough » Meet the priest who's also a powerlifting pro Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:58) Japan sumo champ Kisenosato honoured at Tokyo... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:55) Tycoon brings beauty to Manila amid ugly drug... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (2:01) Indian snake charmers struggle to keep trade... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (1:28) Man bites roommate's ear off over Trump fear Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:04) Farmers spray milk powder on EU Council to... Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (0:52) Spider milking time at the zoo, all to save... Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (0:45) Animal tech firm combines fashion with health Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (1:37) Flamenco venue celebrates its 60th anniversary Thu, 19 Jan, 2017 - (2:07) China's Silk Road hits London for Lunar New... Thu, 19 Jan, 2017 - (1:15) Finnish gallery opens exhibition by Juuso the... Wed, 18 Jan, 2017 - (1:04) Puppies pound the gridiron for the 13th annual... Tue, 17 Jan, 2017 - (1:29) Entertainment » British actor John Hurt, star of 'The Elephant... Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (0:51) Lion and dragon dances for Lunar New Year in... Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (1:28) The red carpet for the Screen Actors Guild... Sat, 28 Jan, 2017 - (1:13) Iranian actress boycotts Oscars over Trump... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:25) Kasabian headline Reading and Leeds festivals Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:05) Willie Nelson cancels shows due to illness Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:36) Ryan Gosling and Damien Chazelle bring 'La La... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:16) Shia LaBeouf returns to anti-Trump performance... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:28) Iconic war movie 'Apocalypse Now' getting its... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:10) Madonna says Malawi adoption rumours are... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (0:57) Sundance doc puts focus on 2022 World Cup... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (1:49) Valentino's ethereal haute couture collection Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (0:46) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carlynton Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB Riverhounds - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Kevin Gorman News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Profits at big banks surged last year as 'Trump rally' boosts bottom line The Washington Post | Saturday, Jan. 14, 2017, 9:00 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. NEW YORK — Profits at JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America surged last year, the banks said Friday as the industry receives a boost from a stock market rally that accelerated after the presidential election. The industry is entering what analysts say could be a period of renewed growth as rising interest rates make it easier for banks to earn a profit and President-elect Donald Trump has said he will roll back regulations put in place after the financial crisis that have hampered industry profits. JPMorgan and Bank of America, two of the largest banks in the world, both beat analysts profit expectations and gave positive forecasts for the future. “The optimism for positive change here at Bank of America and among our customers is palpable,” Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan said. The next administration has raised the prospect of corporate tax reform and regulatory changes, Moynihan said. Meanwhile, Wells Fargo trailed its competitors as it continues to recover from a sales scandal that put it in the crosshairs of lawmakers and sparked several federal investigations. In September, the bank admitted that thousands of low-level employees had set up sham accounts to meet sales quotas. In some cases, the customers were charged various fees for accounts they did not know existed. More Business Labor secretary nominee's company outsourced jobs A $90 billion debt wave shows cracks in property boom Diversity in tech: Lots of attention, little progress As Trump pushes for U.S. manufacturing, 'Made in America' is losing its luster in the fashion world Fast-growing technology sector fuels housing boom in cities across America TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending With offseason underway, the Steelers prepare to address areas of need 2 judges halt deportations at U.S. airports as Trump order creates chaos Steelers' Bryant applies for reinstatement Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Women's march, inauguration protests and crushed Super Bowl dreams (Jan. 17 - Jan. 22) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 29 Jan 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Designing app to secure our modern mobile kingdoms Austria's OMV to increase its investments in Abu Dhabi Dubai to produce bio fuel from leftover food Ease of doing business in Dubai attracts investors Egypt determined to end housing crisis in 3 years Qatar's real estate market shows steady recovery Dubai’s private developers emerge winners in mortgages Dubai real estate brokers' commission $410 mln in 2016 Interpipe registers trademark in Saudi Arabia to fight fake steel El-Mohandes Coatings plans export rise to $10 mln at 2017-end Egypt's Abu Soma signs contract for Soma Bay Red Sea Resort Makkah Criminal Court drops crane case citing lack of jurisdiction Austria's OMV to increase its investments in Abu Dhabi Saudi Aramco's oil reserves confirmed by external audit South Sudan aims to more than double oil output in 2017/18 Algeria top gas supplier to Spain in 2016, eyes more EU exports S&P lowers Sharjah rating on rising debt burden Saudi banks likely to outperform GCC counterparts: report Moody's upgrades Afreximbank rating to 'Baa1' Abu Dhabi ADCB says majority shareholder stake now 62.52% Dubai Central Lab launches halal-testing service UAE's National Bonds registers 50% more female savers in 2016 Qatar International Islamic Bank Q4 net profit slips 7.2% Dubai Islamic Bank targets 10-15% loan growth in 2017 Designing app to secure our modern mobile kingdoms Alexa versus Siri Microsoft's market value tops $500 bln again after 17 years Apple strategy in 'smart home' race threatened by Amazon Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Scope for gig economy in UAE's employment landscape Egypt determined to end housing crisis in 3 years S&P lowers Sharjah rating on rising debt burden In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Scope for gig economy in UAE's employment landscape Dubai to produce bio fuel from leftover food Ease of doing business in Dubai attracts investors In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Jordan's King Abdullah to visit U.S. from Monday Syrian Observatory says army thwarts IS attack near Aleppo supply route Lebanon re-launches first oil and gas licensing round Egypt determined to end housing crisis in 3 years In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Morocco growth seen at 4.5% in 2017 vs 1.6% last year Algeria top gas supplier to Spain in 2016, eyes more EU exports In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Trump to speak to Saudi and UAE leaders today: White House Trump ban sparks U.S. immigration chaos, infuriates Muslims Under fire, UK's May criticises Trump curb on refugees Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Most of Gulf moves little, Kuwait rises Gulf to consolidate; few positive cues Alternatives thrive as UAE investors cast nets wide Mideast Stocks: Factors to watch today Most of Gulf moves little, Kuwait rises Alternatives thrive as UAE investors cast nets wide Mideast Stocks: Factors to watch today Saudi Aramco's oil reserves confirmed by external audit Fed to stop mortgage reinvestments in 2018: Morgan Stanley Dollar edges up, Mexican peso tumbles on Trump's tax proposal Egypt may sell bonds in Japanese and Chinese currencies Tunisia expects more bond issues this year Yemen's wheat reserves down to three months supply -UN official Syria's million-tonne Russian wheat deal in jeopardy Gold extends losses to two-week low as dollar rises Oil prices dip as rising U.S. output offsets OPEC-led cuts Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Dubai life guards must be certified by July US administration wants Guantanamo to remain open Saudi Arabia to penalize employers holding workers' passports Iran's Bank Tejarat files lawsuit in European Court of Justice In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Trump to speak to Saudi and UAE leaders today: White House Trump ban sparks U.S. immigration chaos, infuriates Muslims Under fire, UK's May criticises Trump curb on refugees US administration wants Guantanamo to remain open UAE busts 30 drug dealers FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines Interpipe registers trademark in Saudi Arabia to fight fake steel Call for restrictions on grant of new grocery licences in Qatar Saudi Arabia to penalize employers holding workers' passports Saudi Arabia sets deadline to stop using plastic bags, containers Oman courts get tough on consumer law violators Dubai life guards must be certified by July UAE residents urged to get 'no liability letter' after loans are repaid Ever-vigilant law-keepers keep UAE safe Saudi Shura Council rejects expat remittance tax Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Japanese flower exhibition opens in Dubai E-Cigarettes may lure teens who otherwise might not smoke Lindsay Lohan tells Syrian refugees to ‘be strong like Bana’ Community policing in UAE gets further boost Dubai’s first rehab clinic set to open E-Cigarettes may lure teens who otherwise might not smoke Two expats infected with MERS in critical condition Omani develops early prostate cancer diagnosis marker Call for Saudis to apply to US education program Japanese flower exhibition opens in Dubai Anime enthusiasm comes to UAE Camel trek riders head back to Dubai UAE Honey Festival now in February UK Princes William, Harry to erect statue of Princess Diana Saudi king to inaugurate Al-Janadriyah 31 festival Smart changing rooms on Dubai beaches Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort hikes membership fees to $200,000 Sushmita Sen arrives in Manila British actor John Hurt, star of 'The Elephant Man', dead at 77 Iranian actress to shun Oscars in protest of Trump immigrant ban Orwell's dystopian novel back as bestseller since Trump in power Tennis-Nadal edges Dimitrov to set up dream Federer final Olympics-Bolt returns gold medal from 2008 4x100 relay Soccer-Barcelona thrash Real Sociedad to reach King's Cup semis Golf-Tiger struggles at Torrey Pines, Rose sets pace Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Profits soar at JPMorgan, B of A 13 Jan 2017 A huge profit surge at the two biggest U.S. banks, and they can thank the spike in stock prices following Donald Trump's election for that. Fatter revenue from stock and bond trading helped lift JPMorgan Chase's profit nearly 24 percent.JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon voiced optimism for the future, saying, "The U.S. economy may be building momentum."Stronger trading revenue boosted Bank of America Video Transcript A huge profit surge at the two biggest U.S. banks, and they can thank the spike in stock prices following Donald Trump's election for that. Fatter revenue from stock and bond trading helped lift JPMorgan Chase's profit nearly 24 percent. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon voiced optimism for the future, saying, "The U.S. economy may be building momentum." Stronger trading revenue boosted Bank of America's earnings by almost 50 percent. Sharp cost cutting also helped. The rise in interest rates didn't come early enough to impact its bottom line. But the bank said that rise will help significantly expand its net interest income in the first quarter this year. Phoenix Financial Services chief market analyst Wayne Kaufman said expect more positive surprises from banks. SOUNDBITE: WAYNE KAUFMAN, CHIEF MARKET ANALYST, PHOENIX FINANCIAL SERVICES, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "When you see they have less of a regulatory burden, these companies make more money when interest rates go up, and they make more money when the economy goes up." But scandal-plagued Wells Fargo was a party pooper Friday. Its profit fell for the fifth straight quarter. Next week, investors will get results from Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, and Citigroup. Multimedia AUDIO Why companies need to create new role “Chief Digital Officer” AUDIO Impact of Trump's immigration ban AUDIO Update on the first ever electric car road trip in the UAE AUDIO Update on weekend's sports action AUDIO Latest on oil, GCC growth, and US figures gallery Washington's 'March for Life' Advertisement Most Popular Videos Trump travel ban sparks panic abroad, lawsuits at home 17 hours ago - Reuters Videos Alexa versus Siri 2 days ago - Reuters Videos Assad says Syria "should be secular" 23 Nov 2015 - Reuters Videos Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA (ML) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several analysts have recently updated their ratings and price targets for Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA (EPA: ML): 1/9/2017 – Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA was given a new €108.00 ($114.89) price target on by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 1/9/2017 – Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA was given a new €120.00 ($127.66) price target on by analysts at J P Morgan Chase & Co. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 1/6/2017 – Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA was given a new €115.00 ($122.34) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 1/5/2017 – Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA was given a new €110.00 ($117.02) price target on by analysts at Societe Generale. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 12/26/2016 – Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA was given a new €115.00 ($122.34) price target on by analysts at Bank of America Corporation. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 12/20/2016 – Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA was given a new €115.00 ($122.34) price target on by analysts at Bank of America Corporation. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 12/13/2016 – Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA was given a new €114.00 ($121.28) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 12/12/2016 – Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA was given a new €110.00 ($117.02) price target on by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 12/7/2016 – Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. 12/5/2016 – Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA was given a new €110.00 ($117.02) price target on by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 12/1/2016 – Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA was given a new €114.00 ($121.28) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 11/29/2016 – Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA was given a new €93.00 ($98.94) price target on by analysts at Jefferies Group. They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 11/29/2016 – Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA was given a new €117.00 ($124.47) price target on by analysts at Citigroup Inc.. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 11/25/2016 – Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA was given a new €115.00 ($122.34) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 11/23/2016 – Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA was given a new €114.00 ($121.28) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 11/22/2016 – Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA was given a new €80.00 ($85.11) price target on by analysts at Berenberg Bank. They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 11/21/2016 – Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA was given a new €100.00 ($106.38) price target on by analysts at HSBC. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA (EPA:ML) traded down 1.75% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching €104.05. 415,845 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a market capitalization of €18.78 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.73. Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA has a 52 week low of €77.40 and a 52 week high of €107.90. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €104.54 and its 200 day moving average price is €97.15. Compagnie Generale des Etablissements Michelin SCA (Michelin SCA) is a France-based company, which is mainly engaged in the manufacture and distribution of tires for a variety of vehicles. In addition, it publishes maps and guides, and offers digital products and services. The Company’s main activity is the production of tires for passenger cars, two-wheeled vehicles, trucks, agricultural equipment and aircraft, among others, which are sold through such distribution divisions as Euromaster in Europe and TCI in the United States. Receive News & Ratings for Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 17 January 2017 Banks back in vogue by yvonne tan Banking sector expected to outperform the market once again in 2017 PETALING JAYA: Although interest rates are not likely to go up anytime soon in Malaysia, it has not stopped some form of renewed enthusiasm for the banking sector. The Kuala Lumpur Finance Index (KLFIN), which tracks the performance of banks, is up more than 2% since Nov 8 when Donald Trump was elected as the new president of the United States. On a comparison basis, the benchmark FBM KLCI has remained flat over the same period. Last Friday, the KLFIN hit a nine-month high while for the whole of 2016, the KLFIN outperformed the benchmark index by 4.6%. Observers reckon local sentiment is being helped by a spillover in optimism from the US banking sector, which is set to do better in view of rising interest rates and a less regulated environment as promised by Trump. Specifically, the expectation of a rising US interest rate environment would tend to discourage banks from giving discounts on their loans. This is because consumers and corporations themselves will tend to chase for loans with the view of locking in their borrowing costs if they anticipate interest rates to rise in the short term. At the same time, financially strong corporations could also undertake deleveraging exercises to reduce their debts. “Whatever the case, banks will benefit from rising rates. Their earnings have been compressed for the longest time due to ultra-low interest rates,” said a banker. In the US, Wells Fargo & Co, JPMorgan Chase & Co and Bank of America have all started to report good results, sending the S&P 500’s banking sub-sector to its highest level since February 2008 last Friday. Having said that, not all fund managers here are positive on the sector yet. “I am not positive on the sector yet, but I am buying selectively because banks being part of the index can’t really be ignored,” Danny Wong, fund manager at Areca Capital, said. Wong, who manages some RM700mil in funds, said he had accumulated some CIMB Group Holdings Bhd shares following the banking group’s massive cost-reduction programme over the past couple of years, and also has some Malayan Banking Bhd (Maybank) shares as part of Areca’s strategic holdings. “But for most banks, I need a couple of quarters more to see how they perform.” Thomas Yong, fund manager at Fortress Capital Asset Management, said he would still be staying away from banks for now. Banks both here and in the region have generally been hit in recent times by a confluence of factors, including a slowing economy, weak commodity prices and weak stock markets. Most hit were lenders with exposure to Indonesia due to the fall in commodity prices and steep rise in interest rates there that caused a spike in bad loans. As such valuations of banking stocks have come down in the past few years, with many financial institutions trading at below one times book value, which means that their intrinsic value is much higher than their liabilities. In good times, banking transactions are generally done at between 1.5 to two times book value. Valuations-wise, the five largest banks in Malaysia currently trade at a price-to-book (P/B) ratio range of between 0.8 times and 1.27 times, with one trading at a P/B ratio of around 2.3 times. Generally, a P/B ratio of less than one is thought of as compelling enough for investors to buy in. Meanwhile, in its report to clients yesterday, UOB Kay Hian said as the market here begins to price in the upcoming 14th General Election (GE14), the larger-cap banking stocks may be seen as indirect proxies to improved election-driven market sentiment. On Maybank specifically, the research house said drawing parallels to GE13, it is clear that Maybank’s share price could continue to outperform in the run-up to GE14. “Assuming valuations were to stretch towards the historical five-year mean P/B of 1.40 times (lower than the 10-year mean of 1.80 times), we believe a positive election-driven sentiment could drive the share price to the RM9 level,” it said. CIMB Research in a report yesterday predicted a better year ahead for the financial sector. It said that although loans growth is expected to be weak at between 5% and 6% this year, the margins of banks are expected to improve. Tags / Keywords: Banking , Economy , Investing , Markets , banks Related Stories Giving banks a run for their money RBS to take US$3.8bil charge tied to US mortgage probe Fitch: Slow progress in Asean5 banking integration Singapore wealth fund hits snag on Vietnam deal approval Merger optimism, valuations spark MBSB rally You May Be Interested Joey Yap: Good time to invest as assets are cheap New ruling on plastic benefits SCGM US economy slows on wider trade gap; business spending rises Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read A road trapped in time The gift of giving Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 Property Related advertisement Latest News Teaching older kids about money US companies scramble to cope with 7-country immigration ban Trump immigration curbs cause worldwide chaos, panic, anger Half of Brazil's population lack full property rights, govt says Shell set to sell US$3b North Sea assets to Chrysaor Most Viewed in Business Joey Yap: Good time to invest as assets are cheap Trump immigration curbs cause worldwide chaos, panic, anger US companies scramble to cope with 7-country immigration ban Making money from money Congested development Make no excuses – put your head down, grit your teeth, just do it Unlocking value in MMC Giving banks a run for their money Teaching older kids about money Shell set to sell US$3b North Sea assets to Chrysaor advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Nation/World Big-money names behind inaugural start to come out despite Trump’s secrecy plan MONDAY, JAN. 16, 2017, 2:09 P.M. Honor guards from different branches of the U.S. Armed Forces, march on the North Lawn driveway of the White House in Washington on Sunday during rehearsal for the presidential inauguration on Friday. (Manuel Balce Ceneta / Associated Press) By Anita Kumar Tribune News Service Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Past inaugurations Estimates of how much money presidents raised for inaugurations Barack Obama, 2009, $53 million; 2012, $44 million. George W. Bush, 2005, $42.3 million; 2001, $30 million. Bill Clinton, 1997, $29 million; 1993, $25 million to $30 million. George H.W. Bush, 1989, $30 million. Ronald Reagan, 1985, $20 million; 1981, $16.3 million. Jimmy Carter, 1977, $3.5 million. Richard Nixon, 1973, $4 million. (Source: Congressional Research Service) NEW YORK – Donald Trump is trying to keep the names of the people and companies donating millions of dollars to his inauguration festivities this week a secret – a break from his Republican and Democratic predecessors in the White House. At least the last three presidents, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama, all disclosed names of donors before they were sworn into office. A federal law passed when Bush was in office required presidents to reveal names of contributors, but only 90 days following the inauguration. Some names have been leaked out or have been released by the donors themselves. Chevron gave $500,000 and will sponsor additional events and Boeing pledged $1 million, according to the companies. AT&T and JPMorgan Chase also donated, according to the companies. Other corporate donors include those who donated to Obama’s inauguration or had declined to contribute to the Republican National Convention last summer, including UPS, Bank of America and Deloitte, according to The New York Times. “It is all about access and influence,” said Craig Holman, a lobbyist for the nonpartisan public advocacy group Public Citizen. “Donations come in very large amounts and from those who almost always want something from the new administration.” Occidental Petroleum, one of Clinton’s donors, for example, reached a settlement with the Energy Department in a price-fixing case after Clinton took office. AT&T, one of Obama’s donors, lobbied for regulatory approval of a merger with rival T-Mobile. Trump’s decision doesn’t surprise those who have watched him hire or appoint donors and lobbyists as well as advocate for secrecy. He failed to release the names of so-called bundlers who raised thousands of dollars for him from friends, acquaintances and associates. He failed to release his tax returns, a common practice for presidential nominees for four decades. Some of his nominees to be Cabinet secretaries have delayed providing background materials before their confirmation hearings. And in recent days, he has threatened to investigate how journalists received classified information. John Wonderlich, executive director for the Sunlight Foundation, which advocates for more openness in government, called Trump one of the most secretive candidates in modern history. “This trend is continuing through the pre-presidency and likely the presidency,” he said. Trump is expected to raise more than $90 million – a record amount – from people and corporations to pay for days of activities, including receptions, balls and the parade surrounding the 58th inauguration celebration. Taxpayers will spend millions more on the official swearing-in ceremony, security, construction and cleanup. His inaugural committee, like those of previous presidents, is offering special events and housing that includes access to Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence and their families in exchange for at least six-figure donations. For $100,000, donors will receive two tickets for dinner and a policy discussion with select Cabinet appointees. For $250,000, there’s two tickets to a lunch with women of the first family. For $1 million, there’s four tickets to a lunch featuring Cabinet appointees and congressional leaders and four tickets to a dinner with Pence and his wife, Karen. Trump tapped his longtime friend, Tom Barrack, a California a private equity real estate investor, to head his inaugural committee. Members include wealthy donors or Republican loyalists, including Woody Johnson, owner of the New York Jets; casino magnate Sheldon Adelson and his wife, Miriam; and Wisconsin businesswoman Diane Hendricks. They are likely to have made donations themselves and solicited donations from others. Messages left for other large companies that had donated to past inaugurations including Citigroup, Microsoft and UBS, were not returned. Others, including Wells Fargo, said they were not contributing. A spokesman for the committee did not return a request for comment. But a person familiar with the situation but not authorized to speak publicly said that Trump’s team did consider whether to release the names of donors, but determined that disclosing the names early would produce multiple headlines instead of just one when they are required to be released by law. The government places no limits on contributions though Trump’s committee said it would not accept any money from registered lobbyists. Previous presidents have put some limits on the people who could donate and how much they could donate. For at least 24 years, presidents have disclosed inaugural donors but they varied on what additional information they provided In 1993, Clinton disclosed many names before the swearing-in, though the public didn’t learn how much they contributed for three years. Four years later, Clinton pledged disclosure by March 31. In 2001 and 2005, Bush disclosed before his inaugurations the names of his donors, their home cities and the amounts they gave. In 2009, Obama disclosed names, employers and states of residence for donors, along with the amounts of contribution. Four years later, he only released the names with no further identifying information. The Center for Responsive Politics has long advocated for Congress to pass a law requiring more timely disclosure as well as limits on the types of donors and the size of their donations. “Congress says contributions to candidates should be limited,” said Bob Biersack, a senior fellow for the group. “Those same principles should apply inaugurals.” —- ESTIMATES OF HOW MUCH MONEY PRESIDENTS RAISED FOR INAUGURATIONS Barack Obama, 2009, $53 million; 2012, $44 million. George W. Bush, 2005, $42.3 million; 2001, $30 million. Bill Clinton, 1997, $29 million; 1993, $25 million to $30 million. George H.W. Bush, 1989, $30 million. Ronald Reagan, 1985, $20 million; 1981, $16.3 million. Jimmy Carter, 1977, $3.5 million. Richard Nixon, 1973, $4 million. —- (Source: Congressional Research Service) —- (Vera Bergengruen in Washington contributed to this story.) —- )2017 McClatchy Washington Bureau Visit the McClatchy Washington Bureau at www.mcclatchydc.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. ——- PHOTO (for help with images, contact 312-222-4194): TRUMP ––––– Topics: t000002953,t000047702,t000194684,t000397992,t000047694,t000047683,t000047682,t000047680 AP-WF-01-16-17 2041GMT Published: Jan. 16, 2017, 2:09 p.m.  Tags: corporations, Donald Trump, donations, Election, inauguration, pay for play, politics, transition ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev US judge bars deportations under Trump travel ban Small business owners brace for new regulations in Minneapolis and St. Paul Waconia woman crawls back from the 'dead' Surrogacy is the latest reproductive rights debate at the Minnesota Capitol St. Paul school suspensions are down, but concerns linger, especially over race For Gov. Dayton, cancer diagnosis is just another challenge in the job Botox is booming among millennials — some as young as 18 Ryan Suter enjoying life in Minnesota on, off the ice 'This Is Us' is TV's surprise hit of the season – because America needs a good cry The mystery behind Mary Tyler Moore's smile From Piccolo to pizza, the best restaurants for date night in the Twin Cities next Nation 410857795 Big money names behind inaugural begin to come out By Anita Kumar McClatchy Washington Bureau January 16, 2017 — 9:37pm Al Drago &#x2022; New York Times Plans are underway for the inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump outside the U.S. Capitol in Washington, D.C. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint NEW YORK - Donald Trump is trying to keep the names of the people and companies donating millions of dollars to his inauguration festivities this week a secret — a break from his Republican and Democratic predecessors in the White House. At least the past three presidents, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama, all disclosed names of donors before they were sworn into office. A federal law passed when Bush was in office required presidents to reveal names of contributors, but only 90 days following the inauguration. Some names have been leaked out or have been released by the donors themselves. Chevron gave $500,000 and will sponsor additional events and Boeing pledged $1 million, according to the companies. AT&T and JPMorgan Chase also donated, according to the companies. Other corporate donors include those who donated to Obama’s inauguration or had declined to contribute to the Republican National Convention last summer, including UPS, Bank of America and Deloitte, according to the New York Times. “It is all about access and influence,” said Craig Holman, a lobbyist for the nonpartisan public advocacy group Public Citizen. “Donations come in very large amounts and from those who almost always want something from the new administration.” Occidental Petroleum, one of Clinton’s donors, for example, reached a settlement with the Energy Department in a price-fixing case after Clinton took office. AT&T, one of Obama’s donors, lobbied for regulatory approval of a merger with rival T-Mobile. The making of an inauguration Estimates of how much money presidents have raised for inaugurations: Barack Obama: 2009, $53 million; 2012, $44 million. George W. Bush: 2005, $42.3 million; 2001, $30 million. Bill Clinton: 1997, $29 million; 1993, $25 million to $30 million. George H.W. Bush: 1989, $30 million. Ronald Reagan: 1985, $20 million; 1981, $16.3 million. Jimmy Carter: 1977, $3.5 million. Richard Nixon: 1973, $4 million. Source: Congressional Research Service Trump’s decision doesn’t surprise those who have watched him hire or appoint donors and lobbyists as well as advocate for secrecy. He did not release the names of so-called bundlers who raised thousands of dollars for him from friends, acquaintances and associates. He did not release his tax returns, a common practice for presidential nominees for four decades. Some of his nominees to be Cabinet secretaries have delayed providing background materials before their confirmation hearings. And in recent days, he has threatened to investigate how journalists received classified information. John Wonderlich, executive director for the Sunlight Foundation, which advocates for more openness in government, called Trump one of the most secretive candidates in modern history. “This trend is continuing through the pre-presidency and likely the presidency,” he said. Trump is expected to raise more than $90 million — a record amount — from people and corporations to pay for days of activities, including receptions, balls and the parade surrounding the 58th inauguration celebration. Taxpayers will spend millions more on the official swearing-in ceremony, security, construction and cleanup. His inaugural committee, like those of previous presidents, is offering special events and housing that includes access to Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence and their families in exchange for at least six-figure donations. For $100,000, donors will receive two tickets for dinner and a policy discussion with select Cabinet appointees. For $250,000, there’s two tickets to a lunch with women of the first family. For $1 million, there’s four tickets to a lunch featuring Cabinet appointees and congressional leaders and four tickets to a dinner with Pence and his wife, Karen. Trump tapped his longtime friend, Tom Barrack, a California a private equity real estate investor, to head his inaugural committee. Members include wealthy donors or Republican loyalists, including Woody Johnson, owner of the New York Jets; casino magnate Sheldon Adelson and his wife, Miriam; and Wisconsin businesswoman Diane Hendricks. They are likely to have made donations themselves and solicited donations from others. Messages left for other large companies that had donated to past inaugurations including Citigroup, Microsoft and UBS, were not returned. Others, including Wells Fargo, said they were not contributing. A spokesman for the committee did not return a request for comment. But a person familiar with the situation but not authorized to speak publicly said that Trump’s team did consider whether to release the names of donors, but determined that disclosing the names early would produce multiple headlines instead of just one when they are required to be released by law. The government places no limits on contributions though Trump’s committee said it would not accept any money from registered lobbyists. Previous presidents have put some limits on the people who could donate and how much they could donate. For at least 24 years, presidents have disclosed inaugural donors but they varied on what additional information they provided In 1993, Clinton disclosed many names before the swearing-in, though the public didn’t learn how much they contributed for three years. Four years later, Clinton pledged disclosure by March 31. In 2001 and 2005, Bush disclosed before his inaugurations the names of his donors, their home cities and the amounts they gave. In 2009, Obama disclosed names, employers and states of residence for donors, along with the amounts of contribution. Four years later, he only released the names with no further identifying information. The Center for Responsive Politics has long advocated for Congress to pass a law requiring more timely disclosure as well as limits on the types of donors and the size of their donations. “Congress says contributions to candidates should be limited,” said Bob Biersack, a senior fellow for the group. “Those same principles should apply inaugurals.”   View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Take a look inside 'The Mary Tyler Moore Show' house for sale in Mpls. US judge bars deportations under Trump travel ban Family of teen who died after wisdom teeth procedure sues Edina dentist From Piccolo to pizza, the best restaurants for date night in the Twin Cities Decades-old slaying of Righteous Bros. singer's ex-wife is finally solved Minnesota snowmobile maker Arctic Cat sold for $247 million Trump praises the CIA, bristles over inaugural crowd counts Pence looks like he will be Trump's inside man in Congress Minnesota DACA recipients can now apply for state health care Cabinet picks must do more than Trump to avoid conflicts Trump's idea of voter fraud turns out to include top aides, relatives More From Nation National 7 minutes ago The Latest: UK Prime Minister 'does not agree' with order The Latest on U.S. President Donald Trump and his ban on refugees from Muslim-majority countries (all times local): Movies 38 minutes ago 'La La Land' takes top honors at Producers Guild Awards "La La Land" has won top honors at the 28th annual Producers Guild Awards. National 42 minutes ago US judge bars deportations under Trump travel ban A federal judge's emergency order has temporarily barred the U.S. from deporting people from nations subject to President Donald Trump's travel ban. The judge said travelers who had been detained had a strong argument that their legal rights had been violated. National 57 minutes ago Trump and GOP search for solution for 'Dreamers' Missing from President Donald Trump's blitz of immigration orders this week was any mention of the fate of hundreds of thousands of young immigrants protected from deportation by former President Barack Obama. National 2:05am Officials say Trump, Putin avoided topic of sanctions Officials say the thorny matter of U.S.-imposed sanctions on Russia didn't come up during President Donald Trump's first phone call with Russian President Vladimir Putin, which suggests that the more difficult obstacles to warmer relations between their nations can wait. Related Coverage Ellison says he won't attend Trump's inauguration Jan. 16 Ivanka Trump lays groundwork for policy role in Washington Jan. 16 Martin Luther King's son calls meeting with Trump constructive Jan. 16 Defiant EU nations ready themselves for Trump presidency Jan. 16 HHS nominee Tom Price drew millions from health care industry in his rise to top Jan. 16 Piano Guys say inaugural performance isn't Trump endorsement Jan. 16 Rule easing public lands transfer concerns hunters, others Jan. 16 Most Read Rep. Keith Ellison calls for 'mass rallies' against Trump orders • Nation Trump order barring migrants from Muslim countries causes chaos, outrage • Nation Aging spies save forerunner of CIA • Nation New lawsuit against Baylor alleges 52 rapes in 4 years • Nation Man, son guilty of shackling, raping girl who escaped house • Nation World Ethiopia faces new drought, seeks urgent aid for 5 million New Italian trial set for Berlusconi in a corruption case Nation California governor to get further prostate cancer treatment Aging spies save forerunner of CIA Politics Protesters gather at Minneapolis-St. Paul airport in wake of refugee ban US judge bars deportations under Trump travel ban markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Ryan Suter enjoying life in Minnesota on, off the ice Former Wild goalie Bryzgalov finds fun in new role Wolves Wolves eventually pull away from league-worst Nets NBA Insider: Ex-Wolf Jefferson savors mentor role with Pacers Gophers Loss to No. 22 Terrapins extends Gophers' slide to five games Gophers shut out Bemidji State in North Star Cup third-place game Celebrities Decades-old slaying of Righteous Bros. singer's ex-wife is finally solved A toss of the hat: Minneapolis fans pay tribute to Mary Tyler Moore Vikings Craig: For Falcons' Ryan, stats and NFL history aren't on his side Hartman: Vikings must find a way to fix awful running game poll Poll: Who should get the most minutes at point guard for the Wolves? 10,000 Takes Jana Shortal: Mary Tyler Moore left the light on for newswomen like me Best thing about new 'Star Wars'? Girls like me won't have to play Chewbacca Featured Gallery Inauguration Day: Trump becomes America's 45th president 37 photos As Donald Trump began Inauguration Day Trump supporters flocked to the nation's ... Featured Video Obama's legacy shines brightest in the faces of tomorrow's leaders 05:57 President Barack Obama's term exposed ugly racial rifts in America but a new ... Taste Fans flock to Oak Grill, Skyroom as 113-year Minneapolis tradition ends From Piccolo to pizza, the best restaurants for date night in the Twin Cities StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Press Esc to close Sunday 29 January 2017 News updated at 2:37 PM IST Archives Weather Max: 27.5°C Min : 20°C In Bengaluru Sunny day  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper   Kitchen    Modi asks the youth to spread stories of soldiers' valour      EC orders FIR against Arvind Kejriwal for bribe remarks      'CIA assessed Rajiv assassination 5 yrs before he was killed'      Rs 5K cr withdrawn from Jan Dhan a/cs in a mnth post note ban      Alternative voting rights for domestic migrants not possible now: EC      Rahul Gandhi and I are like two wheels of bicycle: Akhilesh Yadav      U-19 cricket team trainer Rajesh Sawant found dead in hotel      FM may hike service tax to 16-18% in Budget      5 soldiers trapped under snow rescued      Karnataka to amend Act to facilitate Kambala as protests grow      Muslims barred from flights to US, as others detained      Terrorism in J-K due to mishandling by Nehru? MoS PMO      'Swades' woman stopped, quizzed about immigration status in US      Another BSF jawan posts video, claims liquor for force sold to outsiders (video)      Fight against 'corrupt' Badal and 'biggest liar' Kejriwal: Amarinder      Karnataka gets Lokayukta after a year, Shetty sworn in      2 BJP workers attempt immolation over ticket distribution      Trump, Putin set for phone call; GOP concerns on sanctions      Syrian girl Bana Alabed meets Lindsay Lohan      Trump's immigration order prompts Google to recall travelling staff      PM Modi dares Oppn to fight Goa polls on development plank      L&T net jumps 39%, but cuts revenue,order-book guidance to 10%      Cong says it will contest all 10 seats in Amethi, Rae Bareli      Abandoned mortar shell found in park; NSG diffuses it      Former Karnataka CM S M Krishna quits active politics      Note ban an 'unguided missile':Sen, Shourie slams govt      Highlights of BJP manifesto for UP polls      Animal Board will not go against TN Jallikattu law: Nirmala      BJP manifesto in UP promises sops to all sections, Ram mandir on agenda      Bhansali cancels 'Padmavati' shooting, says assault 'uncalled for'      Rahul calls Sukhbir Badal 'symbol of corruption', attacks Modi      Taxi driver held for molesting Australian student      Protests against ban on Kambala intensify in Dakshina Kannada      In 7th Heaven: Serena's 'Sister Act' in 23rd Grand Slam title      President launches pulse polio immunization programme      South African woman arrested, over 1 kg cocaine seized      Trump, Mexican Prez talk over phone to end rift over wall      Jolt to BJP as Adityanath's HYV fields candidates in 6 seats      Nadal vs Federer: Dream final becomes reality in Australia      Missing Pak human rights activist returns home      EC gives green signal to next episode of PM's radio programme      5 army personnel rescued alive from under snow in J&K      Bhansali assaulted, 'Padmavati' shooting stalled by protestors      Google banned 1.7 bn 'misleading' ads in 2016      Facebook introduces security keys to boost account security     Next Story Address grievances raised by men in uniform Read more >> You are here: Home » Panorama » The rising US market and heightened risks The rising US market and heightened risks By Conrad De Aenlle, 17 Jan, 2017, International New York Times The stock market has continued to reach new highs in the United States, troubled only fleetingly by rising interest rates, sluggish corporate earnings and new and uncomfortable political realities. Monetary policy is tightening, government spending is expected to expand substantially, and, as the US presidential election and the vote in Britain to leave the European Union show, trade relations and other ties among nations may be fraying. How those trends progress sho­uld go a long way to determining the performan­ce of stocks and bonds as the year moves along. These aren’t the only issues for investors to contend with, either. Economic indicators have perked up — unemployment in December, reported on January 6, was 4.7%, and consumer confidence is near multiyear highs — but the earnings outlook remains subdued, stock valuations remain high and bond yields are low but rising. Under these circumstances, many investment advisers recommend taking only minimal, reasonably priced risks. “I’m hard pressed to locate any investment where you can make a strong argument that it’s undervalued,” said Joe Davis, global chief economist at Vanguard and head of the firm’s Investment Strategy Group. “Just as the economic environment seems to be improving, the investment environment is more challenging. Investors have more risk in their portfolios than at any time since 1999.” Ben Inker, co-head of asset allocation at the GMO investment firm, likewise finds “plenty of things to worry about.” The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index early this month traded at about 26 times the earnings that the constituent companies reported in the previous year, higher than at almost any time in history. One reason investors are willing to pay so much is that they see even less value in other assets. “The rest of the world looks scarier than the US,” Inker said. “Who would want to touch Europe? Who would want to touch emerging markets?” As scary as they may appear, he recommends investing in emerging stock markets as the best of a series of difficult choices. “It’s not that we have high hopes for the emerging world this year,” he said, “but they’re priced for a really bad outcome. The US is priced for a really good outcome.” American stocks had a really good outcome in 2016. The S&P 500 rose 9.5% to 2,238.83, including a 3.3% gain in the fourth quarter. The average domestic stock fund in Morningstar’s database rose 3.3% in the quarter and 10.9% on the year. Leading the way in the quarter, with double-digit gains, were portfolios that focused on financial services, smaller companies, energy and industrials. Whether managers make the most of it, David Kelly, chief global strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management, finds solid prospects in US stocks this year, more than many of his peers do. He favours sectors most sensitive to rising growth, such as financial services, technology and consumer discretionary stocks. “The general trend of government policy will be pretty pro-business and much more friendly to the US corporate sector than it has been,” he said. But he said that “the Republicans may get sidetracked by antitrade rhetoric.” President-elect Donald Trump has proposed raising tariffs on imported goods, and some Republicans in Congress have proposed changing corporate tax rules to reward exporters and punish importers. Economists generally agree that higher tariffs reduce competitiveness and drive up prices of imported goods, including parts supplied to US manufacturers. Kelly is also wary of Trump’s pledges to incre­ase government spending on infrastructure projects. “There isn’t actually any money in the budget to fulfil his agenda. Congress may decide not to worry about it and push up the debt, and we’ll end up with more debt and inflation,” he said. And we may have higher interest rates, too. The Federal Reserve raised rates in December, only the second time in a decade. Kelly expects three, possibly four, increases this year. The more forbidding rate environment may account for much of the run-up in bond yields last year. Yields on 10-year Treasury issues rose to 2.44% at the end of December from 1.36% in early July, with most of the increase occurring just after Election Day, according to Bloomberg. Bond funds lost 1% in the fourth quarter, depressed by the 11.8% plunge in portfolios that specialise in long-term government issues. For the full year, according to Morningstar, the average bond fund was up 5.9%, helped by double-digit gains in riskier categories like high-yield and emerging market debt. Laird Landmann, co-director of fixed income at the TCW fund-management company, said he saw little to recommend to investors because “asset prices are getting out of whack with the economy.” Inflation is likely to keep rising, he predicted, perhaps exceeding 2.5% this year. His advice is to play it safe and stick with Treasury bonds, certain mortgage-backed securities not issued or guaranteed by the federal government, and bonds issued by US banks. “It’s hard to buy things after eight years of a credit cycle,” Landmann said. “Wait for it to turn; that’s the discipline of being a value investor.” Worst-performing markets When considering any benefits of spending measures introduced by Trump and Congress, it’s important to remember that they wouldn’t be spread far and wide. Hope that the global recovery might at last get some legs helped the emerging stock markets last year, but they gave back about seven months’ worth of gains in the week after the election, as investors weighed the prospect of Trump’s protectionist campaign language being translated into action. The average emerging market stock fund lost 5.5% in the fourth quarter but still gained 9% for the year. International stock funds overall fell 2.8% in the quarter and rose 4.9% on the year. Some of the worst-performing stock markets were in countries on which Trump has focused. Mexico lost 8% in 2016, and the Shanghai Composite Index in China was down more than 12%, although funds concentrating on China and its surroundings rose 0.7%. The president-elect’s outlook “is clearly anti-globalisation,” said Rick Schmidt, co-manager of the Harding Loevner Emerging Markets Fund. “Trade is going to have a bigger impact on some markets than others,” he said. Whether he can implement” his agenda “is one thing, but you have to assume he means it,” he added. “It would be dangerous not to take him at his word.” Just as Inker prefers emerging markets because the risk they entail comes at the right price, Schmidt sees some of the best opportunities this year in beaten-down markets like Mexico. Elsewhere, he finds India overpriced, and he is avoiding utilities and Chinese banks, although he likes banks in other countries. While emerging markets are appealing to many based on their valuations, Landmann warned that they may be particularly vulnerable to potential missteps in a Trump presidency. “Markets are not going to crash necessarily, but you could see crashes in more fragile areas like China,” he said.   Tweet Go to Top Videos Watch: Much awaited Jallikattu finally begins! Activists protest Trump's immigration policy at JFK... Run for better lifestyle: Tendulkar Caste comes in way of food? Watch... Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.'Swades' woman stopped, quizzed about immigration status in US 2.Cong is a 'thing of the past', people should not trust it:Modi 3.Trump set to impose ban on immigration from Muslim countries 4.Trump calls Modi, gets India invite 5.Raids on Cong leader, minister yield Rs 162 cr 1.Edifices of togetherness 2.Mobile museum of rocks, minerals 3.A date with history 4.Oxford college for priests calls for gender-neutral God 5.Sustaining renewable in the long run 1. 'Swades' woman stopped, quizzed about immigration status in US 2. Former Karnataka CM S M Krishna quits active politics 3. All praises for Deepika 4. Trump signs orders to keep Islamic radicals out of US 5. Demonetisation may usher in the era of cashless healthcare Photo Gallery United States' Serena Williams holds up a finger and her trophy after defeating her sister ,Venus... Members of the Chinese community perform a lion dance as they take part in celebrations... A child lights candles during a special prayer ceremony for the soldiers who martyred in Snow... England team players pose for a group photo at VCA Stadium in Nagpur on Saturday... Indian players during the practice session ahead of the T20 match played against England... Army action being perform by cadets during the Prime Minister's NCC Rally 2017... Finland's Henri Kontinen, right, and Australia's John Peers hold their trophy... Prime Minister Narendra Modi being garlanded during his election rally... A man carrying vegetables in his boat at Dal Lake during light snowfall in Srinagar... Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah and Karnataka Governor Vajubhai Rudabhai Vala presents... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 29, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Developing JUDGE STAYS TRUMP REFUGEE BAN Partial Suspension Allows Scores Stuck at Airports to Stay By MICHAEL D. SHEAR, NICHOLAS KULISH and ALAN FEUER 11:17 PM ET A federal judge in Brooklyn issued an emergency stay of part of President Trump’s executive order on immigration, ruling that sending refugees and others back would cause “irreparable harm.” Lawyers for the A.C.L.U., which filed the lawsuit, said the decision affects an estimated 100 to 200 people.  Comments Judge Who Blocked Order Praised for ‘Firm Moral Compass’ 1:18 AM ET The Immigration Order, Annotated Are you affected by President Trump’s executive order on immigration — or know someone who is? If you have information, please contact us: immigration@nytimes.com. News Analysis Ban Is Unlikely to Reduce Threat By SCOTT SHANE The unintended consequence of Mr. Trump’s directive, many experts believe, is that it will make the risk worse. Video by DAPHNE RUSTOW and AINARA TIEFENTHÄLER. Photo by Victor J. Blue for The New York Times   J.F.K. Airport Protest Came ‘Out of Nowhere’ By ELI ROSENBERG 11:17 PM ET Word of the demonstration filtered out from immigrant-advocacy groups and then got a big push from Michael Moore. Disbelief for Refugees Almost in the U.S. By ROD NORDLAND, JOE COCHRANE and PATRICK KINGSLEY Refugees who had already made it through the vetting procedure to be resettled in the United States reacted with disbelief to Mr. Trump’s ban. Sports Officials Fear a Fallout in International Arena A Welcome for Syrians Who Arrived Just in Time By JODI KANTOR Volunteers from an Illinois synagogue gathered to greet one of the last Syrian refugee families to be accepted in the United States with the warmest possible welcome. Far-Right Media Stokes Fear of Muslim Refugees ‘How Do I Get Back Home?’ Visa Ban May Keep Iranian Director From Oscars Trump and Putin Talk, but Not About U.S. Sanctions By PETER BAKER and ANDREW E. KRAMER 10:31 PM ET Mr. Trump spoke by phone with Russia’s leader, in what the new administration called a “significant start to improving the relationship” between the two countries. Unreality Show Echoes Trump’s Business Past By DAVID BARSTOW As a businessman and candidate, Mr. Trump often made dubious statements, but even jaded political veterans have been astonished by his false claims since he took office. Taliban Tap New Income Stream: Bills for Afghan Utilities By MUJIB MASHAL and NAJIM RAHIM As militants have taken over increasingly large areas in the past two years, they have found ways beyond the illicit drug trade to make money. American Is Accused of Aiding ISIS With Gift Cards By ERIC LICHTBLAU The prosecution of Nick Young offers a revealing look at the F.B.I.’s shadowy attempts to identify possible Islamic extremists, an effort President Trump has vowed to intensify. Many Japanese Look for a Shift to Female Heirs to the Throne By MOTOKO RICH As the governing party considers allowing Emperor Akihito to retire, many in the public believe the law should be permanently changed to admit women as heirs to the throne. The Daily 360 1:30 How to Make a Chinese Lantern Sarah Li /The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix Turning an Apartment’s Quirks Into Assets By MICHELLE HIGGINS Apartments in the city often have issues that can turn off a potential buyer. Here’s what you can do about it. 11 Reasons to Buy a Rotisserie Chicken NYT Cooking Reason 1: You don’t have to cook it. Reasons 2-11 are recipes. Veterans Pay the Cost for U.S. Nuclear Tests By DAVE PHILIPPS Between 1977 and 1980, roughly 4,000 service members helped clean up Enewetak Atoll from nuclear tests. Many now have ailments they think result from the work, but the government won’t provide health care. John Hurt, Actor Who Vanished Into Roles, Dies at 77 By BRUCE WEBER Mr. Hurt was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of the title role in the 1980 film “The Elephant Man,” and gained fame as the first victim of the chest-bursting monster in “Alien.” Watch: His Most Memorable Roles 11:57 PM A Tribute to the Apollo 1 Disaster, and the End of an Era By LILY KOPPEL Families of astronauts and fans of space travel gathered at Cape Canaveral for what may have been the last memorial for three astronauts who were killed during a routine training mission. Ten Centuries Later, a Pope and Knights Do Battle By JASON HOROWITZ A Vatican rift has spilled into the Knights of Malta, a sovereign order. Freemasons, beware. Serena Williams Wins Australian Open, Breaking Record By CHRISTOPHER CLAREY With her 23rd Grand Slam singles championship, Serena Williams broke Steffi Graf’s record for most major wins in the Open era and reclaimed the top world ranking. Federer and Nadal Breathe New Life Into Old Classic One-Man Traffic Jam Will Hit City When Trump Visits By SARAH MASLIN NIR The prolonged protection of a president and his glass and steel home in the heart of Manhattan will be a new challenge even for the Secret Service. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. How to Act Drunk, With Richard Roxburgh Mr. Roxburgh stars as Mikhail in “The Present,” a Chekhov adaptation that floats along on a vodka tide, at the Ethel Barrymore Theater. Two Boys Lose, and Find, Themselves in Cricket In Aravind Adiga’s new novel, “Selection Day,” the game of cricket may pull two boys out of India’s slums. No Escaping Politics at the Sundance Film Festival While the event says it champions artists, not politics, its array of films affirms its decidedly diverse identity. Sunday Review Live From the White House, It’s Trump TV By DEREK THOMPSON The president has begun to broadcast his alternative reality.  Comments Editorial: Can Donald Trump Handle the Truth? Trump’s Muslim Ban Is Cowardly and Dangerous By THE EDITORIAL BOARD History has its eyes on Trump officials and members of Congress who know better, but are staying silent. Op-Ed: Trump’s Policy on Immigration Is Illegal Kristof: My Refugee Family How My Mom Learned to Love Her Son By TENNESSEE JONES When I transitioned, she couldn’t look at me without crying. Then we both changed.  Comments Bruni: A Sisterly ‘No’ to Donald Trump Douthat: The Fog of Trump Dowd: Wild Child in Charge User Subscriptions Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Times Insider » Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads An Iraqi Family Split by the Vicissitudes of Asylum Though theirs is an immigrant success story in some respects, with sons working and one owning a business, Maha al-Obaidi grieves that half her family remains half a world away. Seeking a Fresh Start Without Limitations Job loss left a family struggling to pay expenses and turning to public assistance while searching for the right educational environment for a child entering kindergarten. A Door to a Home Brimming With Love, and Open to All Sandra Parker, inspired by her own upbringing, has welcomed the task of raising several of her grandchildren, stepping up when her children could not. ‘To Hell and Back’ as a Cancer Survivor, Storm Victim and Caregiver DeBraan Varvaro, 61, provides care for her younger sister, who is a paranoid schizophrenic. Their financial and health problems worsened after Hurricane Sandy. Earning a Degree, and Her Daughters’ Admiration Latisha Hopewell, a Neediest Cases beneficiary, became the first in her family to earn a college degree. She also motivated her two daughters. After Escape From Syria, Another Dangerous Foe: Diabetes A Neediest Cases beneficiary agency tries to help bridge a health care gap for a young refugee in Jordan, far from home. Stepping Out of the Ring While Rolling With the Punches Joanna Acevedo, 22, had to quit boxing and postpone her dreams to care for her daughter, who was born with a rare condition that has affected her eyesight. After Retirement, Finding a ‘Second Career’ as a Volunteer There are 2,500 volunteers in the Retired and Senior Volunteer Program, working with 350 nonprofits and helping people manage their finances and apply for public assistance. Dangers Behind and Uncertainties Ahead, but Together at Last Eleven years after they last saw their mother, José and Juan Rivera left El Salvador to join her in the United States, where new challenges awaited them. Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. Hungry and Ill in a Country Plundered by Boko Haram A family struggles to get adequate health care and sustenance in Nigeria. From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Book Review Roxane Gay: By the Book Opinion Gray Matter: The Normalization Trap Our minds tend to blur what’s typical with what’s acceptable. Movies The Oscar Redemption Narrative Style The Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Sunday Review Letters: College Success, for All Television Barbara Hale, ‘Perry Mason’ Actress, Dies Music Japandroids: Shriek-Along Punk Sunday Review One Country, Two Tribes Sabrina Tavernise spent 15 years covering political conflicts overseas. Now she sees the same kinds of angry divisions tearing at America. Book Review How Mormon Women Embraced Polygamy Art & Design Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89 Sunday Review How My Mom Learned to Love Her Son Theater From the Stage, Warnings About Complacency Sections World » Ten Centuries Later, a Pope and Knights Do Battle Taliban, Collecting Bills for Afghan Utilities, Tap New Revenue Sources In Canada, Justin Trudeau Says Refugees Are Welcome Business Day » One Certainty of Trump’s Wall: Big Money Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans In America’s Heartland, Discussing Climate Change Without Saying ‘Climate Change’ Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Mexico’s Forceful Resistance Editorial: The Voter Fraud Fantasy Gail Collins: The Trump War on Public Schools U.S. » Judge Blocks Trump Order on Refugees Amid Chaos and Outcry Worldwide Iraqi Immigrant, Caught in a Trump Policy Tangle, Is Allowed to Stay Warm Welcome for Syrians in a Country About to Ban Them Technology » Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans Alphabet’s Profits Stay Predictably Good in a Volatile Industry Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note Arts » Seth Meyers Confronts the Trump Era on ‘Late Night’ Trump’s Visa Ban May Keep Nominated Iranian Director From Attending Oscars John Hurt, British Actor Hailed for His Shape-Shifting Roles, Dies at 77 Politics » Trump’s Plan to Fight ISIS Includes Calling It by That Name Trump and Putin Connect, but Avoid Talk of Lifting U.S. Sanctions Trump Toughens Some Facets of Lobbying Ban and Weakens Others Fashion & Style » Circa Now: These Booths Are Made For Talking: Soothers Hit the Streets Encounters: Even the Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Gets Stage Fright The Complete Guide to New York Fashion Week: Men’s Movies » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Trump’s Visa Ban May Keep Nominated Iranian Director From Attending Oscars Watch John Hurt in His Most Memorable Roles New York » Protest Grows ‘Out of Nowhere’ at Kennedy Airport After Iraqis Are Detained Judge Blocks Trump Order on Refugees Amid Chaos and Outcry Worldwide Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street Sports » Trump’s Immigration Order Could Have a Big Impact on Sports Serena Williams Beats Venus Williams to Win Her 7th Australian Open Title Arrogate Spoils California Chrome’s Last Race, at Pegasus World Cup Theater » ‘Hamilton’ Is Coming to the Super Bowl Bryan Cranston to Play Howard Beale on Stage in ‘Network’ Review: Hungarians Bare Their Dark Side in ‘Our Secrets’ Science » Hydrogen Squeezed Into a Metal, Possibly Solid, Harvard Physicists Say A Genetic Fix to Put the Taste Back in Tomatoes New Prospects for Growing Human Replacement Organs in Animals Obituaries » John Hurt, British Actor Hailed for His Shape-Shifting Roles, Dies at 77 Barbara Hale, Who Played Perry Mason’s Loyal Secretary, Dies at 94 Arthur Rosenfeld, Zealous Champion of Energy Efficiency, Dies at 90 Television » ‘Making It on My Own,’ With Mary Tyler Moore as a Guide Mary Tyler Moore, Who Incarnated the Modern Woman on TV, Dies at 80 Review: ‘Z,’ Hardly the Last Word on the Fitzgeralds Health » Trump’s Pick for Health Secretary Under Scrutiny for Investments The New Old Age: Nursing Home Residents Gain New Protections Travelers With Nut Allergies Clash With Airlines Travel » Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Santiago, Chile Footsteps: The London of London’s Mayor Books » Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Critic's Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a 2017 Must-Read Nonfiction: Emmett Till’s Murder: What Really Happened That Day in the Store? Education » Canada Beckons International Students With a Path to Citizenship A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders Food » City Kitchen: Sun-Kissed Citrus Salad for the Dead of Winter Hungry City: Filipino Food With Subtlety, and a Splash of 7Up, at F.O.B. U.S. Team Wins Bocuse d’Or Competition for First Time Sunday Review » Opinion: Live From the White House, It’s Trump TV Editorial: Donald Trump’s Muslim Ban Is Cowardly and Dangerous Frank Bruni: A Sisterly ‘No’ to Donald Trump Real Estate » 360 View: Harry Macklowe on New York Real Estate Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years Shopping Guide: Shopping for Folding Chairs The Upshot » Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Tax Policy: How to Interpret the Trump Administration’s Latest Signals on Mexico The 2016 Race: Illegal Voting Claims, and Why They Don’t Hold Up Magazine » Feature: ‘The Only Way We Can Fight Back Is to Excel’ Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? Feature: John Edgar Wideman Against the World Automobiles » Your Money: How to Buy a Used Car in an Age of Widespread Recalls Driven: Video Review: The 2017 Honda CR-V Stays True to Its Mainstream Roots Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note T Magazine » Couture Shows: Maison Margiela and Valentino My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Cass Bird What Does ‘Couture’ Actually Mean? Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! Talk to The Times: Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Insider Podcasts: Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Real Estate » What I Love A Theater Actor Finds a Place for All His Props By JOANNE KAUFMAN For Max von Essen, owning an apartment in New York was the first step. Then came the furnishings and the renovations — one for every show. More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GIVAUDAN SA CHF10 - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GIVAUDAN SA CHF10 with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for GIVAUDAN SA CHF10 (GVDBF) January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) reiterated their neutral rating on shares of GIVAUDAN SA CHF10 (NASDAQ:GVDBF) in a report released on Wednesday. A number of other analysts also recently commented on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a buy rating on shares of GIVAUDAN SA CHF10 in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. J P Morgan Chase & Co reissued a buy rating on shares of GIVAUDAN SA CHF10 in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Citigroup Inc. reissued a sell rating on shares of GIVAUDAN SA CHF10 in a report on Thursday, November 10th. Baader Bank reissued a buy rating on shares of GIVAUDAN SA CHF10 in a report on Tuesday, November 15th. Finally, Barclays PLC reissued a sell rating on shares of GIVAUDAN SA CHF10 in a report on Monday, November 21st. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. GIVAUDAN SA CHF10 has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $1,350.00. GIVAUDAN SA CHF10 (NASDAQ:GVDBF) remained flat at $1826.25 during mid-day trading on Wednesday. 7 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average is $1,782.34 and its 200-day moving average is $1,966.76. The company has a market capitalization of $16.83 billion and a PE ratio of 26.14. GIVAUDAN SA CHF10 has a one year low of $1,714.32 and a one year high of $2,138.98. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for GIVAUDAN SA CHF10 (GVDBF)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/goldman-sachs-group-inc-the-reaffirms-neutral-rating-for-givaudan-sa-chf10-gvdbf.html. Receive News & Ratings for GIVAUDAN SA CHF10 Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GIVAUDAN SA CHF10 and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bridge Bancorp Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bridge Bancorp Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Zacks: Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (BDGE) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:BDGE) has been given an average broker rating score of 3.00 (Hold) from the three brokers that cover the company, Zacks Investment Research reports. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating. Analysts have set a 12 month consensus price objective of $33.58 for the company and are expecting that the company will post $0.50 EPS for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Zacks has also given Bridge Bancorp an industry rank of 33 out of 265 based on the ratings given to its competitors. Several analysts recently weighed in on BDGE shares. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Bridge Bancorp from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, September 28th. Hovde Group started coverage on shares of Bridge Bancorp in a report on Friday, January 6th. They issued a “market perform” rating and a $40.00 target price on the stock. In related news, major shareholder Basswood Partners, L.L.C. acquired 585,465 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 22nd. The shares were bought at an average price of $31.00 per share, with a total value of $18,149,415.00. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, Director Jr. Albert E. Mccoy bought 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were acquired at an average price of $27.29 per share, for a total transaction of $136,450.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 88,672 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,419,858.88. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Company insiders own 6.00% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in BDGE. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its position in shares of Bridge Bancorp by 14.4% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 1,672,258 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $47,810,000 after buying an additional 210,288 shares during the period. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Bridge Bancorp by 2.4% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 498,217 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $14,150,000 after buying an additional 11,485 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of Bridge Bancorp by 8.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 468,151 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $13,384,000 after buying an additional 36,581 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in shares of Bridge Bancorp by 37.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 258,606 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $7,394,000 after buying an additional 70,736 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Bridge Bancorp by 16.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 249,661 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $7,137,000 after buying an additional 35,828 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 46.56% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Zacks: Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (BDGE) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/zacks-bridge-bancorp-inc-bdge-given-consensus-rating-of-hold-by-analysts.html. Bridge Bancorp (NASDAQ:BDGE) remained flat at $36.95 during mid-day trading on Monday. 38,005 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a market capitalization of $634.36 million, a PE ratio of 18.86 and a beta of 0.85. Bridge Bancorp has a one year low of $26.23 and a one year high of $38.95. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $36.08 and its 200 day moving average price is $30.72. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 31st. Shareholders of record on Monday, January 23rd will be issued a dividend of $0.23 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, January 19th. This represents a $0.92 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.49%. Bridge Bancorp’s payout ratio is currently 47.18%. About Bridge Bancorp Bridge Bancorp, Inc is a bank holding company for The Bridgehampton National Bank (the Bank). The Bank engages in commercial and consumer banking business, including accepting time, savings and demand deposits from the consumers, businesses and local municipalities surrounding its branch offices. These deposits, together with funds generated from operations and borrowings, are invested primarily in commercial real estate loans; multi-family mortgage loans; home equity loans; construction loans; residential mortgage loans; secured and unsecured commercial and consumer loans; Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB), Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA), Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA) and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC) and non-agency mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations and other asset backed securities; New York State and local municipal obligations, and the United States government sponsored entity (U.S. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Bridge Bancorp (BDGE) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Bridge Bancorp Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bridge Bancorp Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance A-Mark Precious Metals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for A-Mark Precious Metals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. A-Mark Precious Metals, Inc. (AMRK) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet A-Mark Precious Metals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMRK) has received a consensus broker rating score of 3.00 (Hold) from the one brokers that cover the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating. Brokers have set a 1 year consensus price target of $17.50 for the company and are expecting that the company will post $0.33 earnings per share for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Zacks has also given A-Mark Precious Metals an industry rank of 84 out of 265 based on the ratings given to its competitors. Several analysts have recently commented on AMRK shares. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of A-Mark Precious Metals from a “strong sell” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $19.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Wednesday, November 23rd. B. Riley reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $17.50 price objective on shares of A-Mark Precious Metals in a report on Sunday, November 13th. In other A-Mark Precious Metals news, CEO Gregory N. Roberts sold 2,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, December 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.07, for a total transaction of $36,140.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 59,056 shares in the company, valued at $1,067,141.92. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Gregory N. Roberts sold 3,300 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, October 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $15.50, for a total transaction of $51,150.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 65,656 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,017,668. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 43.00% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Northern Trust Corp boosted its position in A-Mark Precious Metals by 3.9% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 25,066 shares of the company’s stock worth $403,000 after buying an additional 935 shares in the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in A-Mark Precious Metals by 1.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 172,142 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,785,000 after buying an additional 3,013 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in A-Mark Precious Metals by 33.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 12,741 shares of the company’s stock worth $204,000 after buying an additional 3,174 shares in the last quarter. Spark Investment Management LLC boosted its position in A-Mark Precious Metals by 33.3% in the second quarter. Spark Investment Management LLC now owns 17,600 shares of the company’s stock worth $284,000 after buying an additional 4,400 shares in the last quarter. Finally, O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC boosted its position in A-Mark Precious Metals by 2,585.4% in the second quarter. O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC now owns 6,982 shares of the company’s stock worth $113,000 after buying an additional 6,722 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 19.46% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/a-mark-precious-metals-inc-amrk-receives-consensus-recommendation-of-hold-from-analysts.html. Shares of A-Mark Precious Metals (NASDAQ:AMRK) remained flat at $19.35 during mid-day trading on Monday. 1,205 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $17.83 and its 200 day moving average price is $16.72. A-Mark Precious Metals has a 52 week low of $14.02 and a 52 week high of $22.07. The stock has a market cap of $136.05 million, a PE ratio of 24.97 and a beta of 0.21. A-Mark Precious Metals (NASDAQ:AMRK) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Monday, November 7th. The company reported $0.27 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.03 by $0.24. A-Mark Precious Metals had a net margin of 0.08% and a return on equity of 8.63%. Equities analysts forecast that A-Mark Precious Metals will post $1.15 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, December 1st. Stockholders of record on Monday, November 14th will be issued a $0.07 dividend. This represents a $0.28 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.45%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, November 9th. A-Mark Precious Metals’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 35.90%. A-Mark Precious Metals Company Profile A-Mark Precious Metals, Inc is a precious metal trading company. The Company is a wholesaler of gold, silver, platinum and palladium bullion and related products, including bars, wafers, grain and coins. It distributes gold and silver coins and bars from sovereign and private mints; provides financing for the purchase of bullion and numismatics; offers storage for bullion, and offers complementary products, such as consignment, customized finance and liquidity programs, such as repurchase (Repo) accounts, and trade quotes in a variety of foreign currencies. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on A-Mark Precious Metals (AMRK) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for A-Mark Precious Metals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for A-Mark Precious Metals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Enduro Royalty Trust - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enduro Royalty Trust with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Enduro Royalty Trust (NDRO) to “Hold” January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Enduro Royalty Trust (NYSE:NDRO) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Tuesday morning. According to Zacks, “Enduro Royalty Trust is formed by Enduro Sponsor to earn net profits interest from the sale of oil and natural gas production from properties located in the states of Texas, Louisiana and New Mexico. Enduro Royalty Trust is based in Austin, Texas. “ Enduro Royalty Trust (NYSE:NDRO) traded up 2.82% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $3.65. 17,332 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $120.45 million, a P/E ratio of 12.54 and a beta of 0.66. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $3.76 and a 200-day moving average price of $3.57. Enduro Royalty Trust has a 12 month low of $1.77 and a 12 month high of $4.55. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Enduro Royalty Trust (NDRO) to “Hold”” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/zacks-investment-research-upgrades-enduro-royalty-trust-ndro-to-hold.html. The firm also recently disclosed a monthly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 17th. Investors of record on Friday, December 30th will be paid a dividend of $0.014 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 28th. This represents a $0.17 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.60%. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Botty Investors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Enduro Royalty Trust by 1.9% in the third quarter. Botty Investors LLC now owns 619,031 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,191,000 after buying an additional 11,500 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Enduro Royalty Trust by 19.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 55,069 shares of the company’s stock valued at $195,000 after buying an additional 8,850 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in shares of Enduro Royalty Trust by 71.6% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 87,549 shares of the company’s stock valued at $311,000 after buying an additional 36,529 shares in the last quarter. 57.94% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Enduro Royalty Trust Company Profile Enduro Royalty Trust (the Trust) is a statutory trust formed by Enduro Resource Partners LLC (Enduro), as trustor, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the Trustee), as trustee, and Wilmington Trust Company (the Delaware Trustee), as Delaware Trustee. The Trust was created to acquire and hold for the benefit of the Trust unitholders a net profits interest representing the right to receive approximately 80% of the net profits from the sale of oil and natural gas production from certain properties in the states of Texas, Louisiana and New Mexico held by Enduro as of the date of the conveyance of the net profits interest to the Trust (the Net Profits Interest). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Enduro Royalty Trust (NDRO) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Enduro Royalty Trust Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enduro Royalty Trust and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 29, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Developing JUDGE STAYS TRUMP REFUGEE BAN Partial Suspension Allows Scores Stuck at Airports to Stay By MICHAEL D. SHEAR, NICHOLAS KULISH and ALAN FEUER 11:17 PM ET A federal judge in Brooklyn issued an emergency stay of part of President Trump’s executive order on immigration, ruling that sending refugees and others back would cause “irreparable harm.” Lawyers for the A.C.L.U., which filed the lawsuit, said the decision affects an estimated 100 to 200 people.  Comments Judge Who Blocked Order Praised for ‘Firm Moral Compass’ 1:18 AM ET The Immigration Order, Annotated Are you affected by President Trump’s executive order on immigration — or know someone who is? If you have information, please contact us: immigration@nytimes.com. News Analysis Ban Is Unlikely to Reduce Threat By SCOTT SHANE The unintended consequence of Mr. Trump’s directive, many experts believe, is that it will make the risk worse. Video by DAPHNE RUSTOW and AINARA TIEFENTHÄLER. Photo by Victor J. Blue for The New York Times   J.F.K. Airport Protest Came ‘Out of Nowhere’ By ELI ROSENBERG 11:17 PM ET Word of the demonstration filtered out from immigrant-advocacy groups and then got a big push from Michael Moore. Disbelief for Refugees Almost in the U.S. By ROD NORDLAND, JOE COCHRANE and PATRICK KINGSLEY Refugees who had already made it through the vetting procedure to be resettled in the United States reacted with disbelief to Mr. Trump’s ban. Sports Officials Fear a Fallout in International Arena A Welcome for Syrians Who Arrived Just in Time By JODI KANTOR Volunteers from an Illinois synagogue gathered to greet one of the last Syrian refugee families to be accepted in the United States with the warmest possible welcome. Far-Right Media Stokes Fear of Muslim Refugees ‘How Do I Get Back Home?’ Visa Ban May Keep Iranian Director From Oscars Trump and Putin Talk, but Not About U.S. Sanctions By PETER BAKER and ANDREW E. KRAMER 10:31 PM ET Mr. Trump spoke by phone with Russia’s leader, in what the new administration called a “significant start to improving the relationship” between the two countries. Unreality Show Echoes Trump’s Business Past By DAVID BARSTOW As a businessman and candidate, Mr. Trump often made dubious statements, but even jaded political veterans have been astonished by his false claims since he took office. Taliban Tap New Income Stream: Bills for Afghan Utilities By MUJIB MASHAL and NAJIM RAHIM As militants have taken over increasingly large areas in the past two years, they have found ways beyond the illicit drug trade to make money. American Is Accused of Aiding ISIS With Gift Cards By ERIC LICHTBLAU The prosecution of Nick Young offers a revealing look at the F.B.I.’s shadowy attempts to identify possible Islamic extremists, an effort President Trump has vowed to intensify. Many Japanese Look for a Shift to Female Heirs to the Throne By MOTOKO RICH As the governing party considers allowing Emperor Akihito to retire, many in the public believe the law should be permanently changed to admit women as heirs to the throne. The Daily 360 1:30 How to Make a Chinese Lantern Sarah Li /The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix Turning an Apartment’s Quirks Into Assets By MICHELLE HIGGINS Apartments in the city often have issues that can turn off a potential buyer. Here’s what you can do about it. 11 Reasons to Buy a Rotisserie Chicken NYT Cooking Reason 1: You don’t have to cook it. Reasons 2-11 are recipes. Veterans Pay the Cost for U.S. Nuclear Tests By DAVE PHILIPPS Between 1977 and 1980, roughly 4,000 service members helped clean up Enewetak Atoll from nuclear tests. Many now have ailments they think result from the work, but the government won’t provide health care. John Hurt, Actor Who Vanished Into Roles, Dies at 77 By BRUCE WEBER Mr. Hurt was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of the title role in the 1980 film “The Elephant Man,” and gained fame as the first victim of the chest-bursting monster in “Alien.” Watch: His Most Memorable Roles 11:57 PM A Tribute to the Apollo 1 Disaster, and the End of an Era By LILY KOPPEL Families of astronauts and fans of space travel gathered at Cape Canaveral for what may have been the last memorial for three astronauts who were killed during a routine training mission. Ten Centuries Later, a Pope and Knights Do Battle By JASON HOROWITZ A Vatican rift has spilled into the Knights of Malta, a sovereign order. Freemasons, beware. Serena Williams Wins Australian Open, Breaking Record By CHRISTOPHER CLAREY With her 23rd Grand Slam singles championship, Serena Williams broke Steffi Graf’s record for most major wins in the Open era and reclaimed the top world ranking. Federer and Nadal Breathe New Life Into Old Classic One-Man Traffic Jam Will Hit City When Trump Visits By SARAH MASLIN NIR The prolonged protection of a president and his glass and steel home in the heart of Manhattan will be a new challenge even for the Secret Service. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. How to Act Drunk, With Richard Roxburgh Mr. Roxburgh stars as Mikhail in “The Present,” a Chekhov adaptation that floats along on a vodka tide, at the Ethel Barrymore Theater. Two Boys Lose, and Find, Themselves in Cricket In Aravind Adiga’s new novel, “Selection Day,” the game of cricket may pull two boys out of India’s slums. No Escaping Politics at the Sundance Film Festival While the event says it champions artists, not politics, its array of films affirms its decidedly diverse identity. Sunday Review Live From the White House, It’s Trump TV By DEREK THOMPSON The president has begun to broadcast his alternative reality.  Comments Editorial: Can Donald Trump Handle the Truth? Trump’s Muslim Ban Is Cowardly and Dangerous By THE EDITORIAL BOARD History has its eyes on Trump officials and members of Congress who know better, but are staying silent. Op-Ed: Trump’s Policy on Immigration Is Illegal Kristof: My Refugee Family How My Mom Learned to Love Her Son By TENNESSEE JONES When I transitioned, she couldn’t look at me without crying. Then we both changed.  Comments Bruni: A Sisterly ‘No’ to Donald Trump Douthat: The Fog of Trump Dowd: Wild Child in Charge User Subscriptions Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Times Insider » Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads An Iraqi Family Split by the Vicissitudes of Asylum Though theirs is an immigrant success story in some respects, with sons working and one owning a business, Maha al-Obaidi grieves that half her family remains half a world away. Seeking a Fresh Start Without Limitations Job loss left a family struggling to pay expenses and turning to public assistance while searching for the right educational environment for a child entering kindergarten. A Door to a Home Brimming With Love, and Open to All Sandra Parker, inspired by her own upbringing, has welcomed the task of raising several of her grandchildren, stepping up when her children could not. ‘To Hell and Back’ as a Cancer Survivor, Storm Victim and Caregiver DeBraan Varvaro, 61, provides care for her younger sister, who is a paranoid schizophrenic. Their financial and health problems worsened after Hurricane Sandy. Earning a Degree, and Her Daughters’ Admiration Latisha Hopewell, a Neediest Cases beneficiary, became the first in her family to earn a college degree. She also motivated her two daughters. After Escape From Syria, Another Dangerous Foe: Diabetes A Neediest Cases beneficiary agency tries to help bridge a health care gap for a young refugee in Jordan, far from home. Stepping Out of the Ring While Rolling With the Punches Joanna Acevedo, 22, had to quit boxing and postpone her dreams to care for her daughter, who was born with a rare condition that has affected her eyesight. After Retirement, Finding a ‘Second Career’ as a Volunteer There are 2,500 volunteers in the Retired and Senior Volunteer Program, working with 350 nonprofits and helping people manage their finances and apply for public assistance. Dangers Behind and Uncertainties Ahead, but Together at Last Eleven years after they last saw their mother, José and Juan Rivera left El Salvador to join her in the United States, where new challenges awaited them. Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. Hungry and Ill in a Country Plundered by Boko Haram A family struggles to get adequate health care and sustenance in Nigeria. From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Book Review Roxane Gay: By the Book Opinion Gray Matter: The Normalization Trap Our minds tend to blur what’s typical with what’s acceptable. Movies The Oscar Redemption Narrative Style The Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Sunday Review Letters: College Success, for All Television Barbara Hale, ‘Perry Mason’ Actress, Dies Music Japandroids: Shriek-Along Punk Sunday Review One Country, Two Tribes Sabrina Tavernise spent 15 years covering political conflicts overseas. Now she sees the same kinds of angry divisions tearing at America. Book Review How Mormon Women Embraced Polygamy Art & Design Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89 Sunday Review How My Mom Learned to Love Her Son Theater From the Stage, Warnings About Complacency Sections World » Ten Centuries Later, a Pope and Knights Do Battle Taliban, Collecting Bills for Afghan Utilities, Tap New Revenue Sources In Canada, Justin Trudeau Says Refugees Are Welcome Business Day » One Certainty of Trump’s Wall: Big Money Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans In America’s Heartland, Discussing Climate Change Without Saying ‘Climate Change’ Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Mexico’s Forceful Resistance Editorial: The Voter Fraud Fantasy Gail Collins: The Trump War on Public Schools U.S. » Judge Blocks Trump Order on Refugees Amid Chaos and Outcry Worldwide Iraqi Immigrant, Caught in a Trump Policy Tangle, Is Allowed to Stay Warm Welcome for Syrians in a Country About to Ban Them Technology » Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans Alphabet’s Profits Stay Predictably Good in a Volatile Industry Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note Arts » Seth Meyers Confronts the Trump Era on ‘Late Night’ Trump’s Visa Ban May Keep Nominated Iranian Director From Attending Oscars John Hurt, British Actor Hailed for His Shape-Shifting Roles, Dies at 77 Politics » Trump’s Plan to Fight ISIS Includes Calling It by That Name Trump and Putin Connect, but Avoid Talk of Lifting U.S. Sanctions Trump Toughens Some Facets of Lobbying Ban and Weakens Others Fashion & Style » Circa Now: These Booths Are Made For Talking: Soothers Hit the Streets Encounters: Even the Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Gets Stage Fright The Complete Guide to New York Fashion Week: Men’s Movies » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Trump’s Visa Ban May Keep Nominated Iranian Director From Attending Oscars Watch John Hurt in His Most Memorable Roles New York » Protest Grows ‘Out of Nowhere’ at Kennedy Airport After Iraqis Are Detained Judge Blocks Trump Order on Refugees Amid Chaos and Outcry Worldwide Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street Sports » Trump’s Immigration Order Could Have a Big Impact on Sports Serena Williams Beats Venus Williams to Win Her 7th Australian Open Title Arrogate Spoils California Chrome’s Last Race, at Pegasus World Cup Theater » ‘Hamilton’ Is Coming to the Super Bowl Bryan Cranston to Play Howard Beale on Stage in ‘Network’ Review: Hungarians Bare Their Dark Side in ‘Our Secrets’ Science » Hydrogen Squeezed Into a Metal, Possibly Solid, Harvard Physicists Say A Genetic Fix to Put the Taste Back in Tomatoes New Prospects for Growing Human Replacement Organs in Animals Obituaries » John Hurt, British Actor Hailed for His Shape-Shifting Roles, Dies at 77 Barbara Hale, Who Played Perry Mason’s Loyal Secretary, Dies at 94 Arthur Rosenfeld, Zealous Champion of Energy Efficiency, Dies at 90 Television » ‘Making It on My Own,’ With Mary Tyler Moore as a Guide Mary Tyler Moore, Who Incarnated the Modern Woman on TV, Dies at 80 Review: ‘Z,’ Hardly the Last Word on the Fitzgeralds Health » Trump’s Pick for Health Secretary Under Scrutiny for Investments The New Old Age: Nursing Home Residents Gain New Protections Travelers With Nut Allergies Clash With Airlines Travel » Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Santiago, Chile Footsteps: The London of London’s Mayor Books » Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Critic's Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a 2017 Must-Read Nonfiction: Emmett Till’s Murder: What Really Happened That Day in the Store? Education » Canada Beckons International Students With a Path to Citizenship A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders Food » City Kitchen: Sun-Kissed Citrus Salad for the Dead of Winter Hungry City: Filipino Food With Subtlety, and a Splash of 7Up, at F.O.B. U.S. Team Wins Bocuse d’Or Competition for First Time Sunday Review » Opinion: Live From the White House, It’s Trump TV Editorial: Donald Trump’s Muslim Ban Is Cowardly and Dangerous Frank Bruni: A Sisterly ‘No’ to Donald Trump Real Estate » 360 View: Harry Macklowe on New York Real Estate Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years Shopping Guide: Shopping for Folding Chairs The Upshot » Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Tax Policy: How to Interpret the Trump Administration’s Latest Signals on Mexico The 2016 Race: Illegal Voting Claims, and Why They Don’t Hold Up Magazine » Feature: ‘The Only Way We Can Fight Back Is to Excel’ Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? Feature: John Edgar Wideman Against the World Automobiles » Your Money: How to Buy a Used Car in an Age of Widespread Recalls Driven: Video Review: The 2017 Honda CR-V Stays True to Its Mainstream Roots Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note T Magazine » Couture Shows: Maison Margiela and Valentino My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Cass Bird What Does ‘Couture’ Actually Mean? Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! Talk to The Times: Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Insider Podcasts: Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Real Estate » What I Love A Theater Actor Finds a Place for All His Props By JOANNE KAUFMAN For Max von Essen, owning an apartment in New York was the first step. Then came the furnishings and the renovations — one for every show. More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Luxottica and Essilor in 46 bln euro merger to create eyewear giant By Reuters Published: 09:13 EST, 16 January 2017 | Updated: 09:13 EST, 16 January 2017 e-mail 128 shares By Valentina Za and Sudip Kar-Gupta MILAN/PARIS, Jan 16 (Reuters) - Italy's Luxottica and France's Essilor have agreed a 46 billion euro ($49 billion) merger to create a global eyewear powerhouse with annual revenue of more than 15 billion euros. The all-share deal is one of Europe's largest cross-border tie-ups and brings together Luxottica, the world's top spectacles maker with brands such as Ray-Ban and Oakley, with leading lens manufacturer Essilor. "Finally ... two products which are naturally complementary -- namely frames and lenses -- will be designed, manufactured and distributed under the same roof," Luxottica's 81-year-old founder Leonardo Del Vecchio said in a statement on Monday. Shares in Luxottica were up by 8.6 percent at 53.80 euros by 1405 GMT, with Essilor up 12.2 percent at 114.60 euros. The merger between the top players in the 95 billion eyewear market is aimed at helping the businesses to take full advantage of expected strong demand for prescription spectacles and sunglasses due to an ageing global population and increasing awareness about eye care. Jefferies analysts estimate that the market is growing at between 2 percent and 4 percent a year, while Luxottica and Essilor say that at least 2.5 billion people in the world still suffer from uncorrected vision problems. The deal also removes -- for now at least -- uncertainty over succession at Luxottica, which has lost three CEOs since 2014 because of rifts with Del Vecchio. "The strategic rationale is strong," JPMorgan Cazenove analysts said in a note, adding that the deal defuses the risk of growing competition between two groups that had been encroaching on each other's areas of expertise in recent years, with Essilor buying online retailers and Luxottica investing in lens manufacturing. ONLINE FOCUS Both companies have been grappling with slowing sales growth, hit by weakness in North America, and face rising competition from cheaper rivals and the challenge of online distribution. While Asia and Latin America are seen by the companies as potential growth markets, e-commerce will also be a top priority. Luxottica's third-quarter results had showed revenue from its online platforms grew by 18 percent, with the company stating that e-commerce had been targeted as an area for accelerated growth in 2017. The third-quarter e-commerce growth far exceeded that for overall sales, which rose by 1.4 percent at constant exchange rates. The merger is expected to boost operating profit by up to 600 million euros in the medium term, the companies said. It will also leave smaller rivals lagging even further behind. Dutch retailer GrandVision and Italy's Safilo Group had revenue of 3.2 billion euros and 1.3 billion euros respectively in 2015. Though advisers on the deal have presented it as a merger of equals, Del Vecchio will be the biggest shareholder of the combined group with a stake of between 31 percent and 38 percent through his family holding company Delfin. Voting rights will be capped at 31 percent. Analysts said that Essilor shareholders are getting a good deal because the share exchange ratio implies a 5 percent discount to Luxottica's closing price on Friday, which was down 27 percent from its 2015 peak. Delfin will contribute its 62 percent stake in Luxottica at a ratio of 1 share in the Italian group for every 0.461 Essilor shares. The French lens maker will launch a mandatory exchange offer on all remaining Luxottica shares at the same ratio, with the aim of delisting Luxottica's shares. TWIN BOSSES The merged EssilorLuxottica will have 140,000 staff and will be headquartered and listed in Paris. It will also have a complex governance structure, with Del Vecchio and Essilor Chairman and CEO Hubert Sagnieres effectively sharing the driving seat, while the 16-strong board will have an even split of Essilor and Luxottica executives. A source close to the deal said no arrangements had been made at this stage for when Del Vecchio will retire. Del Vecchio, who returned to the helm of Luxottica two years ago after taking a back seat for the previous 10 years, will be CEO and executive chairman of the merged group. Sagnieres, 61, will serve as executive vice-chairman and deputy CEO, but he and Del Vecchio will have the same powers. In a conference call with analysts, the two sought to play down concerns over the co-leadership. "We have and share the same values, we have and share the same vision, we have and share the same interest in the product ... If we really want to provide consumers with the best product, Leonardo and I will have to co-manage," Sagnieres said. Del Vecchio, who grew up as an orphan but is now Italy's second-richest person, said he had long dreamed of such a merger. "This marriage will take place and will work," he said. The deal is expected to close by the end of the year and Del Vecchio said he is confident there will be no problems gaining approval from competition authorities. Luxottica and Essilor, which have a market value of about 24 billion euros and 22 billion euros respectively, had explored a possible tie-up a few years ago. Luxottica said in September 2014 that discussions had taken place in 2013 but were dropped for a number of reasons, including shareholding governance issues. A source close to the deal said that the two companies' business models, operations and strategy have converged since then and that the merger makes more sense now, given growing competition. The source said the tie-up had been agreed in the past six weeks. Mediobanca advised Delfin on the merger, with Essilor advised by Rothschild and Citi. Delfin's shareholders are Del Vecchio's six children and his second wife. ($1 = 0.9413 euros) (Additional reporting by Gianluca Semeraro and Claudia Cristoferi in Milan; Writing by Silvia Aloisi; Editing by David Goodman) Share or comment on this article e-mail 128 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'I found a bench and made my bed': Gail Porter reveals she was forced to sleep outdoors and now lives off just £200 a month... after being declared bankrupt The hardest-working top in the world! Kim Kardashian nearly spills out of cropped tank that shows off cleavage AND abs during Costa Rica dinner These boots are made for partying! Michelle Keegan cuts a stunning figure in clinging cream mini-dress and thigh-high boots for night on the town  'I'm lucky to have conceived naturally at 44': Geri Horner reveals delight in smooth delivery of son Montague... and admits she won't be a 'fanatic' about losing baby weight 'It's the reason we split!': Katie Price's ex-fiance Leandro Penna claims 'he ended their engagement after she bedded Simon Cowell... despite glamour model's firm denials'  She's got some front! Thandie Newton wows in plunging dress as she supports Westworld at the Producers Guild Of America Awards 'She could win the whole show!' Will.i.am left embarrassed on The Voice after failing to turn round for a contestant who co-wrote one of his hits Off to the races! Karolina Kurkova shows off curves in form-fitting cream dress and  big floppy hat at  Pegasus World Cup Actor Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he doesn't belong in this country PICTURED: Robin Thicke seen for first time after pulling out from events honouring late father Alan 'I gained 40 pounds': Katherine Heigl reveals her 'terror' as she packed on the pounds during her pregnancy with newborn son Joshua Twice as nice! Bella Thorne shares two topless photos after showing off new piercing in tight pink top Shake It Up actress shared risque photos  Star power: Supermodel Karlie Kloss to lead the runway at the David Jones Autumn/Winter show... as she models the latest collection of moody florals Just like dad! King Cairo, four, shows off his new grill during Costa Rica vacation...while Tyga poses up a storm with girlfriend Kylie Jenner Victoria's Secret Model Kelly Gale shows off her INCREDIBLY toned abs and impressive cleavage as she continues her luxury Bali vacation  Move aside boys! Martha Hunt shows off her incredible body as she takes over historic Muscle Beach for a sizzling photoshoot Bali beauty! The Bachelor's Megan Marx flaunts toned physique in TINY black bikini beachside as she enjoys her new island life with girlfriend Tiffany Scanlon  Kim Kardashian's jewels seized in the Paris heist 'have been MELTED and the only piece left is her £3.5m engagement ring, gang boss tells police' Sheer dazzling! Nicole Kidman stuns in an embellished gown at the Producers Guild Awards with husband Keith Urban Dapper Justin Timberlake dons designer black suit for Variety brunch celebrating Oscar nominees An incredible feet! David Beckham reveals his shoe collection rivals that of wife Victoria as he admits he owns 'thousands' of pairs of football boots Is Vince Colosimo wondering 'What if?' as I'm a Celebrity...kicks off without him after claims the actor was 'pulled' from the cast last minute due to drugs charges Incest, cannibalism, and parties for duck hunters & prostitutes dressed as ducks...but using the 'N word' was a dangerous step backwards in Taboo, by Jim Shelley Curves ahead! Kylie Jenner shows off her cleavage and flat stomach in eye-catching swimwear during family holiday in Costa Rica Kerry Washington shows off her incredible post-baby body in a semi-sheer dress as she hits the Producers Guild Awards red carpet  'He's a hypocrite': Calum Best put up for eviction by Jedward... as they battle against Kim Woodburn, Nicola McLean and Jamie O'Hara to stay in the CBB house Her sexiest selfie yet! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample bosom in teeny designer string bikini on family vacay in Costa Rica 'Another day in paradise': Bronzed beauty Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her hard-earned abs in a bright orange bikini on holiday in Abu Dhabi Back in black!: Olivia Newton-John, 68, looks radiant walking through LAX as she arrives from her Ireland and UK tour Jennifer Metcalfe steps out with boyfriend Greg Lake... after his ex-Geordie Shore co-star Gaz Beadle's cringey tweet about the Hollyoaks actress' relationship with Duncan James She's funny too! Emma Stone does her best Ryan Gosling impression as she promotes awards favorite La La Land PICTURE EXCLUSIVE! Chairlift for two? The Jump's Spencer Matthews and Vogue Williams put on a VERY cosy display as they hit the ski slopes 'I was numb to all the bullsh*t': Rihanna reveals past struggles while recording her Anti album on year anniversary Angelina Jolie rocks black leather pants and boots with silky top as she takes twins Knox and Vivienne, 8, shopping in Malibu Game Of Thrones' Maisie Williams showcases her svelte figure in black mini dress at SAG nominees event A vision in white! Kaley Cuoco wows in embellished mini dress for Entertainment Weekly bash Sadie Frost goes casual in joggers while cosying up to multi-millionaire beau Darren Strowger... as they join Jo Wood and her on-off boyfriend at glitzy birthday bash His leading lady! John Legend plants kiss on Chrissy Teigen as couple make arrival to Producers Guild Awards No Hidden Figures here! Taraji P Henson and Janelle Monae turn heads in delightful dresses at PGA Awards Natalie Portman pays tribute to her Jackie co-star Sir John Hurt after he dies at age 77 Pregnant star released a moving statement So didn't anyone tell Alesha Dixon it was Britain's Got Talent's 'bring your dog to work' day? ...or has she hidden one inside those giant flares?  Not just a pretty face! Victoria's Secret model Karlie Kloss is learning COMPUTER CODING and is launching a Kode with Klossy scholarship for women Charlotte McKinney puts on a leggy display in metallic bodycon dress... after revealing she was called a 's**t' growing up due to her ample chest Back in her bikini! Kim Kardashian shows off her stunning figure as she sunbathes in tiny two piece in Costa Rica Displayed her perfect curves Gaz Beadle's stunning girlfriend Emma McVey flashes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as the pair enjoy a romantic date night in Manchester Purple patch! Katie Piper shows off new LILAC hairstyle as she celebrates success of her latest book with husband Richard  Lindsay Lohan rebrands herself as she returns to Instagram after hiatus with posts about Syrian refugees Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic jihadist immigrants  Funny guy Justin Timberlake photobombs John Legend and Chrissy Teigen at the Producers Guild Awards The doctor is in! Kristen Stewart poses with Peanuts character Lucy for breast cancer benefit at Knott's Berry Farm She's got great jeans! Jessica Biel keeps it casual in ripped denim while leaving her restaurant Au Fudge with son Silas La La Land executive producer John Legend slams Trump's 'Muslim ban'... as musical wins best film of the year at Producers Guild Of America Awards Hilary Duff makes red carpet debut with new beau Matthew Koma at Hollywood bash Sizzling snow bunnies! Vogue Williams, Lydia Bright and Josie Gibson dazzle in vibrant ski suits in the first official stills from The Jump Blonde beauties dazzle 'They are not realistic or even attractive': Jedward slam Nicola McLean's BOOBS after she scolded them for walking in on her changing in the CBB house 'We know each other better than anyone': David Beckham reveals he and Victoria have worked through 'tough times' as he gushes about their marriage on Desert Island Discs Getting a grip on things? Georgia May Foote enjoys a PDA packed frolic on the beach in Los Angeles with shirtless boyfriend George Alsford From yachts, mansions and parties to an AVO: Entertainment entrepreneur Ron Creevey has order taken out against him by wife Danielle She must be hot! Kim Kardashian wears very low-cut tank top as she uses Snapchat filters while playing with North and Saint in Costa Rica GIRL ABOUT TOWN: 'Naked' Kate is on the verge of getting a gong at long last for service to the Royal Family after impressing the Queen with her work for mental health charities  Suddenly shy! Bella Hadid hides behind a scarf and baseball cap in NYC after showing off her chest in see-through dress in Paris The 20-year-old model hid behind a scarf What a pro! Justin Bieber shoots goal for his team at NHL All-Star Celebrity Shootout honouring Alan Thicke The 21-year-old pop star hit the ice Monochrome mayhem! Alesha Dixon flashes her taut tummy and cleavage in a sassy tonal coord at Britain's Got Talent auditions in London Scarlett Moffatt flaunts enviably slender figure in slinky top and skinny jeans on glamorous girls' night... after making presenting debut at the NTAs Showing Scott (and Justin) what they're missing! Kourtney Kardashian stuns in black bra top with silky slacks as she dines with her sisters Legs eleven...out of Ocean's Eight! Sandra Bullock, 52, stuns in thigh-skimming sheer mini-dress on set in NYC Puppy love! Amanda Holden, David Walliams and Ant & Dec cuddle up to their pet pooches as they arrive at first audition for Britain's Got Talent 2017 Daddy and me time! Blac Chyna shares sweet Snaps of Rob Kardashian kissing and cuddling their baby Dream She wore blue lace! Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner dazzles in see-through suit at Variety brunch Left little to the imagination She didn't get the memo! Khloe Kardashian covers up in maroon top and jeans as her sisters model bra tops in Costa Rica 'Oh the horror!': Dame Joan Collins on the nightmarish scene at her home after a leak in a neighbour's flat led to a ceiling caving in  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Anthony Joshua punching above his weight? Heavyweight champion only owns a minority share in his new 'passion project' gym New channel, same old problem...The mentors are better than on the BBC. But ITV is finding improving the contestants rather harder on The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Newly-engaged Pixie Lott oozes androgynous chic in black pantsuit as she cosies up to fiancé Oliver Cheshire at Dolce and Gabbana show in Milan White hot! Amanda Holden oozes sex appeal as she shows off her sensational legs while lounging around during Britain's Got Talent audition break Heather Mills, 49, shows off her sensational figure in a plunging white mermaid maxi as she throws some shapes during night out in Austria 'A few drinks in Scotland!': Pete Wicks enjoys solo weekend away from girlfriend Megan McKenna... following their blazing row at the NTAs All bundled up: Lea Michele looks like she can barely breathe as she wraps scarf tightly around her neck during NYC outing with a pal Move over, Arnold! Adriana Lima shows off toned abs at Muscle Beach in Venice for Victoria's Secret shoot Strutted along the boardwalk  Sharon Osbourne 'negotiates £2million deal to return to X Factor this year... despite not finalising commitments for US show The Talk' Looking good for her lady! Stella Maxwell flashes her amazing abs for spa outing with 'girlfriend' Kristen Stewart Tickled pink! Taryn Manning giggles as she models flirty hair color at Variety brunch after revealing she has no plans to leave OITNB The baby is here! Law & Order: Criminal Intent star Saffron Burrows, 44, welcomes daughter Daisy with her wife Alison CBB's Coleen Nolan breaks down in tears as she discovers son Shane Richie Jr. has taken her surname in show of support during marriage woes Newlywed Luann De Lesseps looks radiant as she dances with RHONY castmates at fundraiser after romantic honeymoon Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown set to appear in her first movie Godzilla: King Of Monsters Expanding career with epic new role Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Hailey Baldwin looks lovely in blue leather outfit as she graces her third Harper's Bazaar cover... this time for Turkey GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Boris takes a leaf out of Churchill's book by posing in a bath (but unlike Sir Winston, the Foreign Secretary kept his clothes on) 'I want another baby!' Emily MacDonagh reveals plans to add to brood with husband Peter Andre... as he admits he 'doesn't mind practicing' New Fifty Shades Darker clip shows extended date night between Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey that gets steamy in elevator Ruff day? Downcast Rooney Mara steps out in all black with her pup following two successful Sundance premieres Just returned from the Sundance Film Festival  Date night! Model Chanel Iman shows off her toned tummy as she joins beau Sterling Shepard for dinner at LA hotspot Make-up free Sam Faiers looks worlds away from her usual glamorous self as she goes low-key in workout gear after a gym session Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out with Liam Payne's ex Danielle Peazer 'She's fuming!' Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry shoots daggers as ex Marty McKenna swears at her during yet ANOTHER explosive spat in nightclub Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration It's only been six months! Kim Kardashian's ex Ray J renews wedding vows with Princess Love in Europe 'We're basically in a relationship!' Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara declare themselves 'official' on CBB... before laughing about her boyfriend on the outside Princess Eugenie keeps a low profile in sombre ensemble as she steps out for dinner at celebrity hotspot Chiltern Firehouse in London 'Stop Crying, we're in Woolies': Guy Sebastian shares video of wife Jules sobbing in the supermarket after watching Lion Affected audience 'F*** you! I'm not your buddy': CBB's Calum Best bites back as Jedward's John Grimes launches a scathing attack on him and Nicola McLean  Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy But where's Jen? Aniston's husband Justin Theroux steps out in all black as he bumps into House Of Cards star Elizabeth Marvel in NYC Sofia Vergara flaunts her fabulous figure in ripped jeans and a slinky poloneck as she enjoys date night with husband Joe Manganiello Teeny bikini! Kelly Bensimon, 48, enjoys a lemon-soaked drink as she splashes around in Miami wearing a body-baring swimsuit Is Tom Arnold the latest star to join I'm A Celebrity....? The Hollywood actor has dropped MAJOR hints that he's headed for the jungle Leonardo DiCaprio goes incognito in bucket hat and dark shades as he plays the tourist while T-shirt shopping in Rwanda 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Jemma Lucy flaunts her assets in black tracksuit as she steps out with leggy gal pal Chantelle Connelly in Manchester... after THAT raunchy naked photoshoot Judgement day! Vanessa Feltz will enter the Celebrity Big Brother house this weekend... and is set to bring trouble with her for Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Turf war rocks racing as Queen's friend slams The Jockey Club over controversial plans to sell off Kempton Park for housing  Retired jockey AP McCoy's wife Chanelle puts on a sizzling display in skimpy white bikini as couple continue sun-drenched Barbados getaway Jamaican me crazy! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock displays her amazing gym-honed figure in a blue bikini for sultry beach shoot Causing a stir Looking ace! Karlie Kloss works nautical chic in a plunging vest and striped skirt at tennis match in Australia Erin Andrews looks healthy out and about in West Hollywood... after revealing secret surgery for cervical cancer last autumn Michelle Heaton flaunts her sculpted arms in halterneck top as she takes sweet daughter Faith to Lego Batman Movie screening Jet lag and 'really long days' on beach shoots: Jessica Hart reveals the tough life of modelling as she admits to owning at least 100 bikinis Not as easy as it seems Kate Fischer being paid to drop pounds? The model has 'signed a magazine deal' to lose 20 kilos after calling herself 'morbidly obese' Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Justin Bieber steps out solo in quirky lensless glasses and ripped jeans... as romance between ex Selena Gomez and The Weeknd heats up Wayne Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her toned figure as she poses completely NAKED before slipping into studded bikini in raunchy X-rated photoshoot That's a wrap! Aidan Turner and Eleanor Tomlinson brace themselves against the January chill as they shoot Poldark season three on the windswept Welsh moors    Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Goodbye my lover! Cate Blanchett blows a kiss to husband Andrew Upton in adorable PDA as he heads to the airport leaving her alone in New York Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Putting the dance in Sundance! Toni Collette and her 'Fun Mom Dinner' co-stars let their hair down as they party into the night following premiere Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'Couple goals': The Bachelor's Richie Strahan shares a VERY loved-up video with bikini-clad Alex Nation as the pair recap stunning Coral Bay trip  Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Staying busy! Heartbroken Celine Dion squeezing in Bee Gees show as she continues Vegas concert one year after husband's death Oscar-nominated Emmanuelle Riva of the film Amour dies in Paris at the age of 89 after long illness Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles Australian model Jessica Hart appears to undergo controversial -129 degree cryotherapy healing treatment  after admitting to jet lag and 'really long days' on beach shoots 'Nobody knows when': Louis Tomlinson hints at One Direction reunion... as he moves on from split with girlfriend Danielle Campbell 'Hottest runway ever': Victoria's Secret models Bridget Malcolm and Karlie Kloss to headline David Jones show with Jesinta Franklin and Jess Gomes Walking Dead star Steven Yeun enjoys a sunlit day out with his pregnant wife Joana Pak Spent sunny day out and about in Los Angeles Barbara Hale, who played the loyal secretary opposite Raymond Burr on long-running crime TV show Perry Mason, dies at age 94 A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Adrienne Bailon is a ray of sunshine in bright yellow dress with thigh high slit at NAACP Image Awards Nominees Luncheon 'I look in the mirror each morning for signs of extra manliness and then I see it': David Campbell pens a hilarious column about growing a beard The Price is right: 2GB shock-jock Steve Price, 62, CONFIRMED for I'm A Celebrity...Get me out of here! And he wants to be 'in charge' Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Should Jess be worried? Ruby Rose trades in Vin Diesel for new co-star as she enjoys blossoming friendship with Pitch Perfect 3 band-mate Andy Allo 'He is making me feel good things': Fans go wild as new Beauty & The Beast posters give a first glimpse of Girl On The Train hunk Luke Evans as Gaston  Serena's final passing shot! Awkward moment triumphant Williams appears to IGNORE her fiance as she hugs model Karlie Kloss after winning the Australian Open  Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Leighton Meester teases a hint of cleavage in plunging embellished black dress as she poses up a storm at Harper's Bazaar bash Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Is Lara Bingle coming back home? Speculation mounts the former model is arriving in Australia this week from New York for the first time with her two sons  'Not a day goes by that he does not make me laugh': Jesinta Campbell gushes over husband buddy Franklin following their secret nuptials She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads 'I don't sit at home and obsess': Jon Hamm says he doesn't watch old episodes of Mad Men because that's 'weird' Actor, 45, played Don Draper on hit show DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event 'You have to laugh or it'll get you down': Casey Batchelor hits back at cruel trolls who brand her natural 32F breasts 'fake and ugly' Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Robin Thicke pulled out of LA gala tribute for his late father Alan Thicke as custody battle with ex Paula Patton takes nasty turn Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Like mother like daughter! Rebecca Judd gushes over her lookalike daughter Billie, two, taking a picture of her doll on toy phone Adorable images Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'She's moved on in': The Bachelor's Kiki Morris moves in with boyfriend Jeremy Banks, before fueling rumours she'll appear on I'm A Celebrity...Get Met Out Of Here! 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night 'She's at it again!': Pia Miller flaunts her incredible physique in red hot bikini at the beach after calling herself 'clumsy' and 'too daggy' That's not Summer Bay! Home and Away's Pia Miller and shirtless beau Tyson Mullane take lover's stroll along Bondi Beach She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her impossibly youthful complexion and famous  'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday 'Not my president!' Karrueche Tran sizzles in oversized sweater and thigh-high boots as she sends a clear anti-Trump message during night out Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance National Fuel Gas Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Fuel Gas Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. FY2017 EPS Estimates for National Fuel Gas Company (NFG) Increased by Analyst January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet National Fuel Gas Company (NYSE:NFG) – Equities researchers at Jefferies Group upped their FY2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for National Fuel Gas Company in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. Jefferies Group analyst C. Sighinolfi now anticipates that the firm will post earnings of $3.10 per share for the year, up from their previous forecast of $3.08. Jefferies Group has a “Buy” rating and a $67.00 price objective on the stock. Jefferies Group also issued estimates for National Fuel Gas Company’s FY2018 earnings at $4.18 EPS. A number of other brokerages also recently weighed in on NFG. Argus reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of National Fuel Gas Company in a research report on Thursday, October 13th. Zacks Investment Research raised National Fuel Gas Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 16th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $63.67. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “FY2017 EPS Estimates for National Fuel Gas Company (NFG) Increased by Analyst” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/fy2017-eps-estimates-for-national-fuel-gas-company-nfg-increased-by-analyst.html. Shares of National Fuel Gas Company (NYSE:NFG) opened at 57.74 on Monday. National Fuel Gas Company has a 52 week low of $40.83 and a 52 week high of $59.62. The firm’s market capitalization is $4.92 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $57.21 and a 200-day moving average of $55.71. National Fuel Gas Company (NYSE:NFG) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.66 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.53 by $0.13. The firm earned $292.50 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $355.89 million. National Fuel Gas Company had a negative net margin of 20.03% and a positive return on equity of 16.27%. The company’s revenue was down 2.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.41 earnings per share. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of National Fuel Gas Company by 4.6% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 6,234,744 shares of the company’s stock valued at $354,632,000 after buying an additional 274,488 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of National Fuel Gas Company by 4.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,958,110 shares of the company’s stock valued at $214,015,000 after buying an additional 181,812 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in shares of National Fuel Gas Company by 3.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,190,211 shares of the company’s stock valued at $172,495,000 after buying an additional 119,343 shares in the last quarter. Aristotle Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of National Fuel Gas Company by 1.3% in the second quarter. Aristotle Capital Management LLC now owns 2,875,287 shares of the company’s stock valued at $163,546,000 after buying an additional 36,523 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its position in shares of National Fuel Gas Company by 0.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 2,463,980 shares of the company’s stock valued at $133,227,000 after buying an additional 22,091 shares in the last quarter. 63.85% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “FY2017 EPS Estimates for National Fuel Gas Company (NFG) Increased by Analyst” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/fy2017-eps-estimates-for-national-fuel-gas-company-nfg-increased-by-analyst.html. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, January 13th. Investors of record on Friday, December 30th were paid a dividend of $0.405 per share. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, December 28th. This represents a $1.62 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.81%. National Fuel Gas Company’s payout ratio is -47.23%. About National Fuel Gas Company National Fuel Gas Company is a holding company. The Company is an energy company engaged principally in the production, gathering, transportation, distribution and marketing of natural gas. The Company operates in five business segments: Exploration and Production, Pipeline and Storage, Gathering, Utility, and Energy Marketing. Receive News & Ratings for National Fuel Gas Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Fuel Gas Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Be first to read MaltaToday and save 40% with our digital edition. Get it now for only €50 per year Back MaltaToday Deals Jobs Pharmacies Restaurants My Account Logout Login to Digital Edition Register for SMS Alerts Sign-up with Facebook or enter your details manually below... First Name: Last Name: Email: Password: Hometown: Birthday: Create my account Sorry, we couldn't find that email. Existing users Email Send me a new password Password Login Sorry, we couldn't find those details. Enter Email Submit Sorry, we couldn't find that email. 29th January 2017 Get SMS Alerts Digital Edition Archives Search National Europe World Court & Police Interview Data & Surveys XTRA Budget 2017 Business News Business Comment Technology Law Report Mepa Watch Football Rugby Motor Sports Boxing Tennis Cricket Food Gourmet Today Health & Fitness Today Health Environment Travel Art Books Entertainment Music Theatre & Dance Film Cultural Diary Valletta 2018 Blogs Editorial Letters Cartoons Home News Business Sports Lifestyle Arts Comment Business News Business Comment Technology Law Report Mepa Watch National ‘Proud to tell EU leaders of Malta’s success,’ Muscat says National New editorial posts at MaltaToday as newspaper plans new projects Interview Europe needs a new narrative | Vanni Xuereb World Knights of Malta reinstate sacked Chancellor as Vatican prevails ... Court & Police Car-bomb set off on Qormi Road, killing driver National In libel case over Sammut obituary, MaltaToday tells court of son... Data & Surveys MaltaToday survey | PN leads by two points in Gozo Court & Police Racing horse goes wild injuring man Court & Police Hammer assault lands man in hospital Football BOV Premier League | Valletta 1 – St. Andrews 1 National [WATCH] Shooting down EU deal with North African countries 'won't... Football BOV Premier League | Balzan 2 – Tarxien Rainbows 2 Football BOV Premier League | Mosta 2 – Sliema Wanderers 1 National Prime Minister in Lisbon for second informal summit of Southern E... Football BOV Premier League | Ħamrun Spartans 0 – Pembroke Athleta 1 Court & Police Driver injured in four-car collision Home Business Business Comment This Week: The ECB monetary policy decision with data from UK and US | Calamatta Cuschieri The markets will turn their attention towards Frankfurt next Thursday, when the European Central Bank announces its latest monetary policy decision Calamatta Cuschieri 16 January 2017, 11:43am Print Version On Wednesday, the European Central Bank announces its latest monetary policy decision, which will carry plenty of weight Friday recap Friday the 13th was not that bad luck after all. European markets were in the green, ahead of key bank earnings data from the United States, as global markets attempt to recover from Thursday's Trump-induced stumble. Positive news for US markets too, as Friday was the day major US banks posted their earnings.  Bank of America announced that it sees its interest net income growing further in the current quarter after it reported earnings per share (EPS) of $0.40 in the quarter ending December 2016. Meanwhile, BlackRock said its Earnings per Share rose to $5.14 and its board of directors approved a 9% rise in the quarterly dividend to $2.50 from $2.29. JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo also announced their earnings. This week For the euro area, the markets will turn their attention towards Frankfurt next Thursday, when the European Central Bank announces its latest monetary policy decision, which will carry plenty of weight. After last month’s decision to extend the QE timeline while cutting the monthly purchase amount, ahead of challenging political headwinds over the coming months, no major changes are expected, but keeping in mind potential changes to inflation forecasts. In England, the key event of the week will be the speech from Prime Minister Theresa May, which could have impacts for currency pairs such as GBP/USD and EUR/GBP. UK data such as Consumer Price Index, unemployment and retail sales may pale in comparison, but will still be important gauging the likelihood of a monetary policy change. The unemployment forecast in the UK seen to rise from 4.8% to 4.9% or as some analysts, forecast to hold steady. Finally, UK retailers will continue to report trading updates for the Christmas period, while further information on Rio Tinto, Burberry and Cairn Energy are also due. US earnings season moves into high gear, as other US banks report, plus Netflix, General Electric and Schlumberger. The US will release its manufacturing output for December which should likely increase with improving survey data and following a November rise by only 0.1% on an annual basis. Updates on capacity utilisation and industrial production data will also offer clues to the health of the US goods-producing sector. In China, analysts are anticipating GDP growth for the fourth quarter to remain broadly unchanged from the expansion in the previous quarter. However, the Purchasing Managers Index pointed to stronger expansions in manufacturing and services. Updated industrial output data and retail sales indicators will also give clues to the strengths of Asia’s largest economy. This article was issued by Rodrick Duca, Investment Manager at Calamatta Cuschieri. For more information visit, www.cc.com.mt. The information, view and opinions provided in this article is being provided solely for educational and informational purposes and should not be construed as investment advice, advice concerning particular investments or investment decisions, or tax or legal advice. Calamatta Cuschieri Investment Services Ltd has not verified and consequently neither warrants the accuracy nor the veracity of any information, views or opinions appearing on this website. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Calamatta Cuschieri is one of Malta’s largest financial services firms. The company offe... More from Calamatta Cuschieri National ‘Proud to tell EU leaders of Malta’s success,�... National New editorial posts at MaltaToday as newspaper pla... Interview Europe needs a new narrative | Vanni Xuereb World Knights of Malta reinstate sacked Chancellor as Va... Court & Police Car-bomb set off on Qormi Road, killing driver National In libel case over Sammut obituary, MaltaToday tel... Data & Surveys MaltaToday survey | PN leads by two points in Gozo Court & Police Racing horse goes wild injuring man Court & Police Hammer assault lands man in hospital Football BOV Premier League | Valletta 1 – St. Andrews 1 National [WATCH] Shooting down EU deal with North African c... Football BOV Premier League | Balzan 2 – Tarxien Rainbows... Football BOV Premier League | Mosta 2 – Sliema Wanderers ... National Prime Minister in Lisbon for second informal summi... Football BOV Premier League | Ħamrun Spartans 0 – Pembro... Deals Trending Articles 1 Data & Surveys MaltaToday survey | PN leads by two points in Gozo 2 Court & Police Car-bomb set off on Qormi Road, killing driver 3 National In libel case over Sammut obituary, MaltaToday tells court of son’s invective after Casha’s death 4 World Knights of Malta reinstate sacked Chancellor as Vatican prevails in condoms feud 5 National Valletta mayor: ‘Unbridled development making city unlivable’ Latest Business News Air Malta, Alitalia code-share agreement registers ‘eight-fold revenue’ increase in a month Business News 10:38 A code-share agreement between Air Malta and Alitalia yielded good revenue airlines last December, Malta’s national airline says The Great Wall of… TRUMP! | Calamatta Cuschieri Business Comment 27-01 US President Donald Trump indeed kept his promise of building a wall and now his signature is appearing on an official mandate Civil courts are competent to decide on all civil matters Law Report 27-01 A Court has held that the First Hall of the Civil Court is competent to decide on all civil matters that are raised before it, unless expres... Missing: tangible tax incentives to attract innovation Business Comment 26-01 Our tax incentives towards research and development are too weak to realistically attract double the investment by 2020 Actions speak louder than words | Calamatta Cuschieri Business Comment 26-01 The big news of the day on Wednesday came from the US, after a series of executive orders from President Donald Trump increased bullish sent... follow us on facebook MaltaToday Digital Edition Archives Deals About Us Privacy Policy   Terms and conditions   Advertising rates   maltatoday@mediatoday.com.mt   +356 21382741 MediaToday is an independent media house based in Malta. Copyright © MediaToday Co. Ltd, Vjal ir-Rihan, San Gwann SGN 9016, Malta, Europe Reproduction of material from this website without written permission is strictly prohibited.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Trump Era, Brexit May Spur Year of Greater Currency Volatility by Vassilis Karamanis @vkaramanis_fx More stories by Vassilis Karamanis January 16, 2017, 5:09 AM EST January 16, 2017, 10:35 AM EST Investors could end up paying higher premiums for hedging Brexit negotiations, euro area elections among risk events Is Trump Torn Between a Strong and Weak U.S. Dollar? Donald Trump is making volatility great again. If the reaction to the U.S. President-elect’s first press conference is anything to go by, we are in for big swings in currency markets this year. One-week implied volatility on the euro-dollar, a measure of the cost of options to protect against swings in the currency, surged the most in a month after Trump’s press conference last week. And that came on the back of no real policy news. A dollar index dropped as much as 2 percent in two days. With Trump’s policy agenda still uncertain, the theme of greater fiscal stimulus and higher inflation that have driven up the dollar and U.S. treasury yields is not a one-way bet. Divided market positioning means surprises either way on Trump’s promises will add to price swings, causing an increase in hedging costs for investors. The high degree of uncertainty about what’s in store for U.S. economic policy presents a “wider than usual range of upside and down risk factors,” IMF Chief Economist Maurice Obstfeld said in remarks prepared for delivery Monday. Many investors from banks, pension and hedge funds are still looking to add long positions on the dollar, while a few are overweight, say traders in the U.S. and Europe, who asked not to be named as they are not authorized to speak publicly. Others have neutral positioning. There’s room for realized volatilities, near 10-year averages, to steepen. JPMorgan’s index of Group-of-Seven volatility stands at 10.78 percent, compared to 12.79 percent on June 14 ahead of the U.K.’s vote on EU membership. Uncertainty over Trump isn’t the only political risk factor on the horizon, with Brexit negotiations and European elections coming up this year. Volatilities in pound crosses have risen to multi-month highs ahead of U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May’s speech on Tuesday, where she is expected to shed light on her Brexit vision. The market has been very sensitive to news suggesting the U.K. is willing to forgo single-market access to regain immigration control, with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Deutsche Bank AG expecting a drop toward the $1.10 level in the spot market.  Even if negotiations through the year point to a ‘softer’ Brexit, a short-pound market may scrabble for the exit and a large short squeeze could lead to a jackpot for those looking for a move above $1.30. Investors may look to hedge against sudden swings by going long vega, a measure of an option’s sensitivity to changes in the volatility of the underlying asset. The euro area also has to deal with elections in the Netherlands, France and Germany, following a referendum in Italy last month that saw its prime minister step down. There is potential for another round of elections in Greece, since there’s an impasse in a review of the country’s bailout. Markets may be under-positioned against these risks. While euro-dollar bearish bets, as shown by six-month risk reversals, surged in November, this was because of the U.S. elections rather than European risks. The sentix Euro Break-Up Index, which reflects the probability that one of the euro area countries will leave the common currency within 12 months, stands below its five-year average. NOTE: Vassilis Karamanis is an FX and rates strategist who writes for Bloomberg. The observations he makes are his own and are not intended as investment advice Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Google Recalls Staff to U.S. After Trump Immigration Order Trump’s Order on Refugee Limits Draws Iran Retaliation Threat Trump’s Visa Ban Order: The View From a Worried Middle East White House Defends Immigrant Ban After Travelers Stopped Merkel Takes on Starbucks in Bashing Over Unfair Tax Practices Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Premier Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Premier Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Premier, Inc. (PINC) Raised by Analyst January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Premier, Inc. (NASDAQ:PINC) – Jefferies Group raised their Q3 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for shares of Premier in a research note issued to investors on Friday. Jefferies Group analyst S. Dodge now forecasts that the firm will post earnings per share of $0.47 for the quarter, up from their previous estimate of $0.45. Jefferies Group also issued estimates for Premier’s Q4 2017 earnings at $0.47 EPS, FY2017 earnings at $1.73 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $1.94 EPS. Premier (NASDAQ:PINC) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, November 7th. The company reported $0.41 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.40 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $313.30 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $319.09 million. Premier had a net margin of 34.65% and a negative return on equity of 9.50%. Premier’s revenue for the quarter was up 15.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.38 EPS. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/q3-2017-eps-estimates-for-premier-inc-pinc-raised-by-analyst.html. Several other analysts also recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Premier from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, October 22nd. Bank of America Corporation downgraded shares of Premier from a “buy” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $30.00 price objective on the stock. in a report on Monday, November 7th. J P Morgan Chase & Co reaffirmed an “overweight” rating on shares of Premier in a report on Friday, October 28th. TheStreet raised shares of Premier from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, September 28th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Premier in a report on Thursday, December 1st. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Premier currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $37.25. Shares of Premier (NASDAQ:PINC) opened at 32.52 on Monday. Premier has a one year low of $28.27 and a one year high of $35.11. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $30.45 and a 200-day moving average of $31.63. The company has a market capitalization of $1.63 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.11 and a beta of 0.49. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of Premier by 10.5% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 192,916 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,308,000 after buying an additional 18,287 shares during the period. Teacher Retirement System of Texas increased its stake in shares of Premier by 16.1% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 6,252 shares of the company’s stock worth $204,000 after buying an additional 865 shares during the period. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its stake in shares of Premier by 18.0% in the second quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 35,382 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,157,000 after buying an additional 5,409 shares during the period. Nationwide Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of Premier by 4.2% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 53,283 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,742,000 after buying an additional 2,133 shares during the period. Finally, Neuberger Berman Group LLC increased its stake in shares of Premier by 5.3% in the second quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 2,304,717 shares of the company’s stock worth $75,364,000 after buying an additional 116,567 shares during the period. 94.00% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/q3-2017-eps-estimates-for-premier-inc-pinc-raised-by-analyst.html. Premier Company Profile Premier, Inc is a healthcare improvement company. The Company is uniting an alliance of approximately 3,750 United States hospitals and more than 130,000 other provider organizations to transform healthcare. The Company operates healthcare group purchasing organizations and also provides integrated data and analytics, supply chain solutions, advisory services, performance improvement collaborative and other services. Receive News & Ratings for Premier Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Premier Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Versartis Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Versartis Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Owens-Illinois, Inc. (OI) Stake Boosted by Hartford Investment Management Co. Imperial Oil Limited (IMO) Stake Decreased by Commonwealth Bank of Australia News Corporation (NWSA) Shares Bought by KCG Holdings Inc. KCG Holdings Inc. Buys Shares of 12,443 EPR Properties (EPR) Citadel Advisors LLC Purchases Shares of 16,133 Vascular Solutions, Inc. (VASC) Citadel Advisors LLC Has $761,000 Stake in Extreme Networks, Inc. (EXTR) Citadel Advisors LLC Boosts Position in Harmonic Inc. (HLIT) American Renal Associates Holdings, Inc (ARA) Shares Bought by Citadel Advisors LLC Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. Increases Stake in New Oriental Education & Technology Group, Inc. (EDU) Wimmer Associates 1 LLC Lowers Position in ConocoPhillips (COP) Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Hodges Capital Management Inc. Cuts Position in ClubCorp Holdings, Inc. (MYCC) Hodges Capital Management Inc. Acquires 1,792,770 Shares of Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. (CRL) Shares Sold by Hodges Capital Management Inc. JetBlue Airways Corporation (JBLU) Shares Bought by Hodges Capital Management Inc. Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Shares Sold by Hodges Capital Management Inc. Hodges Capital Management Inc. Purchases 3,577 Shares of Matador Resources Company (MTDR) Benson Investment Management Company Inc. Acquires New Stake in TE Connectivity Ltd. (TEL) First Command Bank Invests $121,000 in Tribune Media Company (TRCO) Blackhill Capital Inc. Has $286,000 Position in Middlesex Water Company (MSEX) Versartis, Inc. (VSAR) VP Sells $212,761.08 in Stock January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Versartis, Inc. (NASDAQ:VSAR) VP Paul Westberg sold 13,356 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, January 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $15.93, for a total value of $212,761.08. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 46,912 shares in the company, valued at approximately $747,308.16. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Paul Westberg also recently made the following trade(s): On Tuesday, January 10th, Paul Westberg sold 11,213 shares of Versartis stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $15.66, for a total value of $175,595.58. On Wednesday, January 11th, Paul Westberg sold 7,931 shares of Versartis stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $15.24, for a total value of $120,868.44. On Tuesday, December 27th, Paul Westberg sold 361 shares of Versartis stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $15.85, for a total value of $5,721.85. On Friday, December 16th, Paul Westberg sold 5,000 shares of Versartis stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $15.00, for a total value of $75,000.00. Versartis, Inc. (NASDAQ:VSAR) opened at 15.80 on Monday. Versartis, Inc. has a 52-week low of $6.17 and a 52-week high of $16.55. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $13.96 and its 200-day moving average price is $12.34. The company’s market cap is $549.76 million. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Versartis, Inc. (VSAR) VP Sells $212,761.08 in Stock” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/versartis-inc-vsar-vp-sells-212761-08-in-stock.html. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Aisling Capital LLC raised its stake in shares of Versartis by 10.7% in the third quarter. Aisling Capital LLC now owns 2,524,465 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $30,925,000 after buying an additional 244,897 shares in the last quarter. Baker BROS. Advisors LP bought a new position in shares of Versartis during the third quarter worth approximately $26,145,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of Versartis by 6.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,151,924 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $14,111,000 after buying an additional 73,899 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Versartis by 35.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 856,524 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $9,473,000 after buying an additional 225,561 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Versartis by 3.5% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 689,449 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $7,626,000 after buying an additional 23,507 shares during the last quarter. 69.72% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Several brokerages have commented on VSAR. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Versartis from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday. Piper Jaffray Companies began coverage on Versartis in a research report on Tuesday, October 4th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $22.00 price objective on the stock. Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $28.00 price objective on shares of Versartis in a research report on Tuesday, September 27th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. began coverage on Versartis in a research report on Thursday, December 1st. They issued a “buy” rating and a $25.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Credit Suisse Group raised Versartis from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $11.00 to $20.00 in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $22.50. About Versartis Versartis, Inc is an endocrine-focused biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in developing long-acting recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH), somavaratan (VRS-317), for growth hormone deficiency (GHD), an orphan disease. The Company’s product pipeline includes VRS-317 and XTEN Technology. Receive News & Ratings for Versartis Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Versartis Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
GoSearch Replay: PIX11 News PIX11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us New York's PIX11 / WPIX-TV Menu News Metro Report Morning PIX Team Contests Traffic Transit Events Closings Weather 36° 36° Low 31° High 44° Mon 26° 38° Tue 35° 39° Wed 29° 45° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Sign up for PIX11 breaking news alerts with our app Cashing in on credit card cash back offers Posted 4:42 AM, January 16, 2017, by PIX11 News, Updated at 12:17PM, January 16, 2017 Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video Credit card companies are offering sign up bonuses that seem like they are too good to be true. In this morning's PIX Financial Fix, Smart Shopping Expert, Trae Bodge is helping us do the math and find out which deal is best for us. JPMorgan Chase caused a stir last year with its exciting Chase Sapphire Reserve Card   Despite a hefty $450 annual fee, you were given 100k points if you spent $4,000 or more in the first three months, equaling about $1,500 worth of travel rewards. There’s also a $300 annual credit that can be used toward travel, plus 3 pts for every dollar spent on travel and restaurants, access to luxury airport lounges, and the ability to transfer points to airline and hotel loyalty programs. Chase just announced that it's cutting the sign-up bonus in half, so now you are given 50,000 points if you spend 4k in the first 3 months. If you’re looking for cards with generous rewards but NO annual fee, check out the BankAmericard Travel Rewards Credit Card, which offers 20k bonus miles if you spend 1k in the first 90 days and 1.5 pts for purchases, or the Capital One VentureOne Rewards Credit Card, which offers 40,000 miles when you spend 3k and 2 pts for purchases. If you want one that offers balance transfers as well, the Barclaycard CashForward World MasterCard also has no annual fee, 0% on transfers for 15 months and $100 cash bonus if you spend $500 in 90 days.  Another rewards card with no annual fee that I like is the new Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Signature Card. You don’t have to be a Prime member to take advantage of the benefits, but it pays if you are. Once approved, you instantly receive a $70 Amazon.com gift card. On Amazon purchases, Prime members get 5% cash back and non-prime get 3%. You can also earn cash back on non-Amazon purchases, like travel, gas and food and get additional benefits like travel accident insurance, baggage delay insurance and purchase protection.  And if you don’t feel like switching your credit card but want to earn while you shop, use a cash back site, like Splender.com!  Let’s talk about a card that isn’t worth signing up for. The MasterCard® Gold Credit Card is cool because it’s made of 24k gold, but the annual feel is $995! You do get  a $200 airfare credit each year, access to a concierge, 1 point per $1 spent on most purchases (which is average for a rewards card), and a double points on travel, there are better cards out there. Filed in: Morning Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Popular Large Kennedy Airport protest against Trump refugee detentions ends in jubilation as judge halts deportations 10 refugees still detained at JFK Airport; Cuomo, ACLU exploring ‘all legal options’ to help them Video captures student stabbing classmate in head with pen during brawl at NJ high school ‘Can you hear me?’ Scam has police warning people to hang up immediately Latest News Federal judge’s nationwide stay prevents deportation of immigrants from nations covered by Trump Muslim travel ban Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau welcomes refugees to Canada following Trump’s ban Trump’s immigration ban sends shockwaves as millions denied entry to United States Trump signs executive actions on lobbying, ISIS, NSC Extra Morning 5 hidden credit card catastrophes News These credit cards can help you snag Black Friday discounts early, without battling the crowds Extra Morning 5 ways to stay sane, save money on Black Friday and Cyber Monday Extra Morning How to save money at the ATM Extra Morning 5 scariest things you can do with your money News Here’s how to get $5 back for every $100 you spend on Amazon News Obama recalls attending first DNC, getting credit card declined News 5 things not to do when trying to rebuild your credit News Here is your complete 2016 Black Friday guide with ads, hours, tips, tricks and more News Homeland security targets apartments housing ATM ‘bank card’ skimmers Extra Morning Teaching your children the value of money News Woman claims Expedia wrote ‘F*** You,’ canceled her trip after negative review Extra Morning 10 financial resolutions to make this year Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 220 East 42nd Street New York, NY 10017 212-949-1100 • Copyright © 2017, WPIX • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 09 February 2017. 6pm 23 February 2017. 6pm 09 March 2017. 6pm 23 March 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 09 February 2017. 6pm 23 February 2017. 6pm 09 March 2017. 6pm 23 March 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market Briefing - UK markets closed in the green on Friday, with the FTSE 100 index closing at a record high for the 12th consecutive session Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:25 16 Jan 2017 ., January 16 2017 UK Market Snapshot UK markets closed in the green on Friday, with the FTSE 100 index closing at a record high for the 12th consecutive session, buoyed by gains in homebuilders after Halifax research showed that the number of first-time buyers rose to an all-time high in 2016. Taylor Wimpey, Persimmon and Barratt Developments edged 0.9%, 1.4% and 3.6% up, respectively. SIG surged 16.1%, after the company reported a rise in its sales in 2016 and projected that its pre-tax profit would come within its previous guidance range. Pharmaceutical firms, AstraZeneca, Hikma Pharmaceuticals and Shire added 1.2%, 2.0% and 2.3%, respectively. Bucking the trend, Dunelm Group tumbled 5.9%, following a broker downgrade on the stock to ‘Underperform’ from ‘Hold’. Precious metal miners, Fresnillo and Randgold Resources slipped 0.6% and 1.0%, respectively, tracking a decline in gold prices. The FTSE 100 advanced 0.6%, to close at 7,337.8, while the FTSE 250 rose 0.4%, to settle at 18,371.9. US Market Snapshot US markets ended mostly higher on Friday, boosted by gains in financial sector stocks. JP Morgan Chase edged 0.5% up, after its fourth quarter results surpassed market estimates. Other banks, Bank of America, Citigroup and Wells Fargo added 0.4%, 0.7%, and 1.5%, respectively. Pandora Media jumped 6.3%, after the company stated that it would surpass revenue guidance for the fourth quarter and announced its plans to cut 7.0% jobs to reduce costs. On the losing side, GameStop plunged 8.1%, after the holiday revenue of the retailer declined on account of heavy discounts and weak sales. HomeStreet tumbled 6.0%, after the company reduced its fourth quarter outlook as rising interest rates had hurt its business. The S&P 500 gained 0.2%, to settle at 2,274.6. The DJIA slipped marginally, to settle at 19,885.7, while the NASDAQ advanced 0.5%, to close at 5,574.1. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets finished in positive territory on Friday, bouyed by banking and pharmaceutical sector stocks. BNP Paribas, Societe Generale and Credit Agricole gained 2.7%, 3.5% and 3.9%, respectively. Sanofi and Novo Nordisk advanced 2.0% and 2.1%, respectively. Valeo climbed 3.2%, after the company increased its stake in the Japanese company, Ichikoh Industries to 55.1% from 31.6%. Merck added 1.7%, following an announcement of its partnership with the US based Palantir. Frankfurt Airport Services Worldwide rose 1.5%, after the company reported a jump in passenger traffic in December. On the contrary, Technicolor plummeted 19.7%, after the company’s operating profit for 2016 fell short of market estimates. The FTSEurofirst 300 index gained 1.0%, to close at 1,447.2. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 rose 0.9%, to close at 11,629.2, while the French CAC-40 advanced 1.2%, to settle at 4,922.5. Asia Market Snapshot Markets in Asia are trading lower this morning. In Japan, auto exporters, Toyota, Mazda Motor and Mitsubishi Motors have shed 1.1%, 2.2% and 2.5%, respectively, amid a stronger Japanese Yen. Oil heavyweights, JX Holdings and Japan Petroleum Exploration have declined 1.7% and 1.9%, respectively. In Hong Kong, Cheung Kong Property Holdings has fallen 2.6%, while Cheung Kong Infrastructure Holdings and Power Assets Holdings have gained 1.2% and 3.3%, respectively, after the consortium declared to acquire Duet Group for $5.5 billion. In South Korea, index majors, Samsung Electronics and POSCO have slipped 0.9% and 1.3%, respectively. The Nikkei 225 index is trading 1.1% lower at 19,079.6. The Hang Seng index is trading 1.0% down at 22,700.9, while the Kospi index is trading 0.5% lower at 2,066.5. Key Corporate Announcements Today AGMs Kennedy Ventures, Nu-Oil and Gas EGMs PJSC PhosAgro GDR (Regs) Final Dividend Payment Date A&J Mucklow Group, Barloworld Ltd. Interim Dividend Payment Date Babcock International Group, Lazard World Trust Fund, Northgate Trading Announcements OMV Petrom S.A. GDR (REG S), Ashmore, Ibstock Key Corporate Announcements for Tomorrow EGMs PJSC Centre For Cargo Container Traffic Transcontainer GDR (Reg S) Final Dividend Payment Date Hargreave Hale AIM VCT 1 Interim Dividend Payment Date IG Design Group Trading Announcements Cairn Energy, City of London Investment Group, Greggs, Sinclair Pharma, Rio Tinto, Provident Financial Commodity, Currency and Fixed Income Snapshots Crude Oil At 0430GMT today, Brent Crude Oil one month futures contract is trading 0.38% or $0.21 higher at $55.66 per barrel. On Friday, the contract declined 1.00% or $0.56, to settle at $55.45 per barrel, amid mounting worries over OPEC’s agreement to cut crude oil production and after China posted a worst decline in overall exports since 2009. Meanwhile, Baker Hughes reported that the weekly US oil rigs actively drilling for crude oil fell by 7 to 522. Gold At 0430GMT today, Gold futures contract is trading 0.55% or $6.60 higher at $1202.80 per ounce, as investors seek shelter in the safe-haven commodity due to uncertainty over US policy ahead of President-elect Donald Trump’s inauguration and amid concerns over a ‘Hard Brexit’. On Friday, the contract declined 0.30% or $3.60, to settle at $1196.20 per ounce, reversing its gains from prior session. Currency At 0430GMT today, the EUR is trading 0.30% lower against the USD at $1.0609, ahead of Euro-zone’s trade balance figures for November, slated to release in a few hours. On Friday, the EUR strengthened 0.29% versus the USD, to close at $1.0641, after economic data showed that German wholesale prices climbed more than expected on a monthly basis in December. At 0430GMT today, the GBP is trading 1.15% lower against the USD at $1.2036, with the Sterling reaching a 3-month low amid concerns over Britain’s exit from the European Union . On Friday, the GBP strengthened 0.12% versus the USD, to close at $1.2176. The US Dollar lost ground against its major counterparts, after the US advance retail sales growth missed market estimates in December. Fixed Income In the US, long term treasury prices fell and pushed yields mostly higher, as market participants digested key economic releases from the US. On Friday, yield on 10-year notes advanced 4 basis points to 2.40%, while yield on 2-year notes gained 3 basis points to 1.21%. Meanwhile, 30-year bond yield fell 2 basis points to 2.99%. Key Economic News UK Rightmove house price index registered a rise in January In the UK, the Rightmove house price index advanced 3.20% on a YoY basis, in January. The Rightmove house price index had registered a rise of 3.40% in the prior month. UK Rightmove house price index recorded a rise in January On a MoM basis, the Rightmove house price index in the UK registered a rise of 0.40% in January. The Rightmove house price index had dropped 2.10% in the previous month. German wholesale price index climbed in December The wholesale price index in Germany advanced 1.20% on a monthly basis, in December. In the previous month, the wholesale price index had recorded a rise of 0.10%. German wholesale price index registered a rise in December In Germany, the wholesale price index recorded a rise of 2.80% in December on a YoY basis. The wholesale price index had recorded a rise of 0.80% in the prior month. Spanish CPI rose more than expected in December On an annual basis, in December, the final consumer price index (CPI) recorded a rise of 1.60% in Spain, compared to a rise of 0.70% in the previous month. Markets were expecting the CPI to advance 1.50%. The preliminary figures had indicated a rise of 1.50%. Spanish HICP index rose as expected in December In December, on a monthly basis, the final harmonised consumer price (HICP) index climbed 0.50% in Spain, compared to a rise of 0.20% in the previous month. Market anticipation was for the HICP index to climb 0.50%. The preliminary figures had also recorded a rise of 0.50%. Spanish HICP index rose as expected in December Final HICP index in Spain advanced 1.40% in December on an annual basis, compared to a rise of 0.50% in the prior month. Markets were anticipating the HICP index to advance 1.40%. The preliminary figures had also indicated a rise of 1.40%. Spanish CPI rose as expected in December In Spain, the final CPI recorded a rise of 0.60% in December on a MoM basis, in line with market expectations. In the prior month, the CPI had registered a rise of 0.40%. The preliminary figures had also indicated a rise of 0.60%. US business inventories advanced more than expected in November On a monthly basis, business inventories registered a rise of 0.70% in November, in the US, higher than market expectations for an advance of 0.60%. In the previous month, business inventories had dropped by a revised 0.10%. US retail sales ex-autos advanced less than expected in December On a MoM basis, retail sales ex-autos recorded a rise of 0.20% in the US, in December, compared to a revised advance of 0.30% in the previous month. Market expectation was for retail sales ex-autos to climb 0.50%. US retail sales Control Group advanced less than expected in December In December, retail sales Control Group climbed 0.20% on a MoM basis in the US, lower than market expectations for an advance of 0.40%. In the previous month, retail sales Control Group had recorded a revised unchanged reading. US producer price rose as expected in December On a MoM basis, producer price rose 0.30% in the US, in December, at par with market expectations. Producer price had recorded a rise of 0.40% in the previous month. US Reuters/Michigan consumer sentiment index recorded a surprise drop in January In the US, the flash Reuters/Michigan consumer sentiment index eased unexpectedly to 98.10 in January, compared to a level of 98.20 in the previous month. Market anticipation was for the Reuters/Michigan consumer sentiment index to advance to 98.50. US producer price (ex-food & energy) advanced more than expected in December In December, producer price (ex-food & energy) climbed 1.60% in the US on a YoY basis, higher than market expectations for an advance of 1.50%. In the prior month, producer price (ex-food & energy) had registered a similar rise. US retail sales (ex-auto & gas) remained unchanged in December On a MoM basis, in the US, retail sales (ex-auto & gas) remained unchanged in December, lower than market expectations for a rise of 0.40%. In the previous month, retail sales (ex-auto & gas) had recorded a revised rise of 0.30%. US producer price (ex-food & energy) rose more than expected in December Producer price (ex-food & energy) in the US advanced 0.20% in December on a monthly basis, more than market expectations for a rise of 0.10%. Producer price (ex-food & energy) had climbed 0.40% in the prior month. US producer price advanced as expected in December In December, producer price registered a rise of 1.60% on an annual basis in the US, at par with market expectations. In the prior month, producer price had risen 1.30%. US advance retail sales rose less than expected in December In the US, advance retail sales registered a rise of 0.60% on a MoM basis in December, lower than market expectations for an advance of 0.70%. Advance retail sales had advanced by a revised 0.20% in the previous month. Japanese machinery orders fell more than expected in November On a MoM basis, in Japan, machinery orders slid 5.10% in November, higher than market expectations for a fall of 1.40%. In the previous month, machinery orders had advanced 4.10%. Japanese domestic corporate goods price index advanced more than expected in December On a MoM basis, in December, the domestic corporate goods price index climbed 0.60% in Japan, higher than market expectations for an advance of 0.40%. The domestic corporate goods price index had recorded a rise of 0.40% in the prior month. Japanese corporate bankruptcies climbed in December Corporate bankruptcies in Japan recorded a rise of 1.57% on an annual basis, in December. In the prior month, corporate bankruptcies had dropped 2.53%. Japanese domestic corporate goods price index declined less than expected in December In Japan, the domestic corporate goods price index registered a drop of 1.20% in December on a YoY basis, compared to a fall of 2.20% in the previous month. Market anticipation was for the domestic corporate goods price index to fall 1.40%. Japanese machinery orders advanced more than expected in November On an annual basis, machinery orders advanced 10.40% in November, in Japan, more than market expectations for an advance of 8.10%. In the prior month, machinery orders had recorded a drop of 5.60%. . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Budget #Testing #Testing2 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Sterling slides to three-month lows on 'hard Brexit' fears Gold rises on Trump uncertainty, Brexit concerns Business Standard Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Reuters  |  SYDNEY  January 16, 2017 Last Updated at 10:58 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USeMHP ALSO READ Dollar on high as U.S. yields rise, Asia shares divided Asia stocks up, dollar rally pauses in relief for emerging markets Asia stocks slip on spectre of higher U.S. rates, dollar "a freight train" Dollar climbs along with U.S. yields but Asia shares divided Asia stocks on back foot as dollar, Treasury yields rise By Wayne Cole SYDNEY (Reuters) - Sterling slid to three-month lows in Asia on Monday with investors spooked anew by concerns over Britain's divorce from the European Union, while U.S. policy uncertainty lingered ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration. Regional share markets were hesitant. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan eased 0.5 percent, Japan's Nikkei lost 0.6 percent and Shanghai shed 1.4 percent. Spread betters pointed to likely opening gains for UK shares, but a drop for German equities. All the early action was in currencies where the pound sank as low as $1.1983, depths not seen since the flash crash of October, having finished around $1.2175 in New York on Friday. It was last down 1.2 percent at $1.2032. Dealers said the market was reacting in part to a report in the Sunday Times that U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May will use a speech on Tuesday to signal plans for a "hard Brexit", quitting the EU's single market to regain control of Britain's borders. Investors have been worried such a decisive break from the single market would hurt British exports and drive foreign investment out of the country. "It is impossible to say by how much a hard Brexit could weaken GBP, but we do not believe that a further 5-10 percent depreciation should be regarded as an extreme scenario when set aside the UK's high dependence on foreign capital," wrote analysts at JPMorgan in a note. The flight from sterling benefited the safe-haven Japanese yen, with the pound down 1.5 percent to 137.34 yen while the U.S. dollar dipped to 114.17. Against a basket of currencies, the dollar was up 0.3 percent at 101.510. The euro pared initial losses to stand at $1.0611. WAITING ON REFLATION The dollar index put in its worst weekly performance in more than two months last week as investors reconsidered the whole "reflation" trade - that Trump's promises of debt-funded fiscal spending and lower taxes would stoke inflation and drive the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates faster. Fed Chair Janet Yellen will have an opportunity to lay out her thinking with speeches on monetary policy scheduled for both Wednesday and Thursday this week. All eyes will then be on Trump's inauguration on Friday for any clarity on his economic plans. "The market is showing greater reluctance to push on with reflation-type trades without more details of proposed fiscal spending plans and the economic data to back it up," said analysts at ANZ in a research note. "It looks as though more than just reasonable data will be needed to see yields and the dollar push higher again. Some decent positive surprises may be necessary for the market to gain conviction." Asian markets are also waiting anxiously to see if Trump makes good on a campaign pledge to brand Beijing a currency manipulator on his first day in office, and starts to follow up on a threat to slap high tariffs on Chinese goods. Analysts fret that the spectre of deteriorating U.S.-China trade and political ties is likely to weigh on the confidence of exporters and investors worldwide. Wall Street ended last week mixed, with the Dow off slightly but the Nasdaq at a record high. Sentiment this week could be driven by results from the major banks with Morgan Stanley, Citibank and Bank of New York Mellon among those reporting. In commodity markets, oil prices inched higher after shedding around 3 percent last week. Brent crude was up 18 cents at $55.63 a barrel, while U.S. crude rose 16 cents to $52.51. Spot gold added 0.5 percent to $1,203.00 an ounce. (Reporting by Wayne Cole; Editing by Shri Navaratnam and Eric Meijer) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Global | Markets | U.s. Dollar | Asia | Britain PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity SYDNEY (Reuters) - Sterling slid to three-month lows in Asia on Monday with investors spooked anew by concerns over Britain's divorce from the European Union, while U.S. policy uncertainty lingered ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration. By Wayne Cole SYDNEY (Reuters) - Sterling slid to three-month lows in Asia on Monday with investors spooked anew by concerns over Britain's divorce from the European Union, while U.S. policy uncertainty lingered ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration. Regional share markets were hesitant. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan eased 0.5 percent, Japan's Nikkei lost 0.6 percent and Shanghai shed 1.4 percent. Spread betters pointed to likely opening gains for UK shares, but a drop for German equities. All the early action was in currencies where the pound sank as low as $1.1983, depths not seen since the flash crash of October, having finished around $1.2175 in New York on Friday. It was last down 1.2 percent at $1.2032. Dealers said the market was reacting in part to a report in the Sunday Times that U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May will use a speech on Tuesday to signal plans for a "hard Brexit", quitting the EU's single market to regain control of Britain's borders. Investors have been worried such a decisive break from the single market would hurt British exports and drive foreign investment out of the country. "It is impossible to say by how much a hard Brexit could weaken GBP, but we do not believe that a further 5-10 percent depreciation should be regarded as an extreme scenario when set aside the UK's high dependence on foreign capital," wrote analysts at JPMorgan in a note. The flight from sterling benefited the safe-haven Japanese yen, with the pound down 1.5 percent to 137.34 yen while the U.S. dollar dipped to 114.17. Against a basket of currencies, the dollar was up 0.3 percent at 101.510. The euro pared initial losses to stand at $1.0611. WAITING ON REFLATION The dollar index put in its worst weekly performance in more than two months last week as investors reconsidered the whole "reflation" trade - that Trump's promises of debt-funded fiscal spending and lower taxes would stoke inflation and drive the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates faster. Fed Chair Janet Yellen will have an opportunity to lay out her thinking with speeches on monetary policy scheduled for both Wednesday and Thursday this week. All eyes will then be on Trump's inauguration on Friday for any clarity on his economic plans. "The market is showing greater reluctance to push on with reflation-type trades without more details of proposed fiscal spending plans and the economic data to back it up," said analysts at ANZ in a research note. "It looks as though more than just reasonable data will be needed to see yields and the dollar push higher again. Some decent positive surprises may be necessary for the market to gain conviction." Asian markets are also waiting anxiously to see if Trump makes good on a campaign pledge to brand Beijing a currency manipulator on his first day in office, and starts to follow up on a threat to slap high tariffs on Chinese goods. Analysts fret that the spectre of deteriorating U.S.-China trade and political ties is likely to weigh on the confidence of exporters and investors worldwide. Wall Street ended last week mixed, with the Dow off slightly but the Nasdaq at a record high. Sentiment this week could be driven by results from the major banks with Morgan Stanley, Citibank and Bank of New York Mellon among those reporting. In commodity markets, oil prices inched higher after shedding around 3 percent last week. Brent crude was up 18 cents at $55.63 a barrel, while U.S. crude rose 16 cents to $52.51. Spot gold added 0.5 percent to $1,203.00 an ounce. (Reporting by Wayne Cole; Editing by Shri Navaratnam and Eric Meijer) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity By Wayne Cole SYDNEY (Reuters) - Sterling slid to three-month lows in Asia on Monday with investors spooked anew by concerns over Britain's divorce from the European Union, while U.S. policy uncertainty lingered ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration. Regional share markets were hesitant. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan eased 0.5 percent, Japan's Nikkei lost 0.6 percent and Shanghai shed 1.4 percent. Spread betters pointed to likely opening gains for UK shares, but a drop for German equities. All the early action was in currencies where the pound sank as low as $1.1983, depths not seen since the flash crash of October, having finished around $1.2175 in New York on Friday. It was last down 1.2 percent at $1.2032. Dealers said the market was reacting in part to a report in the Sunday Times that U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May will use a speech on Tuesday to signal plans for a "hard Brexit", quitting the EU's single market to regain control of Britain's borders. Investors have been worried such a decisive break from the single market would hurt British exports and drive foreign investment out of the country. "It is impossible to say by how much a hard Brexit could weaken GBP, but we do not believe that a further 5-10 percent depreciation should be regarded as an extreme scenario when set aside the UK's high dependence on foreign capital," wrote analysts at JPMorgan in a note. The flight from sterling benefited the safe-haven Japanese yen, with the pound down 1.5 percent to 137.34 yen while the U.S. dollar dipped to 114.17. Against a basket of currencies, the dollar was up 0.3 percent at 101.510. The euro pared initial losses to stand at $1.0611. WAITING ON REFLATION The dollar index put in its worst weekly performance in more than two months last week as investors reconsidered the whole "reflation" trade - that Trump's promises of debt-funded fiscal spending and lower taxes would stoke inflation and drive the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates faster. Fed Chair Janet Yellen will have an opportunity to lay out her thinking with speeches on monetary policy scheduled for both Wednesday and Thursday this week. All eyes will then be on Trump's inauguration on Friday for any clarity on his economic plans. "The market is showing greater reluctance to push on with reflation-type trades without more details of proposed fiscal spending plans and the economic data to back it up," said analysts at ANZ in a research note. "It looks as though more than just reasonable data will be needed to see yields and the dollar push higher again. Some decent positive surprises may be necessary for the market to gain conviction." Asian markets are also waiting anxiously to see if Trump makes good on a campaign pledge to brand Beijing a currency manipulator on his first day in office, and starts to follow up on a threat to slap high tariffs on Chinese goods. Analysts fret that the spectre of deteriorating U.S.-China trade and political ties is likely to weigh on the confidence of exporters and investors worldwide. Wall Street ended last week mixed, with the Dow off slightly but the Nasdaq at a record high. Sentiment this week could be driven by results from the major banks with Morgan Stanley, Citibank and Bank of New York Mellon among those reporting. In commodity markets, oil prices inched higher after shedding around 3 percent last week. Brent crude was up 18 cents at $55.63 a barrel, while U.S. crude rose 16 cents to $52.51. Spot gold added 0.5 percent to $1,203.00 an ounce. (Reporting by Wayne Cole; Editing by Shri Navaratnam and Eric Meijer) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content Home Business Science Health Technology About – Staff Privacy Policy Contact The Puma Biotechnology’s (PBYI) “Market Perform” Rating Reaffirm at Cowen and Company January 16, 2017 Robert V. Boyd Cowen and Company reaffirmed their market perform rating on shares of Puma Biotechnology Inc. (NYSE:PBYI) in a research report released on Tuesday morning. Several other research firms have also issued reports on PBYI. Credit Suisse Group AG increased their price target on shares of Puma Biotechnology from $54.00 to $111.00 and gave the stock an outperform rating in a research report on Thursday, September 22nd. RBC Capital Markets reissued a sector perform rating on shares of Puma Biotechnology in a research note on Thursday, September 22nd. Stifel Nicolaus raised shares of Puma Biotechnology from a hold rating to a buy rating and increased their price objective for the company from $61.00 to $88.00 in a research note on Wednesday, September 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $89.00 price objective on shares of Puma Biotechnology and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, September 20th. Finally, Citigroup Inc. set a $88.00 price objective on shares of Puma Biotechnology and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, September 20th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $68.56. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in PBYI. Teacher Retirement System of Texas increased its position in shares of Puma Biotechnology by 13.7% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 3,848 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $115,000 after buying an additional 465 shares in the last quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA increased its position in shares of Puma Biotechnology by 112.0% in the third quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 2,133 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $143,000 after buying an additional 1,127 shares in the last quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC increased its position in shares of Puma Biotechnology by 253.3% in the third quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC now owns 2,427 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $163,000 after buying an additional 1,740 shares in the last quarter. Quantbot Technologies LP purchased a new position in shares of Puma Biotechnology during the second quarter worth $183,000. Finally, Legal & General Group Plc increased its position in shares of Puma Biotechnology by 142.4% in the second quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 6,142 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $183,000 after buying an additional 3,608 shares in the last quarter. 87.54% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Puma Biotechnology Company Profile Business Post navigation The Harman International Industries Inc. (HAR) Lowered by Goldman Sachs Group Inc. to “Neutral” The Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Price Target Increased to $17.00 by Analysts at Howard Weil Related posts January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson 0 The Weingarten Realty Investors (WRI) Position Maintained by RMR Advisors LLC RMR Advisors LLC continued to hold its position in shares of Weingarten Realty Investors (NYSE:WRI) during... January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson 0 The Buckhead Capital Management LLC Sells 53,685 Shares of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp. (ACRE) Buckhead Capital Management LLC cut its position in shares of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp. (NYSE:ACRE)... January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson 0 The Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for EPR Properties (EPR) A number of research firms have changed their ratings and price targets for EPR Properties (NYSE:... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The Weingarten Realty Investors (WRI) Position Maintained by RMR Advisors LLC The Buckhead Capital Management LLC Sells 53,685 Shares of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp. (ACRE) The Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for EPR Properties (EPR) The Hendershot Investments Inc. Acquires Shares of 58,900 The Cheesecake Factory Inc. (CAKE) The Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give CSX Corp. (CSX) a $42.00 Price Target The Maxim Group Analysts Give Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO) a $14.00 Price Target The Tahoe Resources Inc (TAHO) Position Boosted by Rhumbline Advisers The FibroGen Inc. (FGEN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by RBC Capital Markets The Leerink Swann Reiterates $360.00 Price Target for Biogen Inc. (BIIB) The Leerink Swann Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (JAZZ) The Maxim Group Analysts Give CHECK CAP LTD (CHEK) a $6.00 Price Target The CoLucid Pharmaceuticals Inc. (CLCD) PT Set at $52.00 by BTIG Research The Hill-Rom Holdings Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.75 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HRC) The Citrix Systems Inc. (CTXS) Stake Raised by Hartford Investment Management Co. The CSX Corp. (CSX) Earns Buy Rating from Loop Capital The ProShare Advisors LLC Has $3,108,000 Stake in Healthcare Services Group Inc. (HCSG) The Hartford Investment Management Co. Reduces Stake in Franklin Resources Inc. (BEN) The Delphi Energy Corp. (DEE) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts The KeyCorp (KEY) Shares Bought by Hartford Investment Management Co. The PrairieSky Royalty Ltd (PSK) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts © DailyQuint.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance LPL Financial Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for LPL Financial Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 LPL Financial Holdings Inc. (LPLA) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest January 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet LPL Financial Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:LPLA) was the recipient of a large decrease in short interest during the month of December. As of December 30th, there was short interest totalling 2,743,163 shares, a decrease of 31.3% from the December 15th total of 3,990,088 shares. Based on an average daily volume of 681,428 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is presently 4.0 days. Currently, 3.5% of the shares of the company are sold short. Several equities analysts recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of LPL Financial Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) upgraded shares of LPL Financial Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and upped their target price for the company from $34.00 to $40.00 in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. J P Morgan Chase & Co cut shares of LPL Financial Holdings from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and upped their target price for the company from $30.00 to $31.00 in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $36.00 target price (up from $35.00) on shares of LPL Financial Holdings in a research note on Thursday, November 3rd. Finally, Morgan Stanley assumed coverage on shares of LPL Financial Holdings in a research note on Monday, September 26th. They set an “underweight” rating and a $27.00 target price for the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating, two have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $31.87. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. CIBC World Markets Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of LPL Financial Holdings during the second quarter valued at about $441,000. Shell Asset Management Co. acquired a new stake in shares of LPL Financial Holdings during the second quarter valued at about $748,000. Chicago Equity Partners LLC acquired a new stake in shares of LPL Financial Holdings during the second quarter valued at about $203,000. Bank of The West increased its stake in shares of LPL Financial Holdings by 38.1% in the second quarter. Bank of The West now owns 15,950 shares of the company’s stock valued at $359,000 after buying an additional 4,400 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of LPL Financial Holdings by 138.1% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 301,281 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,788,000 after buying an additional 174,744 shares in the last quarter. Shares of LPL Financial Holdings (NASDAQ:LPLA) opened at 38.59 on Monday. The company has a market cap of $3.44 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.95 and a beta of 1.84. LPL Financial Holdings has a 12-month low of $15.38 and a 12-month high of $42.86. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $37.61 and a 200 day moving average of $30.70. LPL Financial Holdings (NASDAQ:LPLA) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, November 2nd. The company reported $0.42 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.38 by $0.04. LPL Financial Holdings had a net margin of 4.36% and a return on equity of 24.56%. The business earned $1.02 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.02 billion. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.55 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was down 3.5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts expect that LPL Financial Holdings will post $2.04 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “LPL Financial Holdings Inc. (LPLA) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/15/lpl-financial-holdings-inc-lpla-sees-significant-decline-in-short-interest.html. LPL Financial Holdings Company Profile LPL Financial Holdings Inc is a broker-dealer, a custodian for registered investment advisors (RIAs) and an independent consultant to retirement plans. The Company provides a platform of brokerage and investment advisory services to independent financial advisors (its advisors), including financial advisors at approximately 700 financial institutions across the country. Receive News & Ratings for LPL Financial Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for LPL Financial Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us YEAR IN REVIEW 2016 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos Investors turn wary as Brexit, Trump uncertainty grows By Nigel Stephenson Reuters16 January 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A pile of one pound coins is seen in a photo illustration shot June 17, 2008. REUTERS/Toby Melville/Illustration/File PhotoMore By Nigel Stephenson LONDON (Reuters) - Investors sold sterling and stocks on Monday, seeking shelter in gold and the Japanese yen as uncertainty over Britain's departure from the European Union and the policies of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump curbed appetite for risky assets. U.S. markets were closed for the Martin Luther King Day holiday, crimping market activity and potentially exacerbating price moves. The dollar rose, except against the yen, rebounding after suffering its worst week since November last week, when it was hit by a lack of clarity over what Trump, whose inauguration is on Friday, will do once he assumes office. The price of gold, a frequently sought haven for investors in uncertain times, hit its highest level since November. "The market is taking a reality check from Trump euphoria, equity markets are moving sideways, the dollar has steadied and bond yields are down, allowing gold to recover," Julius Baer commodities analyst Carsten Menke said. Yields on low-risk German government bonds fell, but those on Italian equivalents edged up after rating agency DBRS cut Italy's credit rating late on Friday, a move that could raise borrowing costs for the country's banks. But the eye-catching mover was Britain's pound, a day before a speech by British Prime Minister Theresa May. Media reported that she would lay out an exit from the EU that would see Britain lose access to the bloc's single market. The pound fell as low as $1.1983 in thin early Asian trade, which, barring a sudden "flash crash" in October, was its weakest against the dollar in 32 years. Investors will scrutinise May's speech for clues to whether she plans to prioritise immigration controls in a "hard Brexit" that some analysts say could hurt the economy. The fall in sterling, which makes UK exports cheaper, has contributed to an unprecedented 14-day rally in the blue-chip FTSE 100 stock index. The index fell 0.2 percent on Monday but still outperformed continental European markets. The main STOXX 600 index fell 0.8 percent, as declines in autos and banks offset a rally in eyewear makers Luxottica and Essilor, who agreed a 46 billion-euro merger. German carmakers BMW, Daimler and VW fell between 1.6 and 1.8 percent after Trump warned he would impose a 35 percent border tax on vehicles imported to the U.S. market. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan eased 0.6 percent, Japan's Nikkei lost 1 percent as the strong yen hit exporters. Sterling last traded at $1.2055, down 1 percent on the day. The euro was up 0.6 percent at 87.97 pence while the yen was up 0.8 percent at 137.40 to the pound. "Every time there’s hard Brexit headlines, that triggers a fresh bout of selling," MUFG currency analyst Lee Hardman said. "It's almost impossible to see Europe allowing the UK to remain a full member of the single market if it wants to regain control of the border and the laws and wants to strike its own agreement," he added. The dollar index, which measures the U.S. currency against six of its peers, rose 0.4 percent. The euro fell 0.4 percent to $1.0602 while the yen, another perceived safe haven investment, rose 0.5 percent to 113.99 per dollar. ITALY DOWNGRADED German 10-year bond yields fell 2 basis points to 0.25 percent. Italian 10-year yields, by contrast, rose marginally to 1.90 percent. Italy's downgrade will mean Italian banks will have to pay more to borrow money from the European Central Bank when they use the country's sovereign bonds as collateral. It may also make Italian debt less attractive for foreign buyers. Oil held steady, though doubts that large oil producers will cut output, as agreed by the Organization of the Oil Producing Countries and others, put prices under pressure Brent, the international benchmark, last traded at $55.37 a barrel, down 8 cents on the day. (Additional reporting by Wayne Cole in Sydney, Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru, Jemima Kelly, Dhara Ranasnighe, Christopher Johnson and Julia Payne in London; Editing by Jeremy Gaunt) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Budget '17 taxes: If this, then that! India Today Harness the full power of the internet with Fios Verizon FiosSponsored Where to plant trees? Haryana forest officials yet to find green spots for '90 project India Today Evening newswrap January 27 India Today Roger Federer vs Rafael Nadal, Australian Open final live score and updates - both players looking in fine fettle as first set starts out on serve The Telegraph The Travel Rewards From These 2 Cards Are Insane CreditCards.comSponsored Mental Harassment For Pregnant Deepika Singh. What A Shame! Spotboye Wife's reluctance to shift, no excuse to resign, says navy dismissing plea to quit India Today Women achievers have made breaking gender stereotypes a trend India Newzstreet Media 7 Outrageous Cards For Those With Excellent Credit NextAdvisorSponsored Flashback Friday: I think she's having her cake and eating it too - When ex-GF Amrita Singh blasted Sunny Deol's then love interest Dimple Kapadia! PinkVilla.com Box Office: Shah Rukh Khan’s Raees Vs Hrithik Roshan’s Kaabil Day 3 Business! Business of Cinema Gujarat: Sadhvi Jayshree held for cheating, Rs 1.26 crore, 2.4 kg gold and liquor bottles seized India Today A $500 Credit Card Intro Bonus Has Been Announced NextAdvisorSponsored Watch: Major Amit Sagar honoured with wreath laying ceremony Ani Saturn Transit In 2017: Effects On The 12 Moon Signs GaneshaSpeaks.com Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
Business Live BL Premium Business Live Sign In Register Sign In Register BL Premium Login Markets Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Politics Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Economy Business World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Video MARKET WRAP: SA markets weaker as US GDP data disappoints Despite optimistic predictions the JSE closed weaker on Friday in subdued trade as 2016 fourth-quarter US GDP grew 1.9% rather than the expected 2.2% Most Read Crude oil prices pushed this way and that by opposing market forces 11 days ago Two charts that show the global economy is about to take off 1 month ago London Stock Exchange finalises clearing house deal 25 days ago Columnists Editorials Letters ANC’s pro-poor rhetoric has not translated into economic policy The government’s promises of ‘a better life for all’ have not come close to addressing the challenges of the political economy, writes Thabang Motsohi Most Read ROB ROSE: Gordhanian knots 3 days ago BL PREMIUM ANC’s pro-poor rhetoric has not translated into economic policy 1 day ago KEVIN MCCALLUM: Roger has come a long way since playing on Kempton Park’s lumpy courts as a kid 2 days ago BL PREMIUM Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Phiyega makes damning claims against Claassen board of inquiry in court papers Phiyega charges that judge Neels Claassen-led board exceeded its mandate, made irrational findings‚ and changed the findings of the Farlam report Most Read Put political differences aside – COPE tells ad hoc committee probing SABC 22 hours ago Growing corruption at Eastern Cape municipalities to be probed 22 hours ago More woes for consumers as fuel prices set to rise on Wednesday 1 day ago Money lust ‘threatens to split the ANC’ Senior officials are breaking the tradition of closing ranks and expressing their concern about how the party is now seen as a way to secure state contracts and jobs Most Read JUSTICE MALALA: The truth behind the 'white monopoly capital' propaganda assault 6 days ago LILY GOSAM: Zuma's secret blueprint for total power 2 days ago Money lust ‘threatens to split the ANC’ 2 days ago Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Prosecutors say former VW chief knew of test cheating sooner than he admits German prosecutors have broadened their Volkswagen emissions-scandal investigation, and say a former CE knew about cheating earlier than he admits Most Read LG distances itself from Gupta family-owned Oakbay 1 day ago Liberty’s shares tumble after it warns of lower earnings 1 day ago Blow after blow leaves Ford’s reputation bruised 3 days ago Instant noodles and frozen pizzas among products now in CPI basket Changes to the CPI basket will insure that the inflation measurement reflects changes in consumer expenditure since the last reweighting in 2013 Most Read Instant noodles and frozen pizzas among products now in CPI basket 1 day ago Budget’s tax hikes set to target high earners 5 days ago BL PREMIUM Shrinking wage bill hits tax revenue collections 3 months ago WATCH: When a mine moves out, poverty and despair move in Blyvooruitzicht Gold Mine went into liquidation four years ago, now village residents are left in extreme poverty with no help on the horizon Most Read Cosatu cries foul over Asian workers 2 days ago Marketers must implement stringent measures to manage media costs 2 days ago Permits issued to allow for first imports of GM maize from the US 3 days ago Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Theresa May meeting with Donald Trump produces ‘not much’ — for now Trump and May studiously avoided saying they would begin negotiations for new US-UK trade deal Most Read African states to discuss mass withdrawal from International Criminal Court 1 day ago Donald Trump bars entry to US of people from seven countries 1 day ago Denmark — where negative interest rates have ensured a rich populace 1 day ago Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Blitzboks storm through tough pool SA faces France in Sunday’s quarterfinals Most Read Blitzboks storm through tough pool 22 hours ago Beijing soccer club Guoan FC tops AC Milan at $800m 2 days ago Young talent in Sri Lankan cricket team is dangerous, AB de Villiers says 1 day ago Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Extreme wealth costs the Earth The effect of lavish lifestyles on the environment needs to be understood, write Peter Wells and Anne Touboulic Most Read Porsche Panamera — executive athlete gets a makeover 3 days ago Luxury SUV party 3 days ago Porsche offers environmental executive Panamera 3 days ago Most Read Markets Pound takes a beating amid fresh Brexit anxiety 16 January 2017 - 07:51 AM Wayne Cole The British pound. Picture: PUBLIC DOMAIN IMAGE Sydney — Sterling slid to three-month lows in Asia on Monday with investors again spooked by concern over Britain’s exit from the EU, while US policy uncertainty lingered ahead of president-elect Donald Trump’s inauguration. Regional share markets were hesitant with MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan up just 0.09%. Japan’s Nikkei eased 0.3%, while Australia added 0.5%. All the early action was in currencies where the pound sank as low as $1.1983, depths not seen since the flash crash of October, having finished around $1.2175 in New York on Friday. It was last down 1.1% at $1.2044. Dealers said the market was reacting in part to a report in the Sunday Times that UK Prime Minister Theresa May would use a speech on Tuesday to signal plans for a "hard Brexit", quitting the EU’s single market to regain control of Britain’s borders. Investors have been worried such a decisive break from the single market would hurt British exports and drive foreign investment out of the country. "It is impossible to say by how much a hard Brexit could weaken [the pound], but we do not believe that a further 5%-10% depreciation should be regarded as an extreme scenario when set aside the UK’s high dependence on foreign capital," wrote analysts at JPMorgan in a note. The flight from sterling benefited the safe-haven Japanese yen, with the pound down 1.3% to ¥137.57 while the US dollar dipped to ¥114.24. Trading was erratic with currencies gyrating on very little volume. The dollar edged up 0.2% to 101.390 on a basket of currencies, while the euro pared initial losses to stand at $1.0632. Waiting on reflation The dollar index put in its worst weekly performance in more than two months last week as investors reconsidered the whole "reflation" trade — that Trump’s promises of debt-funded fiscal spending and lower taxes would stoke inflation and drive the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates faster. Fed chairwoman Janet Yellen will have an opportunity to lay out her thinking with speeches on monetary policy on both Wednesday and Thursday this week. All eyes will then be on Trump’s inauguration on Friday for any clarity on his economic plans. "The market is showing greater reluctance to push on with reflation-type trades without more details of proposed fiscal spending plans and the economic data to back it up," said analysts at ANZ in a research note. "It looks as though more than just reasonable data will be needed to see yields and the dollar push higher again. Some decent positive surprises may be necessary for the market to gain conviction." Asian markets are also waiting anxiously to see if Trump makes good on a campaign pledge to brand Beijing a currency manipulator on his first day in office, and starts to follow up on a threat to slap high tariffs on Chinese goods. Analysts fret that the spectre of deteriorating US-China trade and political ties is likely to weigh on the confidence of exporters and investors worldwide. Wall Street ended last week mixed, with the Dow off slightly but the Nasdaq at a record high. Sentiment this week could be driven by results from the major banks with Morgan Stanley, Citibank and Bank of New York Mellon among those reporting. In commodity markets, oil prices inched higher after shedding around 3% last week. Brent crude was up 9c at $55.54 a barrel, while US crude rose 7c to $52.44. Spot gold added 0.5% to $1,202.80/oz. Reuters Please login or register to comment. REGISTER LOGIN Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. Crude oil prices pushed this way and that by ... Markets 2. Two charts that show the global economy is about ... Markets 3. London Stock Exchange finalises clearing house ... Markets 4. JSE marginally higher on retailers ahead of rate ... Markets 5. MARKET WRAP: JSE gains on stronger miners as rand ... Markets Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. Crude oil prices pushed this way and that by ... Markets 2. Two charts that show the global economy is about ... Markets 3. London Stock Exchange finalises clearing house ... Markets 4. JSE marginally higher on retailers ahead of rate ... Markets 5. MARKET WRAP: JSE gains on stronger miners as rand ... Markets Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. Politics National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Markets Business Economy Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Read More About us Contact us FAQs Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Privacy policy © 2017 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. © BusinessLIVE MMXVII
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Budget 2017 Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Investors turn wary as Brexit, Trump uncertainty grows Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Mon Jan 16, 2017 | 9:23pm IST Investors turn wary as Brexit, Trump uncertainty grows A pile of one pound coins is seen in a photo illustration shot June 17, 2008. REUTERS/Toby Melville/Illustration/File Photo By Nigel Stephenson | LONDON LONDON Investors sold sterling and stocks on Monday, seeking shelter in gold and the Japanese yen as uncertainty over Britain's departure from the European Union and the policies of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump curbed appetite for risky assets. U.S. markets were closed for the Martin Luther King Day holiday, crimping market activity and potentially exacerbating price moves. The dollar rose, except against the yen, rebounding after suffering its worst week since November last week, when it was hit by a lack of clarity over what Trump, whose inauguration is on Friday, will do once he assumes office. The price of gold, a frequently sought haven for investors in uncertain times, hit its highest level since November. "The market is taking a reality check from Trump euphoria, equity markets are moving sideways, the dollar has steadied and bond yields are down, allowing gold to recover," Julius Baer commodities analyst Carsten Menke said. Yields on low-risk German government bonds fell, but those on Italian equivalents edged up after rating agency DBRS cut Italy's credit rating late on Friday, a move that could raise borrowing costs for the country's banks. But the eye-catching mover was Britain's pound, a day before a speech by British Prime Minister Theresa May. Media reported that she would lay out an exit from the EU that would see Britain lose access to the bloc's single market. The pound fell as low as $1.1983 in thin early Asian trade, which, barring a sudden "flash crash" in October, was its weakest against the dollar in 32 years. Investors will scrutinise May's speech for clues to whether she plans to prioritise immigration controls in a "hard Brexit" that some analysts say could hurt the economy. The fall in sterling, which makes UK exports cheaper, has contributed to an unprecedented 14-day rally in the blue-chip FTSE 100 stock index. The index fell 0.2 percent on Monday but still outperformed continental European markets. The main STOXX 600 index fell 0.8 percent, as declines in autos and banks offset a rally in eyewear makers Luxottica and Essilor, who agreed a 46 billion-euro merger. German carmakers BMW, Daimler and VW fell between 1.6 and 1.8 percent after Trump warned he would impose a 35 percent border tax on vehicles imported to the U.S. market. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan eased 0.6 percent, Japan's Nikkei lost 1 percent as the strong yen hit exporters. Sterling last traded at $1.2055, down 1 percent on the day. The euro was up 0.6 percent at 87.97 pence while the yen was up 0.8 percent at 137.40 to the pound. "Every time there’s hard Brexit headlines, that triggers a fresh bout of selling," MUFG currency analyst Lee Hardman said. "It's almost impossible to see Europe allowing the UK to remain a full member of the single market if it wants to regain control of the border and the laws and wants to strike its own agreement," he added. The dollar index, which measures the U.S. currency against six of its peers, rose 0.4 percent. The euro fell 0.4 percent to $1.0602 while the yen, another perceived safe haven investment, rose 0.5 percent to 113.99 per dollar. ITALY DOWNGRADED German 10-year bond yields fell 2 basis points to 0.25 percent. Italian 10-year yields, by contrast, rose marginally to 1.90 percent. Italy's downgrade will mean Italian banks will have to pay more to borrow money from the European Central Bank when they use the country's sovereign bonds as collateral. It may also make Italian debt less attractive for foreign buyers. Oil held steady, though doubts that large oil producers will cut output, as agreed by the Organization of the Oil Producing Countries and others, put prices under pressure Brent, the international benchmark, last traded at $55.37 a barrel, down 8 cents on the day. (Additional reporting by Wayne Cole in Sydney, Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru, Jemima Kelly, Dhara Ranasnighe, Christopher Johnson and Julia Payne in London; Editing by Jeremy Gaunt) Next In Money News Toshiba chair ready to resign over Westinghouse writedowns - Nikkei TOKYO Toshiba Corp Chairman Shigenori Shiga is ready to step down to take responsibility for the huge writedowns looming over the Japanese group's U.S. nuclear power unit Westinghouse Electric Co LLC, the Nikkei business daily reported. Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension NEW YORK Bill Gates and Warren Buffett on Friday expressed optimism that the United States will move ahead as a nation, even as it works through political differences and gets used to the new Trump administration. SEBI sets listing rules for exchanges MUMBAI The Securities and Exchange Board of India announced on Friday new measures for exchanges listing on a rival bourse to resolve any potential conflicts of interest, including closer oversight from an independent panel set up by the regulator. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick Chaos, anger as Trump order halts some Muslim immigrants Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Commodities Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Source : By : Wayne Cole Last Updated: Mon, Jan 16, 2017 11:38 hrs Tweet Mail Print Sterling slid to three-month lows in Asia on Monday with investors spooked anew by concerns over Britain's divorce from the European Union, while U.S. policy uncertainty lingered ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration. Regional share markets were hesitant. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan eased 0.5 percent, Japan's Nikkei lost 0.6 percent and Shanghai shed 1.4 percent. Spread betters pointed to likely opening gains for UK shares, but a drop for German equities. All the early action was in currencies where the pound sank as low as $1.1983, depths not seen since the flash crash of October, having finished around $1.2175 in New York on Friday. It was last down 1.2 percent at $1.2032. Dealers said the market was reacting in part to a report in the Sunday Times that U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May will use a speech on Tuesday to signal plans for a "hard Brexit", quitting the EU's single market to regain control of Britain's borders. Investors have been worried such a decisive break from the single market would hurt British exports and drive foreign investment out of the country. "It is impossible to say by how much a hard Brexit could weaken GBP, but we do not believe that a further 5-10 percent depreciation should be regarded as an extreme scenario when set aside the UK's high dependence on foreign capital," wrote analysts at JPMorgan in a note. The flight from sterling benefited the safe-haven Japanese yen, with the pound down 1.5 percent to 137.34 yen while the U.S. dollar dipped to 114.17. Against a basket of currencies, the dollar was up 0.3 percent at 101.510. The euro pared initial losses to stand at $1.0611. WAITING ON REFLATION The dollar index put in its worst weekly performance in more than two months last week as investors reconsidered the whole "reflation" trade - that Trump's promises of debt-funded fiscal spending and lower taxes would stoke inflation and drive the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates faster. Fed Chair Janet Yellen will have an opportunity to lay out her thinking with speeches on monetary policy scheduled for both Wednesday and Thursday this week. All eyes will then be on Trump's inauguration on Friday for any clarity on his economic plans. "The market is showing greater reluctance to push on with reflation-type trades without more details of proposed fiscal spending plans and the economic data to back it up," said analysts at ANZ in a research note. "It looks as though more than just reasonable data will be needed to see yields and the dollar push higher again. Some decent positive surprises may be necessary for the market to gain conviction." Asian markets are also waiting anxiously to see if Trump makes good on a campaign pledge to brand Beijing a currency manipulator on his first day in office, and starts to follow up on a threat to slap high tariffs on Chinese goods. Analysts fret that the spectre of deteriorating U.S.-China trade and political ties is likely to weigh on the confidence of exporters and investors worldwide. Wall Street ended last week mixed, with the Dow off slightly but the Nasdaq at a record high. Sentiment this week could be driven by results from the major banks with Morgan Stanley, Citibank and Bank of New York Mellon among those reporting. In commodity markets, oil prices inched higher after shedding around 3 percent last week. Brent crude was up 18 cents at $55.63 a barrel, while U.S. crude rose 16 cents to $52.51. Spot gold added 0.5 percent to $1,203.00 an ounce. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28120.00 (-0.46%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28830.00 (0.8%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0.35%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28440.00 (-0.59%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27600.00 (-0.36%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27750.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28250.00 (-0.07%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News BUDGET 2017 Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Stocks Forex Commodities Gold & Silver Today's Pick Portfolio Tracker Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Reuters   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Sydney, Jan 16:   Sterling slid to three-month lows in Asia on Monday with investors spooked anew by concerns over Britain's divorce from the European Union, while US policy uncertainty lingered ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration. Regional share markets were hesitant. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan eased 0.5 per cent, Japan's Nikkei lost 0.6 per cent and Shanghai shed 1.4 per cent. Spread betters pointed to likely opening gains for UK shares, but a drop for German equities. All the early action was in currencies where the pound sank as low as $1.1983, depths not seen since the flash crash of October, having finished around $1.2175 in New York on Friday. It was last down 1.2 per cent at $1.2032. Dealers said the market was reacting in part to a report in the Sunday Times that UK Prime Minister Theresa May will use a speech on Tuesday to signal plans for a “hard Brexit", quitting the EU's single market to regain control of Britain's borders. Investors have been worried such a decisive break from the single market would hurt British exports and drive foreign investment out of the country. “It is impossible to say by how much a hard Brexit could weaken GBP, but we do not believe that a further 5-10 per cent depreciation should be regarded as an extreme scenario when set aside the UK's high dependence on foreign capital,” wrote analysts at JPMorgan in a note. The flight from sterling benefited the safe-haven Japanese yen, with the pound down 1.5 per cent to 137.34 yen while the US dollar dipped to 114.17. Against a basket of currencies, the dollar was up 0.3 per cent at 101.510. The euro pared initial losses to stand at $1.0611. Waiting on reflation The dollar index put in its worst weekly performance in more than two months last week as investors reconsidered the whole "reflation” trade - that Trump's promises of debt-funded fiscal spending and lower taxes would stoke inflation and drive the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates faster. Fed Chair Janet Yellen will have an opportunity to lay out her thinking with speeches on monetary policy scheduled for both Wednesday and Thursday this week. All eyes will then be on Trump's inauguration on Friday for any clarity on his economic plans. “The market is showing greater reluctance to push on with reflation-type trades without more details of proposed fiscal spending plans and the economic data to back it up,” said analysts at ANZ in a research note. “It looks as though more than just reasonable data will be needed to see yields and the dollar push higher again. Some decent positive surprises may be necessary for the market to gain conviction.” Asian markets are also waiting anxiously to see if Trump makes good on a campaign pledge to brand Beijing a currency manipulator on his first day in office, and starts to follow up on a threat to slap high tariffs on Chinese goods. Analysts fret that the spectre of deteriorating US-China trade and political ties is likely to weigh on the confidence of exporters and investors worldwide. Wall Street ended last week mixed, with the Dow off slightly but the Nasdaq at a record high. Sentiment this week could be driven by results from the major banks with Morgan Stanley, Citibank and Bank of New York Mellon among those reporting. In commodity markets, oil prices inched higher after shedding around 3 percent last week. Brent crude was up 18 cents at $55.63 a barrel, while US crude rose 16 cents to $52.51. Spot gold added 0.5 per cent to $1,203.00 an ounce. (This article was published on January 16, 2017) Related NEWS Rupee trading strong at 68.12 Sensex ends higher by 50 points; realty, consumer durables stocks major gainers TOPICS economy, business and finance | stocks and shares | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Markets Live: Sensex climbs 174 points; ICICI Bank up 4.7% More... Tweet O P E N close Recent Article in Stocks Top eight companies add Rs 96,602 cr in market valuation; HDFC shines Eight of the top-10 most valued Indian companies together added Rs 96,602 crore in market valuation last week, with HDFC emerging as the... » Business Line: Home | News | BUDGET 2017 | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Photos Videos Topics Live SL 170/5 (19.5) - SA 169/5 (20) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Republic Day 2017 Kaabil Raees Donald Trump Bigg Boss 10 Home Money Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity (File Photo) Shares2 Mon, 16 Jan 2017-08:34am , Sydney , Reuters A report in the SUnday Times said that UK PM Theresa May will use a speech on Tuesday to signal plans for a 'hard Brexit'. Sterling slid to three-month lows in Asia on Monday with investors again spooked by concerns over Britain's exit from the European Union, while US policy uncertainty lingered ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration. Regional share markets were hesitant with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan up just 0.09%. Japan's Nikkei eased 0.3%, while Australia added 0.5%. All the early action was in currencies where the pound sank as low as $1.1983, depths not seen since the flash crash of October, having finished around $1.2175 in New York on Friday. It was last down 1.1% at $1.2044. Dealers said the market was reacting in part to a report in the Sunday Times that UK Prime Minister Theresa May will use a speech on Tuesday to signal plans for a "hard Brexit", quitting the EU's single market to regain control of Britain's borders. Investors have been worried such a decisive break from the single market would hurt British exports and drive foreign investment out of the country. "It is impossible to say by how much a hard Brexit could weaken GBP, but we do not believe that a further 5-10% depreciation should be regarded as an extreme scenario when set aside the UK's high dependence on foreign capital," wrote analysts at JPMorgan in a note. The flight from sterling benefited the safe-haven Japanese yen, with the pound down 1.3% to 137.57 yen while the US dollar dipped to 114.24. Trading was erratic with currencies gyrating on very little volume. The dollar edged up 0.2% to 101.390 on a basket of currencies, while the euro pared initial losses to stand at $1.0632. WAITING ON REFLATION The dollar index put in its worst weekly performance in more than two months last week as investors reconsidered the whole "reflation" trade - that Trump's promises of debt-funded fiscal spending and lower taxes would stoke inflation and drive the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates faster. Fed Chair Janet Yellen will have an opportunity to lay out her thinking with speeches on monetary policy on both Wednesday and Thursday this week. All eyes will then be on Trump's inauguration on Friday for any clarity on his economic plans. "The market is showing greater reluctance to push on with reflation-type trades without more details of proposed fiscal spending plans and the economic data to back it up," said analysts at ANZ in a research note. "It looks as though more than just reasonable data will be needed to see yields and the dollar push higher again. Some decent positive surprises may be necessary for the market to gain conviction." Asian markets are also waiting anxiously to see if Trump makes good on a campaign pledge to brand Beijing a currency manipulator on his first day in office, and starts to follow up on a threat to slap high tariffs on Chinese goods. Analysts fret that the spectre of deteriorating US-China trade and political ties is likely to weigh on the confidence of exporters and investors worldwide. Wall Street ended last week mixed, with the Dow off slightly but the Nasdaq at a record high. Sentiment this week could be driven by results from the major banks with Morgan Stanley, Citibank and Bank of New York Mellon among those reporting. In commodity markets, oil prices inched higher after shedding around 3% last week. Brent crude was up 9 cents at $55.54 a barrel, while US crude rose 7 cents to $52.44. Spot gold added 0.5% to $1,202.80 an ounce. TOP TOP < Shades of the female mid-life crisis   Comments   Also Read Money India, other emerging markets to grow more sharply in coming years: PwC Money Unitech to refund Rs 3.33 crore to homebuyer Money BSE to list on NSE on February 3 Money Bata India takes sub-brands route to connect with youth Money Govt may make Aadhaar must for rail concession in Budget 2017 Money Gems, jewellery exports likely to rise 10% in FY17: GJEPC Next Article > DNA Morning Must Reads: Army chief Bipin Rawat's warning to Pak; Kohli, Jadhav steer India's ODI win against Aus; and more < Previous ArticleNext Article > Shades of the female mid-life crisis Live Cricket Score Live SL 170/5 (19.5) SL beat SA by 5 wickets SA 169/5 (20) Full Scorecard | Commentary India vs England Sun, 29 January 2017, 07:00 PM IST Next node DNA Morning Must Reads: Army chief Bipin Rawat's warning to Pak; Kohli, Jadhav steer India's ODI win against Aus; and more Related Asian shares rise as Dow tops 20,000 for first time Rupee down 4 paise against dollar Asian stocks at 3-month highs on US cues, dollar rebounds for now Video Balancing Act: Watch Vietnamese circus artist brothers smash an INSANE Guinness World Record ‘Backpack Challenge’ is the new teen craze taking over social media Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut View all Tags Dollar Gold yen Sterling Brexit EURO Donald Trump European Union Theresa May China Nasdaq SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Trump to honour refugee swap deal with Australia - source Tushar Gandhi slams Maha govt for mentioning Mahatma's name in Iraq Shi'ite paramilitary calls for ban on U.S. nationals Trump to honour refugee swap deal with Australia - source Modi asks the youth to spread stories of soldiers' valour Sport Shocked by Sawant's death: BCCI Cycling-Road-WorldTour Ranking standings Reuters Sports News Summary Physical trainer of India Under-19 cricket team found dead in Mumbai hotel room India U-19 trainer passes away due to 'cardiac arrest' Entertainment Hollywood producers name "La La Land" the year's best film Shah Rukh Khan and his team Raees plan a no-alcohol celebration for the film's success! Hrithik has a blast with 'brother' Salman .NewDelhiANI John Legend slams Trump's immigration ban Money The Chairman said that to overcome the challenges, a 60-70% jump in production capacity a challenge: SAIL Chairman Time to come out with comprehensive gold policy: Y V Reddy Time to come out with comprehensive gold policy: Y V Reddy The development of NW-1 through the JMVP will facilitate Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe M&As Seen Driving India Dollar Offerings as Costs Drop by Anurag Joshi More stories by Anurag Joshi January 15, 2017, 4:00 PM EST January 17, 2017, 12:20 AM EST Adani Ports, BPCL first among local firms to sell dollar bonds Spreads on Indian dollar bonds at lowest since October 2014 Indian dollar-denominated bond sales are set to accelerate in 2017 as mergers and acquisitions and the cheapest borrowing costs in more than two years drive issuance.   That’s a contrast to 2016 when sales of U.S. currency notes by local borrowers fell to a six-year low as higher U.S. interest rates and a slump in the rupee to a record low jolted sentiment. NN Investment Partners expects sales will rebound as companies seek funds for increased M&A, while Citigroup Inc. sees easing rate volatility bolstering issuance. Average spreads on Indian dollar bonds fell to 234 basis points Jan. 11, the lowest since October 2014, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co. indexes. “We see dollar issuance in 2017 being more than last year, driven by M&A activity especially from the oil and gas industry,” Wee Lee Cheng, a Singapore-based analyst at NN Investment said in an interview. “Indian bonds’ valuations are about fair but they do offer geographic diversity for investors away from large issuance from China. As long as increases in Fed rates do not result in a risk-off environment, we do expect Indian dollar issuances to continue.” Mergers and acquisitions in India totaled $81.17 billion last year versus $67.66 billion in 2015, data compiled by Bloomberg show. So far this month, Indian companies have raised $1.1 billion in dollar bonds. Bharat Petroleum Corp.’s Singapore unit issued $600 million of 10-year U.S. currency notes, while Adani Ports & Special Economic Zone Ltd. sold $500 million. Dollar bond sales from local borrowers fell to $8 billion in 2016 versus $8.4 billion in 2015 and $15.1 billion in 2014. That came amid a backdrop of the Federal Reserve’s rate increase in December, the rupee’s slump and India’s demonetization policy in November.  The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter “Issuers that had put their issuance plans on hold and were monitoring the market last year given concerns about change in U.S. leadership and interest rate outlook will now be able to accelerate their bond sale plans,” Neville Fernandes, head of debt capital markets at Citi India, said in an interview. “The rate volatility has subsided and people are taking comfort from the new normal on interest rates.” Euro Funding Not all companies are looking at dollar funding. NTPC Ltd., Asia’s second-largest power producer by revenues, is seeking euro bonds to fund capital expenditure, said K. Biswal, its director for finance. “We feel we can raise euro funds at cheaper rates than dollar. At this time, it is not advisable to go for dollar bonds.” “The USD bond market is off to a very strong start this year given the quantum of investor money waiting to be deployed,” said Arun Saigal, Mumbai-based head for global finance at the Indian unit of Barclays Plc. “For India specifically, the outlook continues to be very positive given the strong underlying macro fundamentals and favorable supply dynamics.” Bharat Petroleum’s sale was covered almost three times, while Adani Ports’ book was double the issue size. Indian dollar bonds returned 7.4 percent in 2016, compared with 5.8 percent for Asia, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co. indexes. “Dollar bonds should continue to be attractive for many Indian insurers because the amounts companies can raise overseas exceeds domestic markets,” said Jujhar Singh, head of capital markets for South Asia at Standard Chartered Plc in Singapore. The rupee’s slump and the government’s demonetization move “has not adversely impacted Indian issuance, as evident from the data points in the primary dollar bond markets – very successful new issuances by Bharat Petroleum and Adani Ports & Special Economic Zone,” he said. (Corrects banker name in third-last graph in story published on Jan. 16.) Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Google Recalls Staff to U.S. After Trump Immigration Order Trump’s Order on Refugee Limits Draws Iran Retaliation Threat Trump’s Visa Ban Order: The View From a Worried Middle East White House Defends Immigrant Ban After Travelers Stopped Merkel Takes on Starbucks in Bashing Over Unfair Tax Practices Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Investors turn wary as Brexit, Trump uncertainty grows By Nigel Stephenson ReutersJanuary 16, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share View photos A worker shelters from the rain under a Union Flag umbrella as he passes the London Stock Exchange in London, Britain, October 1, 2008. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File PhotoMore By Nigel Stephenson LONDON (Reuters) - Investors sold sterling and stocks on Monday, seeking shelter in gold and the Japanese yen as uncertainty over Britain's departure from the European Union and the policies of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump curbed appetite for risky assets. U.S. markets were closed for the Martin Luther King Day holiday, crimping market activity and potentially exacerbating price moves. The dollar <.DXY> rose, except against the yen, rebounding after suffering its worst week since November last week, when it was hit by a lack of clarity over what Trump, whose inauguration is on Friday, will do once he assumes office. The price of gold, a frequently sought haven for investors in uncertain times, hit its highest level since November. "The market is taking a reality check from Trump euphoria, equity markets are moving sideways, the dollar has steadied and bond yields are down, allowing gold to recover," Julius Baer commodities analyst Carsten Menke said. Yields on low-risk German government bonds fell, but those on Italian equivalents edged up after rating agency DBRS cut Italy's credit rating late on Friday, a move that could raise borrowing costs for the country's banks. But the eye-catching mover was Britain's pound, a day before a speech by British Prime Minister Theresa May. Media reported that she would lay out an exit from the EU that would see Britain lose access to the bloc's single market. The pound <GBP=D4> fell as low as $1.1983 in thin early Asian trade, which, barring a sudden "flash crash" in October, was its weakest against the dollar in 32 years. Investors will scrutinize May's speech for clues to whether she plans to prioritize immigration controls in a "hard Brexit" that some analysts say could hurt the economy. The fall in sterling, which makes UK exports cheaper, has contributed to an unprecedented 14-day rally in the blue-chip FTSE 100 stock index <.FTSE>. The index fell 0.2 percent on Monday but still outperformed continental European markets. The main STOXX 600 index <.STOXX> fell 0.8 percent, as declines in autos and banks offset a rally in eyewear makers Luxottica <LUX.MI> and Essilor <ESSI.PA>, who agreed a 46 billion-euro merger. German carmakers BMW <BMWG.DE>, Daimler <DAIG.DE> and VW <VOWG.DE> fell between 1.6 and 1.8 percent after Trump warned he would impose a 35 percent border tax on vehicles imported to the U.S. market. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan <.MIAPJ0000PUS> eased 0.6 percent, Japan's Nikkei <.N225> lost 1 percent as the strong yen hit exporters. Sterling last traded at $1.2055, down 1 percent on the day. The euro was up 0.6 percent at 87.97 pence <EURGBP=> while the yen was up 0.8 percent at 137.40 to the pound. "Every time there’s hard Brexit headlines, that triggers a fresh bout of selling," MUFG currency analyst Lee Hardman said. "It's almost impossible to see Europe allowing the UK to remain a full member of the single market if it wants to regain control of the border and the laws and wants to strike its own agreement," he added. The dollar index <.DXY>, which measures the U.S. currency against six of its peers, rose 0.4 percent. The euro <EUR=> fell 0.4 percent to $1.0602 while the yen, another perceived safe haven investment, rose 0.5 percent to 113.99 per dollar. ITALY DOWNGRADED German 10-year bond yields fell 2 basis points to 0.25 percent <DE10YT=TWEB>. Italian 10-year yields, by contrast, rose marginally to 1.90 percent. Italy's downgrade will mean Italian banks will have to pay more to borrow money from the European Central Bank when they use the country's sovereign bonds as collateral. It may also make Italian debt less attractive for foreign buyers. Oil held steady, though doubts that large oil producers will cut output, as agreed by the Organization of the Oil Producing Countries and others, put prices under pressure Brent, the international benchmark, last traded at $55.37 a barrel, down 8 cents on the day <LCOc1>. For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by Wayne Cole in Sydney, Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru, Jemima Kelly, Dhara Ranasnighe, Christopher Johnson and Julia Payne in London; Editing by Jeremy Gaunt) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next ACLU wins legal challenge against immigration ban: ‘Hope Trump enjoys losing’ 11326 messages5%70%25% Harness the full power of the internet with Fios Verizon FiosSponsored Police Search Suspect in Georgetown College Student's Abduction 11 messages7%62%31% Cold Case Murder of Righteous Brothers Singer’s Ex-Wife Finally Solved Nearly 41 Years Later 189 messages4%70%26% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1042 messages5%57%38% Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored A Caretaker Moving in to Help an Elderly Homeowner, Refuses to Leave 24 messages3%86%11% NBA contacts U.S. State Department to understand how President Donald Trump's immigration ban affects players 435 messages4%70%26% Trump attacks media again in early morning Twitter blast 4229 messages4%59%37% Giada De Laurentiis Drops New Years Bombshell NoozleySponsored Trump talks to world leaders amid alarm over Muslim immigrant policy 9576 messages6%65%29% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 969 messages9%18%73% Strangers Jump in to Help Man Having a Medical Emergency While Running a Marathon 15 messages0%91%9% How Older Women Tighten Skin BrilliantBlushCollectionSponsored Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner Give Pierced Nails and Just Wearing Bras a Try 335 messages6%66%28% Watch: Justin Bieber crushed into glass by Chris Pronger 283 messages5%73%22% Iran says to ban U.S. visitors in retaliation to Trump move Donald: Iran was not on my bucket list. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 8.8k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Pound sinks by most since October flash crash on 'hard Brexit' fears A bank employee counts pound notes at Kasikornbank in Bangkok, Thailand.PHOTO: REUTERS PublishedJan 16, 2017, 8:49 am SGT UpdatedJan 16, 2017, 1:18 pm More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4Wh5 Copy LONDON/SYDNEY (BLOOMBERG,REUTERS) - The pound slid below US$1.20 for the first time since October's flash crash, after reports that UK Prime Minister Theresa May will signal plans to quit the European Union's single market to regain control of Britain's borders and laws. Sterling declined against all its major peers after the Sunday Times said May will prepare to withdraw from tariff-free trade with the region in return for the ability to curb immigration and strike commercial deals with other countries. The currency has slumped 19 per cent against the US dollar since the U.K. opted to leave the EU in June's referendum, with declines since the initial aftermath of the vote mainly sparked by concern May would pursue a so-called "hard Brexit". The Sunday Times didn't say how its obtained the information, and the prime minister's office declined to comment on the report when contacted by Bloomberg News. Government officials told the newspaper they expect May's speech on Tuesday to cause a further "market correction." "Even if the pound recovers somewhat in London, it seems as though the realities of a hard Brexit are still not fully priced in," said Sean Callow, senior strategist at Westpac Banking Corp. in Sydney. "It is difficult to make the case for the pound to avoid testing - probably breaking - the 'flash crash' lows in coming weeks." The pound fell as much as 1.6 per cent on Monday to US$1.1986, the weakest level since Oct 7 when it reached US$1.1841, the least since 1985. It was down 1.2 per cent at US$1.2028 as of 9:09am in Tokyo. Against the Singapore dollar, the pound tumbled to S$1.7125 at 4:58am, Singapore time, and was trading at S$1.7224 at 8:53am, down 1/3 per cent from its close on Friday. The pound trimmed some of its losses after Bloomberg News reported the UK Treasury is drawing up plans to reassure investors following May's speech on Tuesday, and as US President-elect Donald Trump told the Times that he will offer the UK a "fair" trade deal. A measure of anticipated price swings for the pound jumped when the date for May's speech was announced last week as traders sought protection against more turmoil. With details of the UK's exit strategy remaining scant less than three months before the Prime Minister's own deadline to trigger formal talks with the EU, traders have previously seen her pronouncements on Brexit as a trigger to sell the pound, even if she has mainly reiterated existing views. Sterling fell following her speech at the Conservative Party conference in October, which fanned speculation she was eyeing a clean break with the EU, and dropped to the lowest level since October last week following her first television interview of 2017. May's speech isn't the only approaching Brexit milestone. The Supreme Court is set to rule this month whether May or Parliament carries the power to invoke the exit, although few see the process being derailed either way. "The pound risks a violent rally to cover short positions if the UK Supreme Court rules to support Parliament," said Naohiro Nomoto, manager of foreign-exchange trading at Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ in Tokyo. The pound has previously been prone to outsized swings during Asian trading, with the most extreme being October's flash crash, which saw the currency tumble more than 6 per cent in a matter of minutes. While an investigation by the Bank for International Settlements released last week found no single cause for the event, it highlighted that the time of day played a significant role in making the market more vulnerable. Meanwhile, regional share markets opened hesitantly on Monday with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan up just 0.09 per cent. Japan's Nikkei eased 0.3 per cent, while Australia added 0.5 per cent. The flight from sterling benefited the safe-haven Japanese yen, with the pound down 1.3 per cent to 137.57 yen while the US dollar dipped to 114.24. Trading was erratic with currencies gyrating on very little volume. The US dollar edged up 0.2 per cent to 101.390 on a basket of currencies, while the euro pared initial losses to stand at US$1.0632. The dollar index put in its worst weekly performance in more than two months last week as investors reconsidered the whole "reflation" trade - that Trump's promises of debt-funded fiscal spending and lower taxes would stoke inflation and drive the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates faster. Fed chair Janet Yellen will have an opportunity to lay out her thinking with speeches on monetary policy on both Wednesday and Thursday this week. All eyes will then be on Trump's inauguration on Friday for any clarity on his economic plans. "The market is showing greater reluctance to push on with reflation-type trades without more details of proposed fiscal spending plans and the economic data to back it up," said analysts at ANZ in a research note. "It looks as though more than just reasonable data will be needed to see yields and the dollar push higher again. Some decent positive surprises may be necessary for the market to gain conviction." Asian markets are also waiting anxiously to see if Trump makes good on a campaign pledge to brand Beijing a currency manipulator on his first day in office, and starts to follow up on a threat to slap high tariffs on Chinese goods. Analysts fret that the spectre of deteriorating US-China trade and political ties is likely to weigh on the confidence of exporters and investors worldwide. Wall Street ended last week mixed, with the Dow off slightly but the Nasdaq at a record high. Sentiment this week could be driven by results from the major banks with Morgan Stanley, Citibank and Bank of New York Mellon among those reporting. In commodity markets, oil prices inched higher after shedding around 3 per cent last week. Brent crude was up 9 cents at US$55.54 a barrel, while US crude rose 7 cents to US$52.44. Spot gold added 0.5 per cent to US$1,202.80 an ounce. With additional information from the Straits Times Topics:  CURRENCIES ASIAN STOCKS BREXIT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4Wh5 Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017jan23_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Cornerstone of Market Research Firm's PDPA Compliance st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in Shopping New styles just in! Lowest price Onitsuka Tiger at $54.50 only! SK-II Pitera Set suitable for V'day gift! Get now while stocks last! Lowest price ever! Save $400 on Dyson V6 only for first 30 sets! Save $240 on OnePlus 3T! Limited to first 20 sets only!! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Home» Globe Investor» Markets A currency trader watches monitors near screens showing foreign exchange rates at the foreign exchange dealing room in Seoul, South Korea, Friday, Jan. 13, 2017. (Lee Jin-man/AP) A currency trader watches monitors near screens showing foreign exchange rates at the foreign exchange dealing room in Seoul, South Korea, Friday, Jan. 13, 2017. (Lee Jin-man/AP) Pound skids on Brexit worry; investors hope for Trump clarity Add to ... Wayne Cole SYDNEY — Reuters Published Sunday, Jan. 15, 2017 6:52PM EST Last updated Sunday, Jan. 15, 2017 7:35PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print The pound slid to three-month lows in Asia on Monday with investors again spooked by concerns over Britain’s exit from the European Union, while U.S. policy uncertainty lingered ahead of President-elect Donald Trump’s inauguration. Regional share markets were hesitant with MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan up just 0.09 per cent. Japan’s Nikkei eased 0.3 per cent, while Australia added 0.5 per cent. All the early action was in currencies where the pound sank as low as $1.1983, depths not seen since the flash crash of October, having finished around $1.2175 in New York on Friday. It was last down 1.1 per cent at $1.2044. Dealers said the market was reacting in part to a report in the Sunday Times that U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May will use a speech on Tuesday to signal plans for a “hard Brexit”, quitting the EU’s single market to regain control of Britain’s borders. Investors have been worried such a decisive break from the single market would hurt British exports and drive foreign investment out of the country. “It is impossible to say by how much a hard Brexit could weaken GBP, but we do not believe that a further 5-10 per cent depreciation should be regarded as an extreme scenario when set aside the UK’s high dependence on foreign capital,” wrote analysts at JPMorgan in a note. The flight from the pound benefited the safe-haven Japanese yen, with the pound down 1.3 per cent to 137.57 yen while the U.S. dollar dipped to 114.24. Trading was erratic with currencies gyrating on very little volume. The dollar edged up 0.2 per cent to 101.390 on a basket of currencies, while the euro pared initial losses to stand at $1.0632. WAITING ON REFLATION The dollar index put in its worst weekly performance in more than two months last week as investors reconsidered the whole “reflation” trade – that Trump’s promises of debt-funded fiscal spending and lower taxes would stoke inflation and drive the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates faster. Fed Chair Janet Yellen will have an opportunity to lay out her thinking with speeches on monetary policy on both Wednesday and Thursday this week. All eyes will then be on Trump’s inauguration on Friday for any clarity on his economic plans. “The market is showing greater reluctance to push on with reflation-type trades without more details of proposed fiscal spending plans and the economic data to back it up,” said analysts at ANZ in a research note. “It looks as though more than just reasonable data will be needed to see yields and the dollar push higher again. Some decent positive surprises may be necessary for the market to gain conviction.” Asian markets are also waiting anxiously to see if Trump makes good on a campaign pledge to brand Beijing a currency manipulator on his first day in office, and starts to follow up on a threat to slap high tariffs on Chinese goods. Analysts fret that the spectre of deteriorating U.S.-China trade and political ties is likely to weigh on the confidence of exporters and investors worldwide. Wall Street ended last week mixed, with the Dow off slightly but the Nasdaq at a record high. Sentiment this week could be driven by results from the major banks with Morgan Stanley, Citibank and Bank of New York Mellon among those reporting. In commodity markets, oil prices inched higher after shedding around 3 per cent last week. Brent crude was up 9 cents at $55.54 a barrel, while U.S. crude rose 7 cents to $52.44. Spot gold added 0.5 per cent to $1,202.80 an ounce. Report Typo/Error   NIKKEINikkei 225, Japan Latest Price19,467.40 +65.01 (+0.34%) SSECShanghai Composite, China Latest Price3,159.17 +9.61 (+0.31%) HKHang Seng, Hong Kong Latest Price23,360.78 -13.39 (-0.06%) COMPNASDAQ NMS COMPOSITE INDEX Latest Price5,660.78 +5.61 (+0.10%) DJIADow Jones Industrials Latest Price20,093.78 -7.13 (-0.04%) SPXS&P 500 INDEX Latest Price2,294.69 -1.99 (-0.09%) Updated January 26 3:10 PM +8GMT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story The close: Financials lead TSX’s broad gains to end choppy week CURRENCY Pound falls to three-month low as May reported to seek hard Brexit UK will adapt if barred from EU market, Treasury chief says Topics United Kingdom Banking Currency Capital Markets United States of America Asia Theresa May Donald Trump Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know Globe Investor Why wealthy families lose their fortunes in three generations News How Manitoba Premier Brian Pallister spends his working holiday in Costa Rica Life Five reasons to never do crunches again ROB Magazine The real reason house prices in Toronto are soaring Sports Unusually large crop of rookies driving Leafs’ surprising success The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Presidential or dangerously erratic? John Ibbitson on week one of Trump's presidency News Kenneth Irving opens up about his battle with depression and the path to wellness News Trump travel ban sparks panic abroad, lawsuits at home Globe Drive The iconic VW microbus is back, but is it just a diversion? News Trump's immigration ban prompts protests and outrage News Video: Immigration, reproductive rights, taxes: Rural Americans share why they voted Trump News Visit the Costa Rican holiday spot where Manitoba's premier spends his working vacations Life Gender takes a back stage to makeup and manicures for some young Japanese men Report on Business Take an aerial tour of Fort Hills, the latest oil sands megaproject Report on Business The stop-start story of the Keystone XL pipeline Report on Business U.S. growth slows Globe Drive The three stand-out cars at the Detroit auto show ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business How five companies broke out from the pack Globe Investor Reasons why you should not bank on an inheritance More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Trump immigration ban ‘a boon' for Canadian tech industry, say executives Life Include these foods and supplements in your vegan or plant-based diet Most popular Trump immigration ban ‘a boon' for Canadian tech industry, say executives Trump’s travel ban on citizens from Muslim-majority countries causes anger, chaos in U.S. and abroad Let’s call Trump’s Muslim ban what it really is: A hate crime Trump’s ‘vetting’ just made the world less free – and less safe Jan. 29: Your lookahead horoscope X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity GLOBAL MARKETS-Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity GLOBAL MARKETS-Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Source : Last Updated: Mon, Jan 16, 2017 06:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Sterling takes early spill, off lows in erratic trade * Dollar bulls on hold awaiting detail on Trump policies * Asia stocks hesitant after mixed finish on Wall St By Wayne Cole SYDNEY, Jan 16 (Reuters) - Sterling slid to three-month lows in Asia on Monday with investors again spooked by concerns over Britain's exit from the European Union, while U.S. policy uncertainty lingered ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration. Regional share markets were hesitant with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan up just 0.09 percent. Japan's Nikkei eased 0.3 percent, while Australia added 0.5 percent. All the early action was in currencies where the pound sank as low as $1.1983, depths not seen since the flash crash of October, having finished around $1.2175 in New York on Friday. It was last down 1.1 percent at $1.2044. Dealers said the market was reacting in part to a report in the Sunday Times that U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May will use a speech on Tuesday to signal plans for a "hard Brexit", quitting the EU's single market to regain control of Britain's borders. Investors have been worried such a decisive break from the single market would hurt British exports and drive foreign investment out of the country. "It is impossible to say by how much a hard Brexit could weaken GBP, but we do not believe that a further 5-10 percent depreciation should be regarded as an extreme scenario when set aside the UK's high dependence on foreign capital," wrote analysts at JPMorgan in a note. The flight from sterling benefited the safe-haven Japanese yen, with the pound down 1.3 percent to 137.57 yen while the U.S. dollar dipped to 114.24. Trading was erratic with currencies gyrating on very little volume. The dollar edged up 0.2 percent to 101.390 on a basket of currencies, while the euro pared initial losses to stand at $1.0632. WAITING ON REFLATION The dollar index put in its worst weekly performance in more than two months last week as investors reconsidered the whole "reflation" trade - that Trump's promises of debt-funded fiscal spending and lower taxes would stoke inflation and drive the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates faster. Fed Chair Janet Yellen will have an opportunity to lay out her thinking with speeches on monetary policy on both Wednesday and Thursday this week. All eyes will then be on Trump's inauguration on Friday for any clarity on his economic plans. "The market is showing greater reluctance to push on with reflation-type trades without more details of proposed fiscal spending plans and the economic data to back it up," said analysts at ANZ in a research note. "It looks as though more than just reasonable data will be needed to see yields and the dollar push higher again. Some decent positive surprises may be necessary for the market to gain conviction." Asian markets are also waiting anxiously to see if Trump makes good on a campaign pledge to brand Beijing a currency manipulator on his first day in office, and starts to follow up on a threat to slap high tariffs on Chinese goods. Analysts fret that the spectre of deteriorating U.S.-China trade and political ties is likely to weigh on the confidence of exporters and investors worldwide. Wall Street ended last week mixed, with the Dow off slightly but the Nasdaq at a record high. Sentiment this week could be driven by results from the major banks with Morgan Stanley, Citibank and Bank of New York Mellon among those reporting. In commodity markets, oil prices inched higher after shedding around 3 percent last week. Brent crude was up 9 cents at $55.54 a barrel, while U.S. crude rose 7 cents to $52.44. Spot gold added 0.5 percent to $1,202.80 an ounce. (Editing by Peter Cooney & Shri Navaratnam) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28120.00 (-0.46%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28830.00 (0.8%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0.35%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28440.00 (-0.59%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27600.00 (-0.36%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27750.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28250.00 (-0.07%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT ETF Focus Fidelity Bars Investors From Buying Unsuitable Products The brokerage bars retail customers from buying exchange-traded products that can produce big unexpected losses. By Chris Dieterich Biography June 18, 2016 How far should brokerages go to prevent clients from buying an exchange-traded product that is essentially broken? Fidelity Investments has taken particularly far-reaching steps to shield investors from unusual price swings, in certain cases prohibiting them from staking out new positions in dozens of products. As the number of exchange-traded products nears 2,000, brokerages should more directly acknowledge their role in determining which of these aren’t suitable for self-directed investors. Flash back to late January.... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Warren Buffett’s $2.95 Breakfast Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Barron’s Roundtable, Part 3: Digging Into the Details Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. A Skeptic’s View of the Trump Rally Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Next Stop, Dow 30,000 Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Health Insurer Anthem Has 30% Upside Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Oscar Schafer's 3 Values in a Pricey Market 2 Goldman: 2 Stock Picks; How to Play Bonds 3 Brian Rogers: 2 Stock Picks for the Trump Era Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Financial PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Midas Letter Subscribe News FP Street FP StreetFollow the Money TrendingTrump: Week One | Canadian dollar | Family Finance | Taxes | Oil Prices Bank watchers hope to gauge potential for ‘Trump effect’ as U.S. earnings season begin Barbara Shecter | January 12, 2017 | Last Updated: Jan 20 11:32 AM ET More from Barbara Shecter | @BatPost Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon U.S. banks will begin rolling out their latest earnings reports Friday amid soaring expectations for the sector, which many believe is poised to thrive under the incoming Trump administration’s low-tax and anti-regulation policies. Though it’s too soon to see any ‘Trump effect’ reflected directly in the banks’ financial results, industry watchers in Canada will be trying to glean how the banks themselves see things playing out during the upcoming quarters, and what that could mean for Canada’s biggest financial institutions. “Specifically, regarding the U.S. election, commentary surrounding corporate tax-rate reductions, amendments/repealing of banking regulations and macroeconomic conditions are expected to be the focus,” Mario Mendonca, a bank analyst at TD Securities Inc. in Toronto, said in a note to clients this week. The fourth quarter for U.S. banks such as Bank of America Corp., JP Morgan Chase & Co., and Wells Fargo & Co, reflects the performance in two of the three months that make up Canadian banks’ fiscal first quarter, so analysts often look to U.S. bank earnings season to try to assess how the performance will translate into the bottom lines of Canadian banks. Related Canadian stocks poised to accelerate should U.S. growth gain speed Why this fund manager isn’t buying the Trump rally This is particularly the case for Canadian banks with substantial operations in the United States, including Bank of Montreal, Toronto-Dominion Bank, and Royal Bank of Canada.   The most overlap tends to occur in capital markets, where events like Brexit and the U.S. election have provided a recent boost to trading.  “Although what happens in the U.S. does not always translate to Canada, a more positive commentary from Wall Street in Q4 will help boost already rising expectations for the Canadian banks’ capital markets revenues in fiscal 2017,” said Meny Grauman, a bank analyst at Cormark Securities Inc. in Toronto.   This week, the analyst will also be looking for U.S. bank executives to provide “a better sense of how they believe that rising rates, and more generally the Trump presidency … will likely impact their earnings streams” in the form of lower corporate taxes and reduced regulation.   The potential of the Trump presidency has not been lost on the chief executives of Canada’s big banks, some of whom indicated at a conference this week that the administration could be good for their U.S. operations.   “When the sentiment turns, it is going to be helpful for us,” TD chief executive Bharat Masrani told investors at the RBC Capital Markets Canadian Bank CEO Conference in Toronto.   He cited anticipated policies including tax reform, infrastructure spending, and regulatory streamlining.   Royal Bank of Canada chief executive Dave McKay said he expects a “stronger growth agenda” in the U.S.   “That would potentially lead to higher interest rates, which is very good for our franchise in the United States,” McKay said.   As the big U.S. banks roll out their latest financial results in the coming days, they are also expected to shed light on loan-growth rates, which TD’s Mendonca sees as particularly relevant to TD and Bank of Montreal because of their U.S. retail franchises.   “We continue to expect Canadian and U.S. C&I (commercial and industrial) loan growth … to partially offset the slowdown in Canadian domestic consumer lending,” the analyst wrote in the note to clients this week. When the sentiment turns, it is going to be helpful for us While Canadian banks with substantial operations south of the border are poised to also reap the benefits from Trump’s planned reforms if they come to fruition, the gains are not going to be seen right away. Trump doesn’t officially take office until Jan. 20.   What’s more, sector watchers say the potential earnings bump is likely to be tempered by the highly competitive banking sector in the U.S.   In Canada, where the six largest banks are dominant in most segments, competitive forces are more limited. Around the edges, credit unions and mono-line lenders compete in segments such as mortgage loans and credit cards, and newer online fintech firms are nipping at the fringes of the core retail franchises of the Big Six banks.   By contrast, the U.S. industry is crowded with large players, as well as hundreds of mid-sized regional banks that are hardly household names in Canada.   “The prospect of improved bank earnings in the U.S. due to lower tax rates, rising interest rates and reduced regulatory burden will over time — if it materializes — benefit the credit profiles of Canadian banks operating there,” said David Beattie, senior vice-president in the financial institutions group at Moody’s Investors Service. “But these potential earnings benefits will be dampened by the very competitive nature of the U.S. regional banking market.”   Despite the fierce competition, mid-sized regional banks have been on a tear since Trump was elected in November, with shares climbing in double digits.   The KBW Index, which is a benchmark for the U.S. banking sector reflecting 24 major bank stocks, soared 22.5 per cent between election day on Nov. 8 and the end of 2016. Financial Post Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: FP Street, News, Banking Services, Commercial Banking, U.S. economy, Wall Street Find a Story Stock Search News Videos Sponsored by SmallCapPower Small Cap Investing was provided by SmallCapPower.com for commercial purposes. Postmedia had no involvement in the creation of this content. Small Cap Investing Provided by Featured Contributors Theresa Tedesco Chief Business Correspondent Read Theresa's recent articles Barry Critchley Columnist Read Barry's recent articles Barbara Shecter Financial Services Reporter Read Barbara's recent articles Victoria Wells FP Street Producer Read Victoria's recent articles Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Post to Cancel
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video RPT-Wall St Week Ahead-U.S. banks to stay in fashion as earnings kick off Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Funds News | Sun Jan 15, 2017 | 1:00pm EST RPT-Wall St Week Ahead-U.S. banks to stay in fashion as earnings kick off (Repeats Friday story with no changes) By Sinead Carew and Lewis Krauskopf NEW YORK Jan 13 U.S. bank stocks will stay in favor with investors as long as earnings reports in the coming week show an improving profit outlook while investors wait to see if U.S. President-elect Donald Trump lives up to his campaign promises. Wells Fargo & Co., JPMorgan Chase & Co and Bank of America kicked off the earnings season on a positive note on Friday, sending the S&P 500's banking sub-sector up as much as 2.3 percent to its highest since February 2008 before paring gains. It closed trading up 0.8 percent compared with a 0.2 percent gain for the broader S&P 500. The banks' top executives expressed optimism on Friday about 2017 in their first public comments about earnings since Trump won the presidential election on Nov. 8. The bank index rose 24.8 percent between Nov. 8 and Dec. 9 then traded sideways for a month as bond yields fell. Investors were waiting for earnings and for concrete plans from Trump who has said he supports lower taxes, fiscal stimulus and lighter regulation, which would all help banks. Results and guidance from the big banks scheduled to report in the week ahead could boost the sector, according to John Praveen, chief investment strategist at Prudential International Investments Advisers LLC in Newark, New Jersey. "Results are likely to be good and the outlook is going to be positive so there's room for further gains," said Praveen. The S&P banks index has traded recently at 13.6 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months compared with its five-year average multiple of about 11 but in line with the 10-year average of 13.1, including the 2008 financial crisis, according to Thomson Reuters data. The banks' multiple is well below the broader S&P 500's forward price/earnings ratio of 17. But the banks' discount to the broader market has been shrinking since before the election. Praveen sees a bigger multiple expansion for the banking sector than for the S&P as a whole as more defensive sectors like utilities or consumer staples that are sensitive to interest rate hikes will likely not enjoy as much expansion. Among banks reporting in the coming week Morgan Stanley is expected to post results Tuesday followed by Citibank on Wednesday. BB&T Corp, KeyCorp and Bank of New York Mellon Corp all report on Thursday. Fred Cannon, director of research at KBW in New York, said banks' expanded valuations make them a "show-me" story but as long as earnings estimates are rising they should stay popular. "Until we see the blue skies get cloudy it will probably still be a sector in favor," he said. Some investors are more cautious going into earnings. For instance traders in Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund options have moved to protect post-election gains. Open contracts on the fund's shares are now the most defensive in about four weeks, according to options analytics firm Trade Alert. "The banks' stocks are likely to chop along in sideways volatility through earnings season," said Jeff Morris, head of U.S. equities for Standard Life Investments in Boston, who doesn't see earnings as a big catalyst at a time when there is still uncertainty about whether Trump will be able to enact policies expected to help banks and accelerate economic growth. While his firm has increased the weighting of bank stocks in its $360 billion assets under management since the election it is "not in the strong bull camp for bank stocks," Morris said. He warned that bank stocks could come under pressure if there is no clear path toward regulatory relief or an acceleration of economic growth coming into the third quarter. (Reporting by Sinead Carew, Lewis Krauskopf and Saqib Ahmed; Editing by James Dalgleish) Next In Funds News Peng Zhao replaces Kevin Turner atop Citadel Securities -statement NEW YORK, Jan 27 Kevin Turner has departed Ken Griffin's Citadel LLC less than a year after he joined as chief executive officer of the firm's market-making division, a spokesman confirmed to Reuters Friday. BRIEF-Elliott Associates buys 256,000 shares of Arconic's common stock between Jan 25-27 * Elliott Associates LP reports purchase of 256,000 shares of Arconic Inc's common stock between Jan 25-27 - SEC filing Source text: (http://bit.ly/2kbomsn) Further company coverage: BRIEF-Elliott International buys 544,000 shares of Arconic's common stock between Jan 25-27 * Elliott International LP reports purchase of 544,000 shares of Arconic Inc's common stock between Jan 25-27 - SEC filing Source text: (http://bit.ly/2kcxduf) Further company coverage: MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Confirmation hearings ObamaCare Donald Trump SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... WH defends Holocaust statement that didn't mention Jews Blog Briefing Room — 4h 49m ago Clinton: 'This is not who we are' Blog Briefing Room — 5h 7m ago ACLU celebrates: 'I hope Trump enjoys losing' Blog Briefing Room — 5h 35m ago Twitter CEO blasts Trump's 'upsetting' immigration ban In The Know — 6h 7m ago Judge blocks deportation of detainees over Trump refugee order Blog Briefing Room — 7h 17m ago GOP senators sound off on Trump refugee order National Security — 7h 31m ago Cuomo directs officials to assist people detained at NY airports Blog Briefing Room — 7h 50m ago Dem: Feds need to explain refugee order National Security — 7h 56m ago view all   Consumer financial protection is under attack by phony claims By Danielle Beavers, opinion contributor - 01/15/17 12:00 PM EST 53   © Getty Images Hold onto your wallets, America. Members of Congress wants to kill vital protections that help keep you from being ripped off. Some lawmakers have long had their knives out for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). Now, with a seemingly sympathetic president about to be inaugurated, they’ve stepped up the attacks. Some critics—not previously known as leaders on diversity or civil rights—claim that the CFPB has become “a breeding ground” for discrimination that devalues employees of color and women. As an advocate for diversity—and specifically as an advocate for communities of color—I have to call this out as the nonsense it is. First, remember that predatory lending targeting communities of color played a huge role in creating the 2008 financial crisis. Congress created the CFPB—over the objections of banking industry lobbyists—precisely to keep such abuse from tanking the economy again. And it’s working. The Greenlining Institute and other advocates for communities of color remain strong supporters of the CFPB because of its unwavering commitment to issues that most impact diverse communities. Since its founding, the CFPB has secured more than $11 billion in relief for consumers from lawbreakers, including $1.8 billion in settlements with Citibank, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo for illegal credit card practices. In addition, the bureau has created a searchable public complaint system and database to help consumers get answers from companies and usable information to protect themselves. It’s taken on industries and issues other regulators long dodged, like auto lending, to battle racial discrimination and disparate impact. It has also conducted a series of national roundtables to hear directly from consumers and communities of color about their most pressing needs and how the CFPB can help. Such a strong record is tough to attack, so those who want to kill or weaken the CFPB grasp at straws to paint the agency and its director, Richard Cordray, as racist and unfit to serve America’s diverse consumers, dredging up old incidents to make their case. Like any institution, the CFPB has had diversity challenges. In 2014, incomplete employee performance evaluations and satisfaction surveys published by American Banker revealed racial disparities among staff. These findings gave real cause for concern, but critics fail to mention that the bureau stepped up, acknowledged its failings and took significant steps to rectify the problems. The CFPB worked with the independent Office of Inspector General to investigate the workplace environment and conducted a series of employee townhalls to solicit feedback from its workers. CFPB also elevated its Office of Minority and Women Inclusion to report directly to Director Cordray. Bureau leadership has met with Greenlining, the NAACP and the National Urban League to solicit feedback, adopted new policies to eliminate a dysfunctional employee performance management system, and issued Diversity and Inclusion Strategic plans to ensure that agency culture reflects America’s diverse consumers. In a letter this month, a group of Democratic members led by Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif) cited these successful efforts and praised the CFPB’s efforts, writing, “It’s clear to us that Director Cordray has made significant strides in upholding our nation’s consumer protection laws and managing the complicated issues of diversity and inclusion at his agency.” ADVERTISEMENT Racial justice advocates know that no agency is ever “perfectly inclusive.” We also know that how agencies deal with diversity—especially when problems crop up or concerns get raised—is the most important measure of their commitment to people of color. The CFPB had issues in this area and took strong steps to address them. As a result, when we analyzed racial diversity in eight financial agencies that have Offices of Minority and Women Inclusion, CFPB ranked third of eight. The bureau still has work to do, but it’s on the right track. Complaints about diversity at the CFPB represent a smokescreen designed to distract from the real issue. The CFPB provides vital, long-overdue protection for consumers who used to be at the mercy of manipulation and deceit from financial businesses. All consumers—especially communities of color who’ve often been most blatantly victimized—need the CFPB to remain strong and independent. Congress must reject attempts to destroy this vital agency. Danielle Beavers is director of diversity and inclusion at The Greenlining Institute, a public policy and advocacy nonprofit organization based in Oakland, California, whose mission is to empower communities of color and other disadvantaged groups through multiethnic economic and leadership development and civil rights activities. The views of Contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags Consumers, Finance, Banking, minorities, Race, Congress, regulations, Richard Cordray   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Judge blocks deportation of... Judge grants emergency stay temporarily halting removal of those detained... 4,027 Shares 2 Trump signs three more executive... Trump adds Steve Bannon to National Security Council, removes chairman of... 872 Shares 3 Clinton: 'This is not who we are' Former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton on Saturday tweeted... 361 Shares 4 ACLU celebrates: 'I hope Trump... The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is celebrating after a federal... 319 Shares 5 GOP senators sound off on Trump... GOP lawmakers are stepping out against President Trump’s executive order... 248 Shares 6 Immigration ban includes green... President Trump’s executive order banning people from seven Muslim-... 179 Shares 7 Candian PM responds to refugee ban... Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Saturday responded to President... 174 Shares 8 NY taxis refuse to pick up from... The New York Taxi Drivers Alliance on Saturday said it would not make any... 157 Shares 9 ACLU sues White House over... The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) on Saturday sued the Trump... 157 Shares 10 Kal Penn raises thousands for... Actor and former White House adviser to President Obama, Kal Penn, has... 137 Shares 11 Massive crowds gather at JFK in... Massive crowds have gathered at New York's John F. Kennedy International... 136 Shares 12 Berlin mayor to Trump: 'Don’t... Berlin's mayor urged Trump not to "go down this wrong path of isolation... 135 Shares 13 Surprise! Trump doing what he said... In his first frantic week at the White House, Donald Trump is doing almost... 101 Shares 14 WH defends Holocaust statement... Trump spokeswoman says Jewish victims were not mentioned because others... 98 Shares 15 Trump's visa ban also applies to... Those who hold dual nationality in the seven countries banned from... 94 Shares 16 'Calexit' supporters can start... "Calexit" supporters need nearly 600,000 signatures from registered voters... 76 Shares 17 McConnell wants to finish work on...  Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) on Friday said he wants... 73 Shares 18 Twitter CEO blasts Trump's '... Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey on Saturday condemned President Trump's executive... 61 Shares 19 Trump defends order: 'It's not a... President Trump on Saturday denied that his sweeping executive order... 57 Shares 20 Trump registered eight companies... The names of the companies follow a similar pattern of other companies... 50 Shares 21 Poll: Trump voters OK with a... According to a new poll by Public Policy Polling, supporters of President... 49 Shares 22 Dem senator hits colleagues silent... Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) hit fellow lawmakers on Twitter Friday night,... 49 Shares 23 Google rips Trump immigration move... Google on Friday criticized President Trump's executive order on... 48 Shares 24 Iran to ban US citizens after... Iran will ban Americans from entering the country after President Trump... 48 Shares 25 Trump order on refugees creates... The Trump administration on Saturday sought to clarify one of the... 48 Shares 26 Schumer calls for Trump admin to '... Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) is calling on the Trump... 46 Shares 27 Ryan aide: Trump order not a... "This is not a religious test and it is not a ban on people of any... 44 Shares 28 Five takeaways from Trump's first... Donald Trump’s presidency is off to a wild start. 44 Shares 29 Franken: No Dems will vote to... Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) says President Trump’s pick for secretary of... 44 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hallador Energy Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hallador Energy Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 Wells Fargo & Company MN Has $286,000 Position in Hallador Energy Company (HNRG) January 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Wells Fargo & Company MN continued to hold its stake in shares of Hallador Energy Company (NASDAQ:HNRG) during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 36,325 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN owned approximately 0.12% of Hallador Energy Company worth $286,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Acadian Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Hallador Energy Company by 76.9% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 1,132,813 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,929,000 after buying an additional 492,337 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. bought a new stake in shares of Hallador Energy Company during the second quarter valued at about $497,000. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Hallador Energy Company during the second quarter valued at about $373,000. Paloma Partners Management Co bought a new stake in shares of Hallador Energy Company during the second quarter valued at about $232,000. Finally, Confluence Investment Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Hallador Energy Company during the second quarter valued at about $177,000. 49.91% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Hallador Energy Company (NASDAQ:HNRG) traded down 3.26% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $9.19. The stock had a trading volume of 74,879 shares. The stock has a market cap of $268.97 million, a P/E ratio of 16.18 and a beta of -0.19. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $9.08 and a 200-day moving average of $7.27. Hallador Energy Company has a 52-week low of $3.95 and a 52-week high of $10.40. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/15/wells-fargo-company-mn-has-286000-position-in-hallador-energy-company-hnrg.html. A number of analysts have recently weighed in on the company. FBR & Co reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $8.00 price objective (up previously from $7.00) on shares of Hallador Energy Company in a research report on Thursday, October 13th. Zacks Investment Research cut Hallador Energy Company from a “buy” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. In related news, Director David C. Hardie sold 86,747 shares of Hallador Energy Company stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $9.55, for a total value of $828,433.85. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. 55.66% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Hallador Energy Company Company Profile Hallador Energy Company is an oil and gas exploration company focused on developing coal reserves in the Illinois Basin. The Company, through its subsidiary, Sunrise Coal, LLC, is engaged in coal mining in the state of Indiana serving the electric power generation industry. Its projects include Carlisle Mine, Ace in the Hole Mine, Oaktown 1 Mine, Oaktown 2 Mine and Bulldog Mine. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HNRG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Hallador Energy Company (NASDAQ:HNRG). Receive News & Ratings for Hallador Energy Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hallador Energy Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund Chris Dier-Scalise , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 15, 2017 11:44am   Comments Share: Related AMZN Here's What Alibaba's Recent Acquisitions Suggest About The Future Of The Economy Key Takeaways And Positives From PayPal's Q4 Report Facebook, Apple, Amazon, Fed, Jobs Data: Investing Action Plan (Investor's Business Daily) Related GOOGL Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Celestica Rises On Earnings Beat; KEYW Shares Slide Alphabet's Q4 Fails To Excite, But Long-Term View Remains Largely Unchanged Podcast: Tech Earnings For Alphabet, Microsoft And Intel (Seeking Alpha) Feeling disenchanted following the 2008 financial collapse, a large bulk of traders and investors moved their money out of managed funds and brokerages to self-directed investments. As that tide of money receded from money managers, Marc Chaikin, a trader, broker and analyst with over 30 years of market experience, identified an opportunity to help those individual investors effectively manage their money using the same methods as those used by the big brokerage firms. That is when he started Chaikin Analytics. Chaikin visited Benzinga's PreMarket Prep morning show on Wednesday to talk about the genesis of Chaikin Analytics as well as the factors and developments that have made the application a success for everyone from hedge fund managers, like John Paulson and George Soros, to retirees managing their 401(k)s. The Chaikin Power Gauge One of the essential components of Chaikin Analytics' success has been the Chaikin Power Gauge, a 20-factor alpha model that determines a stock's long- and short-side potential over a three- to six-month period. On the show, Chaikin elaborated on some of the quantitative aspects that underlie the gauge's success in forecasting a stock. "We break them down into four components," Chaikin began. "The financial metrics are value metrics that a Warren Buffett would look at, and there the two key metrics are free cash flow and price to sale. Then we look at earnings because earnings are critical, in that component earnings surprise is very important." Chaikin emphasized that, on the eve of earnings season, the pattern of these reports from quarter to quarter can persist, and the gauge allows investors to understand these earnings trends through back-tested and real time data. Chaikin continued explaining the elemental makeup of the Power Gauge and how each metric is equally weighted to provide an eclectic model of a stock's potential performance, saying, "We also look at sentiment type indicators, whether the insiders are buying, what the shorts are doing. Finally, we look at whether the analysts are raising or lowering their estimates and whether they're changing their opinions about a stock. Only about 15 percent of the model is technical, 85 percent fundamental, and we do this for 5,000 U.S. equities and we update it nightly." Technical Supplements In addition to the Chaikin Power Gauge, the program also offers additional tools to help refine the information and guidance offered by the gauge such as technical indicators and a stock screener. "We encourage people to combine [the gauge] with two technical indicators," said Chaikin. "Chaikin Money Flow measures institutional buying and selling and relative strength is a reality check. Because no matter how good your model is, your fundamental research, if the market doesn't agree with you, at best it's dead money at worst it's a disaster in the making." When discussing his program's stock screener, Chaikin pointed out that, while it functions similarly to other options in winnowing stocks down by style, market cap and technical indicators, his allows users to screen on quantitative factors that are part of a proven investment model. Discovering The Right Stock One of Chaikin Analytics newest additions was added just three weeks prior to Chaikin's appearance on PreMarket Prep. The Stock Discovery Engine offers tailored stock picks based on the qualities of other securities. "The Discovery Engine uses the kind of technology an logic Spotify uses to find music that you like and Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX) uses to find film. You basically seed it with a stock and then it finds similar stocks." Chaikin provided examples on the versatility of the engine in providing traders a variety of picks to diversify their portfolio or shift their capital away from a falling stock or sector. "If you type JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) into our stock discovery engine, you're going to get five stocks, typically large-cap banking stocks with similar credentials and similar characteristics to JPMorgan. On the other hand, if you type in a bearish stock like The Coca-Cola Co (NYSE: KO), you're going to find other bearish stocks, typically in the beverage sector, but then you'll also find swaps — stocks that you can use to get out of Coca-Cola if you're unfortunate enough to be in it." According to Chaikin, the response to the Discovery Engine has been phenomenal, and he emphasized that the tool is offering the same type of curation that Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) provide to their customers. Parting advice Before leaving, Chaikin gave some thoughtful advice to Benzinga's audience. He stressed that, when managing their own portfolios, traders need a specific strategy to help determine the potential value of a stock and maximize the efficacy of their trades, and he feels Chaikin Analytics and its various products can provide that. "That's the most powerful message I can leave with your listeners," Chaikin stated. "You need a disciplined methodology to cut through the clutter and focus on a core group of stocks for your long and short trading, where you have confidence based on some disciplined methodology that you have a directional edge." Listen to the full discussion with Chaikin at the 35-minute mark in the clip below to hear how Sandy Chaikin rebounded from the 2008 crash using the Chaikin Analytics model. PreMarket Prep is a daily trading ideas show that focuses on technical analysis and actionable short term trades. You can listen to the show live every morning from 8–9 ET here, or catch the podcast here.   Image Credit: By The original uploader was Jeremy112233 at Wikipedia [CC0], via Wikimedia Commons Posted-In: Chaikin AnalyticsEducation Entrepreneurship Success Stories Markets Tech Media Interview Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AMZN + GOOG) Alphabet's Q4 Fails To Excite, But Long-Term View Remains Largely Unchanged Here's What Alibaba's Recent Acquisitions Suggest About The Future Of The Economy Key Takeaways And Positives From PayPal's Q4 Report JJ Kinahan Walks Us Through The Most Traded Stocks Among TDA Clients In 2016: Apple, Bank of America & More PayPal's Q4: An Analyst's Likes And Dislikes Google CEO: The Very Concept Of The Device To Fade Away, We'll Move To An A.I.-First World View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AMZN Trending Recent 1 PULM, WKHS: 25 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 2 SPY, FMCC: Pershing Square: A Reformed Fannie And Freddie Will Be Worth... 3 FRED, WBA: To The Rescue: Cerberus Capital Riding In To Save Ri... 4 NTRPD: Neurotrope: A Company You Never Heard Of Might... 5 DIA, SPY: Homeland Investment Act: The Last Time... 6 ESRX, VRX: Citron's Left: Express Sc... 7 CL, CVX: 10 Stocks You Should Be... 1 AAPL: Why Did Apple Patent A Vaporizer? 2 LVS: Las Vegas Sands Investors: Don't Bet Against The House 3 VXX: The Fear Index Is Trading At A Multi-Year Low And This Is Great For In... 4 COH: Mark Sebastian's Coach Trade 5 FUN, ABBV: Jim Cramer Shares His View On Mattel And AbbVie 6 DDD, TWLO: Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From January 27 7 NTRPD: Neurotrope: A Company You Never Heard Of Mig... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Does The Stock Market Respond To Presidential Inaugurations? How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017
Skip to content Home Business Science Health Technology About – Staff Privacy Policy Contact The Weingarten Realty Investors (WRI) Position Maintained by RMR Advisors LLC January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson RMR Advisors LLC continued to hold its position in shares of Weingarten Realty Investors (NYSE:WRI) during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 76,500 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Weingarten Realty Investors comprises 1.4% of RMR Advisors LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 24th largest position. RMR Advisors LLC’s holdings in Weingarten Realty Investors were worth $2,982,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other… BusinessLeave a comment The Buckhead Capital Management LLC Sells 53,685 Shares of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp. (ACRE) January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson Buckhead Capital Management LLC cut its position in shares of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp. (NYSE:ACRE) by 18.7% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 233,710 shares of the company’s stock after selling 53,685 shares during the period. Buckhead Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp. were worth $2,945,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Boston Partners increased its position in shares of Ares Commercial Real Estate… BusinessLeave a comment The Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for EPR Properties (EPR) January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson A number of research firms have changed their ratings and price targets for EPR Properties (NYSE: EPR): EPR Properties (NYSE:EPR) traded down 1.30% on Thursday, hitting $73.14. The stock had a trading volume of 142,333 shares. The company has a market cap of $4.65 billion, a PE ratio of 23.45 and a beta of 0.68. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $71.40 and a 200-day moving average of $75.46. EPR Properties has a one year low of $54.54 and a one year high of $84.67. EPR Properties (NYSE:EPR)… BusinessLeave a comment The Hendershot Investments Inc. Acquires Shares of 58,900 The Cheesecake Factory Inc. (CAKE) January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson Hendershot Investments Inc. bought a new stake in The Cheesecake Factory Inc. (NASDAQ:CAKE) during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund bought 58,900 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,949,000. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Rice Hall James & Associates LLC boosted its position in shares of The Cheesecake Factory by 1.4% in the second quarter. Rice Hall James & Associates LLC now owns 269,589 shares of the company’s… BusinessLeave a comment The Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give CSX Corp. (CSX) a $42.00 Price Target January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson CSX Corp. (NASDAQ:CSX) has been given a $42.00 price target by investment analysts at Deutsche Bank AG in a report issued on Thursday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG’s target price would indicate a potential upside of 13.88% from the stock’s current price. A number of other equities analysts have also recently weighed in on the company. Citigroup Inc. reissued a “buy” rating and set a $34.00 price objective on shares of CSX Corp. in a report on Friday, October 14th. Aegis assumed… BusinessLeave a comment The Maxim Group Analysts Give Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO) a $14.00 Price Target January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) received a $14.00 target price from stock analysts at Maxim Group in a report released on Wednesday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. Maxim Group’s target price indicates a potential upside of 174.51% from the company’s current price. A number of other equities research analysts have also commented on the company. Jefferies Group assumed coverage on Abeona Therapeutics in a research report on Friday, January 6th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $11.00 target price on the stock. Cantor… BusinessLeave a comment The Tahoe Resources Inc (TAHO) Position Boosted by Rhumbline Advisers January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson Rhumbline Advisers raised its stake in shares of Tahoe Resources Inc (NASDAQ:TAHO) (TSE:THO) by 12.3% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 232,008 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 25,459 shares during the period. Rhumbline Advisers’ holdings in Tahoe Resources were worth $2,977,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Sei Investments Co. increased its position in shares of… BusinessLeave a comment The FibroGen Inc. (FGEN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by RBC Capital Markets January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson FibroGen Inc. (NASDAQ:FGEN)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by analysts at RBC Capital Markets in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. A number of other research firms have also weighed in on FGEN. Stifel Nicolaus reiterated a “positive” rating and issued a $33.00 target price on shares of FibroGen in a research note on Wednesday. Zacks Investment Research upgraded FibroGen from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $25.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Friday, November 11th…. BusinessLeave a comment The Leerink Swann Reiterates $360.00 Price Target for Biogen Inc. (BIIB) January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson Biogen Inc. (NASDAQ:BIIB) has been assigned a $360.00 price objective by research analysts at Leerink Swann in a report issued on Wednesday. The firm presently has a “buy” rating on the biotechnology company’s stock. Leerink Swann’s target price would indicate a potential upside of 26.93% from the stock’s current price. A number of other research firms have also commented on BIIB. Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $312.00 price objective on shares of Biogen in a research report on Friday, December 30th. Vetr upgraded shares… BusinessLeave a comment The Leerink Swann Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (JAZZ) January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (NASDAQ:JAZZ)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by investment analysts at Leerink Swann in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. Several other equities analysts also recently issued reports on JAZZ. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $187.00 price objective (down from $195.00) on shares of Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC in a research report on Tuesday, September 27th. BMO Capital Markets reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $195.00 price objective on shares of Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC in a research report on Friday,… BusinessLeave a comment The Maxim Group Analysts Give CHECK CAP LTD (CHEK) a $6.00 Price Target January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson CHECK CAP LTD (NASDAQ:CHEK) has been assigned a $6.00 price target by equities researchers at Maxim Group in a research note issued on Wednesday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Maxim Group’s price target suggests a potential upside of 156.03% from the company’s previous close. Separately, Rodman & Renshaw assumed coverage on shares of CHECK CAP LTD in a research report on Thursday. They set a “buy” rating and a $6.00 target price on the stock. Shares of CHECK CAP LTD (NASDAQ:CHEK) traded up 4.1135% during… BusinessLeave a comment The CoLucid Pharmaceuticals Inc. (CLCD) PT Set at $52.00 by BTIG Research January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson CoLucid Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:CLCD) received a $52.00 target price from analysts at BTIG Research in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. The firm presently has a “buy” rating on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. BTIG Research’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 12.43% from the stock’s previous close. CLCD has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Piper Jaffray Cos. lowered CoLucid Pharmaceuticals from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their price target for the stock from $49.00 to $46.50 in a… BusinessLeave a comment The Hill-Rom Holdings Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.75 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HRC) January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson Hill-Rom Holdings Inc. (NYSE:HRC) – Research analysts at KeyCorp decreased their Q1 2017 earnings estimates for Hill-Rom Holdings in a research report issued on Tuesday. KeyCorp analyst M. Mishan now forecasts that the firm will post earnings of $0.75 per share for the quarter, down from their prior forecast of $0.76. KeyCorp also issued estimates for Hill-Rom Holdings’ Q2 2017 earnings at $0.83 EPS. Separately, Zacks Investment Research cut Hill-Rom Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, October 5th. Hill-Rom Holdings (NYSE:HRC) traded… BusinessLeave a comment The Citrix Systems Inc. (CTXS) Stake Raised by Hartford Investment Management Co. January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson Hartford Investment Management Co. boosted its position in Citrix Systems Inc. (NASDAQ:CTXS) by 0.6% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 38,705 shares of the cloud computing company’s stock after buying an additional 230 shares during the period. Hartford Investment Management Co.’s holdings in Citrix Systems were worth $3,298,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of CTXS. Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc. increased its… BusinessLeave a comment The CSX Corp. (CSX) Earns Buy Rating from Loop Capital January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson CSX Corp. (NASDAQ:CSX)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by stock analysts at Loop Capital in a research note issued on Thursday. They currently have a $210.00 price objective on the stock, down from their prior price objective of $221.00. Loop Capital’s price objective points to a potential upside of 469.41% from the company’s current price. Other equities analysts have also issued reports about the company. BMO Capital Markets lowered CSX Corp. from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from… BusinessLeave a comment The ProShare Advisors LLC Has $3,108,000 Stake in Healthcare Services Group Inc. (HCSG) January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson ProShare Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Healthcare Services Group Inc. (NASDAQ:HCSG) by 32.7% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 78,516 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 19,336 shares during the period. ProShare Advisors LLC’s holdings in Healthcare Services Group were worth $3,108,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Profund Advisors LLC raised its position in Healthcare… BusinessLeave a comment The Hartford Investment Management Co. Reduces Stake in Franklin Resources Inc. (BEN) January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson Hartford Investment Management Co. reduced its position in shares of Franklin Resources Inc. (NYSE:BEN) by 1.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 87,408 shares of the closed-end fund’s stock after selling 1,221 shares during the period. Hartford Investment Management Co.’s holdings in Franklin Resources were worth $3,109,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Brighton Jones LLC increased its stake in shares of Franklin Resources by 0.3%… BusinessLeave a comment The Delphi Energy Corp. (DEE) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson Shares of Delphi Energy Corp. (TSE:DEE) have been assigned an average rating of “Hold” from the six research firms that are covering the firm. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, three have assigned a hold recommendation and one has assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average twelve-month price objective among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is C$1.65. Several analysts have recently weighed in on DEE shares. Raymond James Financial Inc. upped their price objective on… BusinessLeave a comment The KeyCorp (KEY) Shares Bought by Hartford Investment Management Co. January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson Hartford Investment Management Co. raised its position in KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY) by 31.0% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 267,362 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 63,293 shares during the period. Hartford Investment Management Co.’s holdings in KeyCorp were worth $3,254,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of KEY. Zweig DiMenna Associates LLC acquired a new position in KeyCorp… BusinessLeave a comment The PrairieSky Royalty Ltd (PSK) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts January 29, 2017 Mark Robinson PrairieSky Royalty Ltd (TSE:PSK) has been assigned a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the fourteen ratings firms that are currently covering the stock. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and three have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1 year target price among analysts that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is C$31.90. Several equities research analysts recently issued reports on the company. TD Securities reissued a “hold” rating and issued a C$33.00 price objective on shares… BusinessLeave a comment Posts navigation Older posts Latest The Weingarten Realty Investors (WRI) Position Maintained by RMR Advisors LLC The Buckhead Capital Management LLC Sells 53,685 Shares of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp. (ACRE) The Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for EPR Properties (EPR) The Hendershot Investments Inc. Acquires Shares of 58,900 The Cheesecake Factory Inc. (CAKE) The Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give CSX Corp. (CSX) a $42.00 Price Target The Maxim Group Analysts Give Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO) a $14.00 Price Target The Tahoe Resources Inc (TAHO) Position Boosted by Rhumbline Advisers The FibroGen Inc. (FGEN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by RBC Capital Markets The Leerink Swann Reiterates $360.00 Price Target for Biogen Inc. (BIIB) The Leerink Swann Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (JAZZ) The Maxim Group Analysts Give CHECK CAP LTD (CHEK) a $6.00 Price Target The CoLucid Pharmaceuticals Inc. (CLCD) PT Set at $52.00 by BTIG Research The Hill-Rom Holdings Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.75 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HRC) The Citrix Systems Inc. (CTXS) Stake Raised by Hartford Investment Management Co. The CSX Corp. (CSX) Earns Buy Rating from Loop Capital The ProShare Advisors LLC Has $3,108,000 Stake in Healthcare Services Group Inc. (HCSG) The Hartford Investment Management Co. Reduces Stake in Franklin Resources Inc. (BEN) The Delphi Energy Corp. (DEE) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts The KeyCorp (KEY) Shares Bought by Hartford Investment Management Co. The PrairieSky Royalty Ltd (PSK) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts © DailyQuint.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Flex Pharma Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Flex Pharma Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 Flex Pharma, Inc. (FLKS) to Post FY2016 Earnings of ($2.60) Per Share, Cantor Fitzgerald Forecasts January 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Flex Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:FLKS) – Research analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald issued their FY2016 EPS estimates for Flex Pharma in a report issued on Tuesday. Cantor Fitzgerald analyst M. Goldstein forecasts that the brokerage will post earnings of ($2.60) per share for the year. Cantor Fitzgerald has a “Hold” rating and a $10.00 price target on the stock. Cantor Fitzgerald also issued estimates for Flex Pharma’s FY2017 earnings at ($2.29) EPS. Flex Pharma (NASDAQ:FLKS) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, November 2nd. The biotechnology company reported ($0.65) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.72) by $0.07. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Flex Pharma, Inc. (FLKS) to Post FY2016 Earnings of ($2.60) Per Share, Cantor Fitzgerald Forecasts” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/14/flex-pharma-inc-flks-to-post-fy2016-earnings-of-2-60-per-share-cantor-fitzgerald-forecasts.html. A number of other research analysts also recently weighed in on FLKS. HC Wainwright reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $40.00 price objective on shares of Flex Pharma in a research note on Saturday, October 15th. Zacks Investment Research raised Flex Pharma from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 18th. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $15.00 price objective on Flex Pharma and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 2nd. Finally, JMP Securities reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Flex Pharma in a report on Thursday, November 3rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $20.17. Shares of Flex Pharma (NASDAQ:FLKS) opened at 4.98 on Friday. The firm’s market capitalization is $82.32 million. Flex Pharma has a 12 month low of $4.55 and a 12 month high of $13.97. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $5.98 and a 200 day moving average price of $9.09. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. California State Teachers Retirement System increased its position in Flex Pharma by 0.9% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 22,525 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $265,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in Flex Pharma by 6.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 532,931 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $6,278,000 after buying an additional 30,689 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Flex Pharma by 2.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 54,632 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $644,000 after buying an additional 1,100 shares during the period. CAM Group Holding A S increased its position in Flex Pharma by 50.0% in the third quarter. CAM Group Holding A S now owns 225,000 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $2,650,000 after buying an additional 75,000 shares during the period. Finally, Highbridge Capital Management LLC bought a new position in Flex Pharma during the second quarter valued at approximately $116,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 33.43% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Flex Pharma, Inc. (FLKS) to Post FY2016 Earnings of ($2.60) Per Share, Cantor Fitzgerald Forecasts” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/14/flex-pharma-inc-flks-to-post-fy2016-earnings-of-2-60-per-share-cantor-fitzgerald-forecasts.html. In related news, insider Christoph H. Westphal bought 8,870 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 7th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $5.70 per share, for a total transaction of $50,559.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 3,934,118 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $22,424,472.60. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Christoph H. Westphal bought 7,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 8th. The shares were bought at an average price of $7.31 per share, with a total value of $51,170.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 3,941,118 shares in the company, valued at $28,809,572.58. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders own 43.35% of the company’s stock. Flex Pharma Company Profile Flex Pharma, Inc is a biotechnology company. The Company develops treatments for nocturnal leg cramps, muscle cramps and spasms associated with severe neuromuscular conditions, and exercise associated muscle cramps (EAMCs). The Company’s product candidates activate certain receptors in primary sensory neurons, which then act through neuronal circuits to reduce the repetitive firing, or hyperexcitability, of alpha-motor neurons in the spinal cord, thereby preventing or reducing the frequency and intensity of muscle cramps and spasms. Receive News & Ratings for Flex Pharma Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Flex Pharma Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Kemet Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kemet Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 Zacks: Kemet Corporation (KEM) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts January 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet Kemet Corporation (NYSE:KEM) has been given a consensus broker rating score of 2.00 (Buy) from the two analysts that provide coverage for the company, Zacks Investment Research reports. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold recommendation and one has given a strong buy recommendation to the company. Brokerages have set a 12-month consensus price target of $5.13 for the company and are forecasting that the company will post $0.06 EPS for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Zacks has also given Kemet Corporation an industry rank of 165 out of 265 based on the ratings given to related companies. Several research analysts recently commented on KEM shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Kemet Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $4.25 price target on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, November 2nd. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $4.75 price target on shares of Kemet Corporation in a research note on Tuesday, November 1st. Kemet Corporation (NYSE:KEM) opened at 7.12 on Thursday. Kemet Corporation has a 1-year low of $1.26 and a 1-year high of $7.19. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $6.34 and its 200 day moving average is $4.20. The company’s market cap is $329.53 million. Kemet Corporation (NYSE:KEM) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, November 1st. The company reported $0.13 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.06 by $0.07. Kemet Corporation had a positive return on equity of 9.97% and a negative net margin of 5.59%. The business had revenue of $187.30 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $187.99 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.09 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up .6% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Kemet Corporation will post $0.39 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/14/zacks-kemet-corporation-kem-given-average-rating-of-buy-by-analysts.html. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in KEM. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Kemet Corporation by 13.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 30,284 shares of the company’s stock valued at $108,000 after buying an additional 3,684 shares during the last quarter. Cornerstone Capital Management Holdings LLC. boosted its stake in shares of Kemet Corporation by 272.6% in the third quarter. Cornerstone Capital Management Holdings LLC. now owns 43,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $155,000 after buying an additional 31,900 shares during the last quarter. TFS Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of Kemet Corporation by 36.4% in the second quarter. TFS Capital LLC now owns 55,064 shares of the company’s stock valued at $161,000 after buying an additional 14,695 shares during the last quarter. Capital Management Corp VA purchased a new stake in shares of Kemet Corporation during the third quarter valued at about $205,000. Finally, Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL purchased a new stake in shares of Kemet Corporation during the second quarter valued at about $178,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 53.45% of the company’s stock. Kemet Corporation Company Profile KEMET Corporation (KEMET) is a manufacturer of passive electronic components. The Company operates in two segments: Solid Capacitors, and Film and Electrolytic. The Solid Capacitors segment primarily produces tantalum, aluminum, polymer and ceramic capacitors. Solid Capacitors also produces tantalum powder used in the production of tantalum capacitors. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Kemet Corporation (KEM) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Kemet Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kemet Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Men Don’t Need Viagra If you Do This Once Daily - Reverses ED For Good Home | Companies Tags: bofa | jpmorgan | interest rates | profits BofA, JPMorgan See Higher Interest Rates Goosing Profits in 2017 (Dollar Photo Club) Saturday, 14 Jan 2017 07:53 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Investors betting U.S. banks will reap huge profits as interest rates rise under Donald Trump were surprised Friday by just how optimistic the nation’s biggest lenders are about the year ahead. Bank of America Corp. boosted its forecast for interest income, the money it gets from making loans and holding debt securities, predicting it’ll jump by about $600 million in the first quarter. Brian Kleinhanzl, an analyst at Keefe, Bruyette and Woods, told clients that’s more than he expected and will help the shares outperform. JPMorgan Chase & Co. also sounded a note of confidence, and financial stocks rose more than other sectors. Banks have spent years waiting to earn more from lending as the Federal Reserve and other central banks held benchmarks close to zero to spur growth after the global financial crisis. While the Fed’s December rate hike came too late in the fourth quarter to upend the period’s results announced on Friday, investors and analysts are bullish on what lies ahead. “Today was what it was expected to be, which is strength in trading and moderate loan growth, still benign credit environment, but not a lot of evidence of the rates showing through yet,” said Shannon Stemm, an analyst at Edward Jones & Co. “The market is, correctly, still focused on what the improved environment means for 2017 results.” Stocks Climb The KBW Bank Index of 24 major U.S. lenders rose as much as 2.1 percent and was up 0.6 percent as of 12:37 p.m. in New York trading. That extended its gain since Trump’s victory in the presidential election to 24 percent. Wells Fargo & Co. climbed 0.7 percent, and Bank of America and JPMorgan rose 0.2 percent. Financial stocks were the day’s best performers among 11 major industries in the S&P 500 Index. Wells Fargo’s net interest income increased 7 percent to $12.4 billion in the quarter from a year earlier, while JPMorgan’s rose 5 percent to $12.1 billion. Still, both of those results matched analysts’ estimates, and Bank of America’s $10.3 billion fell short. Analysts including Stemm predict BofA will be among the biggest beneficiaries of higher rates. “While the recent rise in interest rates came too late to impact fourth-quarter results, we expect to see a significant increase in net interest income in the first quarter of 2017,” Bank of America Chief Financial Officer Paul Donofrio said in a statement. Better Borrowers JPMorgan said it’s well positioned to benefit from the most recent rate increase and that net interest income will be up “modestly” in the first quarter compared with the fourth. The median estimate of economists surveyed by Bloomberg calls for two more Fed rate hikes this year, and another two by mid-2018. The central bank raised the rate to a range of 50 to 75 basis points in December. Better-than-expected credit costs helped banks burnish fourth-quarter earnings. All three firms set aside less money than analysts expected to cover bad loans as consumers managed their finances and as oil prices stabilized, potentially helping borrowers in that industry keep up with debts. The three banks’ provisions totaled $2.44 billion, or about $800 million less than analysts had estimated. JPMorgan led the trio with $864 million in loan-loss provisions, $509 million better than analysts surveyed by Bloomberg. “Loan losses have been at trough levels and they can’t stay here forever,” Stemm said. “We and other analysts were baking in a slow move toward normalization and you really didn’t see any of that happen, and in fact it got better.” Citigroup Inc., Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Morgan Stanley are set to report quarterly earnings next week. Avoiding Losses A year ago, investors worried slumping oil prices would create billions of dollars in losses for the largest banks. But crude prices have roughly doubled since a February low. JPMorgan said that in the fourth quarter the firm was able to draw back funds it had once set aside for potential losses in its oil and gas portfolio. The financial industry seems to have avoided the worst of it, Stemm said. “The concerns were elevated almost exactly a year ago from today, and it appears that a lot of those concerns probably won’t come to fruition,” she said. “Some of that money they are flowing back into earnings and that’s just indicative of the change in energy markets.”   © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Companies Investors betting U.S. banks will reap huge profits as interest rates rise under Donald Trump were surprised Friday by just how optimistic the nation's biggest lenders are about the year ahead.Bank of America Corp. boosted its forecast for interest income, the money it gets... bofa, jpmorgan, interest rates, profits 723 Saturday, 14 Jan 2017 07:53 PM 2017-53-14 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump to Company Executives: We Think we Can Cut Regulations by 75 Pct Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 107 comments This is what leadership looks like... Lawsuit: Trump Businesses Violate Constitution Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 89 comments Waste time and money. Nonsense. This is what RATs will do... Robert Reich: Here's Why I Don't Think So-Called 'Trump Rally' Will Continue Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 44 comments Since bull markets do not continue forever, Reich will eventually... Supermarket Shares Dip After Trump Threatens Mexico Trade Friday, 27 Jan 2017 | 32 comments Good news for California's agricultural industry, bad news for Mexico. Buy... Dow Tops 20,000 as Trump Rally Pushes Higher Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 31 comments Be prepared for O'dumbo and his acolytes to claim this all happened...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Men Don’t Need Viagra If you Do This Once Daily - Reverses ED For Good Home | Street Talk Tags: banks | earnings | profit | wall street US Banks to Stay in Fashion as Earnings Kick off Saturday, 14 Jan 2017 06:48 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    U.S. bank stocks will stay in favor with investors as long as earnings reports in the coming week show an improving profit outlook while investors wait to see if U.S. President-elect Donald Trump lives up to his campaign promises. Wells Fargo & Co., JPMorgan Chase & Co and Bank of America kicked off the earnings season on a positive note on Friday, sending the S&P 500's banking sub-sector up as much as 2.3 percent to its highest since February 2008 before paring gains. It closed trading up 0.8 percent compared with a 0.2 percent gain for the broader S&P 500. The banks' top executives expressed optimism on Friday about 2017 in their first public comments about earnings since Trump won the presidential election on Nov. 8. The bank index rose 24.8 percent between Nov. 8 and Dec. 9 then traded sideways for a month as bond yields fell. Investors were waiting for earnings and for concrete plans from Trump who has said he supports lower taxes, fiscal stimulus and lighter regulation, which would all help banks. Results and guidance from the big banks scheduled to report in the week ahead could boost the sector, according to John Praveen, chief investment strategist at Prudential International Investments Advisers LLC in Newark, New Jersey. "Results are likely to be good and the outlook is going to be positive so there's room for further gains," said Praveen. The S&P banks index has traded recently at 13.6 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months compared with its five-year average multiple of about 11 but in line with the 10-year average of 13.1, including the 2008 financial crisis, according to Thomson Reuters data. The banks' multiple is well below the broader S&P 500's forward price/earnings ratio of 17. But the banks' discount to the broader market has been shrinking since before the election. Praveen sees a bigger multiple expansion for the banking sector than for the S&P as a whole as more defensive sectors like utilities or consumer staples that are sensitive to interest rate hikes will likely not enjoy as much expansion. Among banks reporting in the coming week Morgan Stanley is expected to post results Tuesday followed by Citibank on Wednesday. BB&T Corp, KeyCorp and Bank of New York Mellon Corp all report on Thursday. Fred Cannon, director of research at KBW in New York, said banks' expanded valuations make them a "show-me" story but as long as earnings estimates are rising they should stay popular. "Until we see the blue skies get cloudy it will probably still be a sector in favor," he said. Some investors are more cautious going into earnings. For instance traders in Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund options have moved to protect post-election gains. Open contracts on the fund's shares are now the most defensive in about four weeks, according to options analytics firm Trade Alert. "The banks' stocks are likely to chop along in sideways volatility through earnings season," said Jeff Morris, head of U.S. equities for Standard Life Investments in Boston, who doesn't see earnings as a big catalyst at a time when there is still uncertainty about whether Trump will be able to enact policies expected to help banks and accelerate economic growth. While his firm has increased the weighting of bank stocks in its $360 billion assets under management since the election it is "not in the strong bull camp for bank stocks," Morris said. He warned that bank stocks could come under pressure if there is no clear path toward regulatory relief or an acceleration of economic growth coming into the third quarter. © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk U.S. bank stocks will stay in favor with investors as long as earnings reports in the coming week show an improving profit outlook while investors wait to see if U.S. President-elect Donald Trump lives up to his campaign promises. banks, earnings, profit, wall street 600 Saturday, 14 Jan 2017 06:48 PM 2017-48-14 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump to Company Executives: We Think we Can Cut Regulations by 75 Pct Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 107 comments This is what leadership looks like... Lawsuit: Trump Businesses Violate Constitution Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 89 comments Waste time and money. Nonsense. This is what RATs will do... Robert Reich: Here's Why I Don't Think So-Called 'Trump Rally' Will Continue Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 44 comments Since bull markets do not continue forever, Reich will eventually... Supermarket Shares Dip After Trump Threatens Mexico Trade Friday, 27 Jan 2017 | 32 comments Good news for California's agricultural industry, bad news for Mexico. Buy... Dow Tops 20,000 as Trump Rally Pushes Higher Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 31 comments Be prepared for O'dumbo and his acolytes to claim this all happened...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Financial Report / January 17 Morning Report: GovCon Index Posts Gain on Defense Prime Stock Boost January 17 Morning Report: GovCon Index Posts Gain on Defense Prime Stock Boost Anna Forrester January 17, 2017 Financial Report, News 3 Views Executive Mosaic’s GovCon Index closed Friday with a 0.464-percent climb to 88.863 as gainers outnumbered laggards at a 2-to-1 ratio with strong performances by defense prime stocks. L3 Technologies (NYSE: LLL) was GCI’s top net performer while Vectrus (NYSE: VEC) led the listed stocks in percentage gained. The Index’s rebound comes amid investor optimism on quarterly profits by Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo above analyst expectations, a 0.6-percent retail sales increase in December and the Labor Department‘s report of a 1.6-percent gain in the 2016 producer price index. Market Summary Index Value Net Change % Change GovCon Index 88.863 +0.410 +0.464% S&P 500 2,274.64 +4.20 +0.18% Dow Jones Industrial Average 19,885.73 -5.27 -0.03% NASDAQ 5,574.12 +26.63 +0.48% Advancing GovCon Index Issues 18 Declining GovCon Index Issues 12 Unchanged GovCon Index Issues 0 Top GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▴ % Change LLL L3 Technologies* 148.89 +3.18 +2.18% MCK McKesson Corp.* 147.18 +2.50 +1.73% LMT Lockheed Martin* 254.53 +1.91 +0.76% GD General Dynamics* 177.89 +1.37 +0.78% NOC Northrop Grumman* 230.17 +1.02 +0.45% Top GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▴ VEC Vectrus 24.65 +0.68 +2.84% LLL L3 Technologies* 148.89 +3.18 +2.18% MCK McKesson Corp.* 147.18 +2.50 +1.73% MMS Maximus 58.50 +0.88 +1.53% ACM AECOM 35.96 +0.44 +1.24% Lowest GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▾ % Change BAESY BAE Systems 29.72 -0.47 -1.56% COL Rockwell Collins 89.93 -0.47 -0.52% TXT Textron* 49.49 -0.28 -0.56% ICFI ICF 54.10 -0.25 -0.46% SAIC SAIC 84.81 -0.24 -0.28% Lowest GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▾ BAESY BAE Systems 29.72 -0.47 -1.56% TXT Textron* 49.49 -0.28 -0.56% COL Rockwell Collins 89.93 -0.47 -0.52% ICFI ICF 54.10 -0.25 -0.46% KBR KBR 16.84 -0.07 -0.41% Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags Bank of America Defense featured financial report govcon GovCon Index JPMorgan Chase L3 Technologies labor department Producer Price Index retail Vectrus wells fargo Related Articles January 13 Market Close: GovCon Index Rebounds, Holds at Weekly Loss as Lockheed Halts 4-Day Slide January 13, 2017 Weekly Roundup January 9 – January 13 2017: More Clues to Defense’s 2017 Market Picture & more January 13, 2017 Lockheed CEO: New Deal to Cut Costs on Next F-35 Line ‘Close’ January 13, 2017 Check Also Saab to Move US Defense Business HQ from Virginia to NY Saab will relocate the headquarters of its North American defense and security business from Ashburn, … Bluewater Defense Gets $119M Military Uniform Supply Contract Modification The Defense Logistics Agency has awarded Bluewater Defense a potential $118.7 million modification to exercise a one-year … Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags January 17 Morning Report: GovCon Index Posts Gain on Defense Prime Stock Boost January 17, 2017 January 13 Market Close: GovCon Index Rebounds, Holds at Weekly Loss as Lockheed Halts 4-Day Slide January 13, 2017 Weekly Roundup January 9 – January 13 2017: More Clues to Defense’s 2017 Market Picture & more January 13, 2017 Lockheed CEO: New Deal to Cut Costs on Next F-35 Line ‘Close’ January 13, 2017 CenturyLink Adds SDN, NFV Services to DoD Fiber-Optic Network Project; Erich Sanchack Comments January 13, 2017 Defense Logistics Agency Picks 142 Companies for Potential $6B IT Services IDIQ December 23, 2016 695 12 Small Businesses Get $800M in Air Force NETCENTS-2 IDIQ Contract Modifications December 21, 2016 616 ManTech Purchases Health IT Services Firm Edaptive Systems December 19, 2016 488 Navy Awards 4 Spots on Naval Research Lab Engineering, Technical Services IDIQ December 19, 2016 451 Engility Sells USAID Business to Research Triangle Institute January 9, 2017 423 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... govcon featured Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Lockheed Martin Contract Awards business news Defense Department Financial News government contracting Northrop Grumman Raytheon Executive moves Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index DOD U.S. Air Force U.S. Navy press release BAE Systems Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz CAE Secures Army, Canadian AF Training Services Contracts Worth $760M; Gene Colabatistto Comments ACT I Appoints Miklos Kiss as Int’l Programs Director; Michael Niggel Comments Dell Technologies Names Rohit Ghai President of RSA ManTech Secures $87M Navy Weapons, Combat Systems T&E Support Task Order; Dan Keefe Comments Comprehensive Health Services Names Ryan Elliot as Federal Domestic Programs VP; Doug Magee Comments CenturyLink Appoints Former Lockheed, Raytheon Exec Marcy Palus as Federal Contracts Mgmt VP @Follow Me #GovConIndex higher as large primes $LLL, $LMT & others rebound on new F-35 developments. #GovCon https://t.co/JdAhHRkBAD2017/01/13 Our publisher @jimgarrettson's take on defense market's 2017 picture in his Weekly Roundup. #GovCon https://t.co/8QNTaAk4J72017/01/13 RT @GovMattersTV: .@CommonCenser, business editor at @insidedefense, discusses the White House's focus on the defense industrial base. http…2017/01/13 Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Judge blocks Trump order to deport Muslim migrants Trump bans refugees and migrants from Muslim countries Greece faces ‘explosive’ surge in public debt, IMF warns Trump hands May promise of ‘stronger’ special relationship The huge disparities in US life expectancy in five charts US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Judge blocks Trump order to deport Muslim migrants Trump bans refugees and migrants from Muslim countries The huge disparities in US life expectancy in five charts François Hollande calls on Europe to stand up to Donald Trump Trump and Putin push for better US-Russia ties Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Judge blocks Trump order to deport Muslim migrants Corporate America employs new tactics to avoid Trump ire Trump’s ban on Muslim immigrants draws widespread criticism Zuckerberg challenges Trump over ‘extreme vetting’ executive order World’s largest bicycle maker rides into Manchester Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Trump’s whirlwind week in the White House What Lehman Brothers staff did next How to gamble on a Trump stand-off UK shrugs off Brexit fears to be fastest growing G7 economy in 2016 Trump’s whirlwind week in the White House Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Trump’s whirlwind week in the White House Theresa May survives her first encounter with Donald Trump What the world hears from Donald Trump Donald Trump’s first-week scorecard: character over content Suspending refugee programme is an un-American act    Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Blockchain believers hold fast to a utopian vision Why is work making us miserable? MBA project at Cern develops device to bring electricity to refugees FT 2016 European Business School Ranking: UK top but rivals close in Virtual reality takes you into the movies Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Daniel Hannan, the brains behind Brexit: what’s next for Britain? Why are schools in China looking west for lessons in creativity? The Ethiopian woman helping to bring Chinese to her homeland Murdoch & Sons: Lachlan, James and Rupert’s $62bn empire Menorca: why the tech crowd are heading to the Balearic island Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Traders expect more big pound swings Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Support Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Open in app Open in app
U.S. stock futures slip as investors brace for earnings, Trump inauguration U.S. stock futures eased Monday as investors shied away from global equities in favor of perceived safe-haven assets such as gold and the Japanese yen and fresh concerns over Brexit hit the pound. In holiday-thinned trading, there was also increasing nervousness ahead of Friday’s inauguration speech from President-elect Donald Trump. Dow Jones Industrial Average futures  fell 45 points, or 0.2%, to 19,787, while S&P 500 futures  slipped 5.25 points, or 0.2%, to 2,267.25. Nasdaq-100  futures dropped 5.5 points to 5,053.50. Regular trading for U.S. financial markets is closed on Monday in observance of the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday. On Friday, U.S. stocks finished a lackluster week largely in the red, the Dow industrials  finishing 0.4% lower and the S&P 500  easing 0.1%. The Nasdaq Composite Index  rose 1% for the week, after finishing at 5,574.12 for its sixth all-time closing high in seven sessions. European stocks  were lower across the board on Monday, though the FTSE 100  was holding up slightly better as a sharp slide in the British pound supported exporters. Brexit worries resurface: Sterling fell more than 1% against the dollar and hit a low of $1.1987 on Sunday as investors fretted about the prospect of a “hard Brexit,” in which U.K. businesses lose access to the single European market. British Prime Minister Theresa May is scheduled to give a speech Tuesday in which she is expected to lay out the government’s plans for the U.K.’s exit from the European Union. Last summer’s Brexit vote was followed by a drop of more than 18% for the pound against the dollar. Jitters in the buildup to that speech pushed investors into the perceived safe haven of the Japanese yen, which rallied across the board, and gold , which rose to an 8-week high. Against the yen , the dollar fell to ¥114.03 versus ¥114.51 late Friday. Gold rose $7.20, or 0.6%, to $1.203.40 an ounce U.S. data this week will includes consumer prices and housing starts, while Trump’s speech on Inauguration Day will command attention Friday. Investors are looking for more clues on his pro-growth agenda. Plenty of Federal Reserve officials will speak this week, including two appearances by Chairwoman Janet Yellen. Read: Volatility options trading indicates stocks are in for a wild ride in February Stocks to watch: Expectations for financial stocks are high after upbeat results from J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.  on Friday. Read: Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going Auto makers could be in focus Tuesday after Trump tweeted Sunday that car companies will need to “start making things” in the U.S. again if they want to do business in the country. In Germany, car maker Daimler AG  fell 1.7% after Trump said in an interview with Bild that Germany is “unfair” in its auto trade with the U.S., describing it as a “one-way street.” Some heavy-hitting companies will report later this week. UnitedHealth Group Inc. and Morgan Stanley  on Tuesday, and then Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , Citigroup Inc.  and Netflix Inc. on Wednesday, to name a few. Other markets: Oil prices  turned lower. Yen strength weighed on the Nikkei 225 index , which closed nearly 1% lower, with most of Asian markets also suffering losses on the day. Share Tweet Markets Stream   Markets Stream gives you a single place to follow live updates of markets moves and commentary, plus relevant insight from the web and social media. Here’s how it works. (Photo: Getty Images) Top Streaming Coverage Reverse Order Show help Keyboard: ↑ Keyboard: ↓ Viewing Days Active Updates 0 1761 57717 0 new posts   Market Snapshot U.S. stock futures slip as investors brace for earnings, Trump inauguration By Barbara Kollmeyer U.S. stock futures eased Monday as investors shied away from global equities in favor of perceived safe-haven assets such as gold and the Japanese yen and fresh concerns over Brexit hit the pound. In holiday-thinned trading, there was also increasing nervousness ahead of Friday’s inauguration speech from President-elect Donald Trump. Dow Jones Industrial Average futures  fell 45 points, or 0.2%, to 19,787, while S&P 500 futures  slipped 5.25 points, or 0.2%, to 2,267.25. Nasdaq-100  futures dropped 5.5 points to 5,053.50. Regular trading for U.S. financial markets is closed on Monday in observance of the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday. On Friday, U.S. stocks finished a lackluster week largely in the red, the Dow industrials  finishing 0.4% lower and the S&P 500  easing 0.1%. The Nasdaq Composite Index  rose 1% for the week, after finishing at 5,574.12 for its sixth all-time closing high in seven sessions. European stocks  were lower across the board on Monday, though the FTSE 100  was holding up slightly better as a sharp slide in the British pound supported exporters. Brexit worries resurface: Sterling fell more than 1% against the dollar and hit a low of $1.1987 on Sunday as investors fretted about the prospect of a “hard Brexit,” in which U.K. businesses lose access to the single European market. British Prime Minister Theresa May is scheduled to give a speech Tuesday in which she is expected to lay out the government’s plans for the U.K.’s exit from the European Union. Last summer’s Brexit vote was followed by a drop of more than 18% for the pound against the dollar. Jitters in the buildup to that speech pushed investors into the perceived safe haven of the Japanese yen, which rallied across the board, and gold , which rose to an 8-week high. Against the yen , the dollar fell to ¥114.03 versus ¥114.51 late Friday. Gold rose $7.20, or 0.6%, to $1.203.40 an ounce U.S. data this week will includes consumer prices and housing starts, while Trump’s speech on Inauguration Day will command attention Friday. Investors are looking for more clues on his pro-growth agenda. Plenty of Federal Reserve officials will speak this week, including two appearances by Chairwoman Janet Yellen. Read: Volatility options trading indicates stocks are in for a wild ride in February Stocks to watch: Expectations for financial stocks are high after upbeat results from J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.  on Friday. Read: Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going Auto makers could be in focus Tuesday after Trump tweeted Sunday that car companies will need to “start making things” in the U.S. again if they want to do business in the country. In Germany, car maker Daimler AG  fell 1.7% after Trump said in an interview with Bild that Germany is “unfair” in its auto trade with the U.S., describing it as a “one-way street.” Some heavy-hitting companies will report later this week. UnitedHealth Group Inc. and Morgan Stanley  on Tuesday, and then Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , Citigroup Inc.  and Netflix Inc. on Wednesday, to name a few. Other markets: Oil prices  turned lower. Yen strength weighed on the Nikkei 225 index , which closed nearly 1% lower, with most of Asian markets also suffering losses on the day. Original Article Format »
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DexCom Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DexCom Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Price Target Cut to $65.00 by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus PDC Energy, Inc. (PDCE) Price Target Increased to $89.00 by Analysts at Barclays PLC MYR Group, Inc. (MYRG) Price Target Raised to $45.00 at FBR & Co Clovis Oncology, Inc. (CLVS) Upgraded to Overweight by Piper Jaffray Companies Primerica, Inc. (PRI) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Citigroup Inc. Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Price Target Cut to $113.00 by Analysts at Citigroup Inc. Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Shares Sold by Profund Advisors LLC BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Price Target Cut to $34.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Given “Hold” Rating at Brean Capital ServiceNow, Inc. (NOW) Price Target Raised to $86.00 at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Canadian National Railway Company to Post FY2019 Earnings of $5.72 Per Share, CLSA Forecasts (CNR) Quanta Services, Inc. (PWR) Price Target Increased to $41.00 by Analysts at FBR & Co FY2019 EPS Estimates for Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Decreased by Analyst Pioneer Natural Resources Company (PXD) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research EQT GP Holdings, LP (EQGP) Now Covered by Analysts at Janney Montgomery Scott CPB Inc. (CPF) Upgraded to Buy by Compass Point American Midstream Partners, LP (AMID) Lowered to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research 8×8 Inc (EGHT) Given New $18.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC Morgan Stanley Raises Position in VCA Inc. (WOOF) Mattel, Inc. (MAT) Given New $34.00 Price Target at Monness Crespi & Hardt DexCom’s (DXCM) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at BTIG Research January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet BTIG Research restated their buy rating on shares of DexCom, Inc. (NASDAQ:DXCM) in a report released on Friday. A number of other research firms have also recently commented on DXCM. B. Riley began coverage on DexCom in a research note on Monday, September 26th. They set a neutral rating and a $97.00 target price on the stock. Desjardins upgraded DexCom from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note on Friday, September 16th. BMO Capital Markets began coverage on DexCom in a research note on Friday, September 16th. They set an outperform rating and a $112.00 target price on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut DexCom from a hold rating to a strong sell rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 4th. Finally, Wedbush reiterated an outperform rating and set a $112.00 target price (up from $100.00) on shares of DexCom in a research note on Wednesday, November 2nd. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of $88.67. DexCom (NASDAQ:DXCM) remained flat at $85.13 during midday trading on Friday. The stock had a trading volume of 9,321,440 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $64.83 and a 200-day moving average of $79.31. The company’s market cap is $7.20 billion. DexCom has a 12 month low of $47.92 and a 12 month high of $96.38. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “DexCom’s (DXCM) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at BTIG Research” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/dexcoms-dxcm-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-btig-research.html. In other news, EVP Andrew K. Balo sold 3,200 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $62.86, for a total value of $201,152.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 109,545 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,885,998.70. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, EVP Andrew K. Balo sold 4,997 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, October 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $82.31, for a total value of $411,303.07. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 2.80% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Eaton Vance Management boosted its stake in DexCom by 91.6% in the second quarter. Eaton Vance Management now owns 52,289 shares of the medical device company’s stock worth $4,148,000 after buying an additional 25,000 shares in the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its stake in DexCom by 41.8% in the second quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 318,462 shares of the medical device company’s stock worth $25,264,000 after buying an additional 93,879 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in DexCom by 1,029.1% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 104,923 shares of the medical device company’s stock worth $8,324,000 after buying an additional 95,630 shares in the last quarter. Honeywell International Inc. bought a new stake in DexCom during the second quarter worth approximately $15,161,000. Finally, Marble Harbor Investment Counsel LLC boosted its stake in DexCom by 7.6% in the second quarter. Marble Harbor Investment Counsel LLC now owns 11,810 shares of the medical device company’s stock worth $937,000 after buying an additional 830 shares in the last quarter. DexCom Company Profile Dexcom, Inc (Dexcom) is a medical device company. The Company is focused on the design, development and commercialization of continuous glucose monitoring systems for ambulatory use by people with diabetes and for use by healthcare providers for the treatment of people with and without diabetes. Its products include SEVEN PLUS, DexCom G4, DexCom G4 PLATINUM, DexCom Share System and DexCom G5 Mobile. Receive News & Ratings for DexCom Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DexCom Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Oil Is Trading in Very Volatil Range: MacKlow-Smith Oil Is Trading in Very Volatil Range: MacKlow-Smith Duration: 04:13s - Published: on November 29, 2016< > Embed Nov.29 -- The oil market is pricing in a 30 percent chance of producers reaching a deal to cut output at OPEC’s meeting in Vienna, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Futures would rally into the low $50s a barrel and average $55 over the first half of next year if the group agrees to a cut, according to the bank. Failure to reach an accord would mean prices would average $45 a barrel through the summer. JPMorgan Asset Management Head of Europe Equity Management Stephen MacKlow-Smith discusses with Anna Edwards and Yousef Gamal El-Din on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Europe." 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Recent related news Oil Prices Could Reach $60 This Year: NovakCrude oil prices will trade in the range between US$50 and US$60 a barrel this year, Russia’s Oil... OilPrice.com 6 days ago - Markets Saudi Oil Minister Shrugs At U.S. Shale RecoveryWhen OPEC decided not to cap output in 2014, flooding the market with oil, it was trying to drive... OilPrice.com 1 week ago - Markets Russia Makes A Move On Asian Oil Markets As OPEC CutsOil prices have been struggling to rise beyond the low $50s per barrel. Not helped by news this week... OilPrice.com 3 days ago - Markets Russia Midstream Oil and Gas Industry Outlook to 2021: Market Forecasts for Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG), Oil Storage, Pipelines, Underground Gas Storage and Gas Processing - Research and MarketsDUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Russia Midstream Oil... Business Wire 1 week ago - Press Releases What is palm oil and why is it so dangerous to dogs?FOLLOWING the discovery of palm oil on a beach in Pembrokeshire, dog owners in Carmarthenshire are... Carmarthen Journal 1 week ago - UK Kuwait declares state of emergency over oil leak on shoreKUWAIT CITY (AP) — Kuwait’s national oil company has declared a state of emergency over an oil... Seattle Times 6 days ago - World KOLKATA-COMMODITIES-CLOSING(Rates in Rs per quintal, unless stated otherwise) BULLION: SILVER RDY RS 41,700.00 PER KG --- SEEDS... DNA 1 day ago - Money Indian Sesame Oil Industry Outlook 2017-2022 - Research and MarketsDUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Indian Sesame Oil... Business Wire 1 week ago - Press Releases Top 5 Incredible Benefits of Coconut Oil﻿Coconut oil has received a great positive scientific attention recently because of its multitude of... WorldNews 1 week ago - Front Page Oil Sands Are An Easy Target But They Are Going NowhereCanada’s PM Justin Trudeau sparked outrage earlier this month by saying the Alberta oil sands need... OilPrice.com 6 days ago - Markets You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Roger Federer Serena Williams Vladimir Putin Rafael Nadal Current Topics Trump Travel Malaysia Immigration Order Judge Blocks Deportations National Security Council Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories New Star Wars Title Revealed - But What Could It Mean? Game Of Thrones Isn't The UK's Favourite TV Drama - So What Is? Mexico President Pena Nieto: 'We Will NOT Pay For ANY Wall' No Breakfast For The British - McDonald's All-Day Egg McMuffins Are a UK No-Go Trump's Latest Rival Is Half An Onion Sealed In a Bag -- No, Really. The BREXIT SAGA Continues: PM May Needs MP Backing 2017 Oscar Nominations - Our Verdict La La Land Has Already Equalled an Oscar Record Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Sunday, January 29, 2017 JobsDatingBuy photosLocal BusinessesStar ShopClassifiedsBook An AdDigital Editions Home News Sport Entertainment What's On Business Education Farming Motors Property Family Announcements Notices Directory Business Shropshire Business Ladder for Shropshire Perks: Rewarding your loyal customers City News Money Careers Business Supplement The Farmer Advertise Local Businesses PUBLISHED: January 12, 2017 23:10 US stocks fall as banks and other financial firms struggle Banks and other financial companies have led US stocks slightly lower, wiping out much of the market's gains from a day earlier. US stocks fell as banks and other financial firms struggled Phone companies, real estate, utilities and healthcare stocks eked out gains. Energy, technology and other stocks that posted big gains in the weeks after the November election lost ground. Hess slumped 4.8% and chipmaker Micron Technology fell 2.1%. Banks, which moved sharply higher through much of the post-election rally in November and December, were hurt by a drop in bond yields, which can push down interest rates on loans, squeezing banks' profits. "The market has been running pretty nicely this year, so this is just a little bit of a pullback, a little bit of a consolidation," said Troy Logan, managing director at Warren Financial Service. "Anything that has run well post-election has pulled back somewhat today." The Dow Jones industrial average slid 63.28 points, or 0.3%, to 19,891. The average had briefly been down more than 183 points. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 4.88 points, or 0.2%, to 2,270.44. The Nasdaq composite ended a seven-day winning streak that delivered five consecutive record highs. On Thursday, the index fell 16.16 points, or 0.3%, to 5,547.49. The market's slide came as investors looked ahead to several weeks of companies reporting their latest quarterly results. That begins on Friday, when several major banks are due to report earnings, including Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo. The latest drop in bond yields weighed on bank stocks on Thursday. The yield on the 10-year Treasury slipped to 2.36% from 2.37% late on Wednesday. Beyond that, some traders may have also been selling bank stocks to lock in the sector's recent gains ahead of Friday's earnings releases, Mr Logan said. "Tomorrow is the big day for a lot of the big banks," he said. "They've run up pretty nicely post-election and through this year." AP Commercial Links Jobs Dating Buy photos Local Businesses Star Reader Travel Star Shop Classifieds Book An Ad Digital Editions Useful links About us Contact Us Manage your Subscription Online Live road traffic updates Terms of website use Send us your news Deliver the Shropshire Star Live rail updates Cookies and privacy policy Making a complaint Shropshire Star archive Featured articles
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Civitas Solutions Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Civitas Solutions Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 Civitas Solutions’ (CIVI) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Civitas Solutions, Inc. (NYSE:CIVI) in a research note issued to investors on Friday. Canaccord Genuity currently has a $26.00 price target on the stock. Other research analysts have also issued reports about the company. TheStreet upgraded Civitas Solutions from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. Zacks Investment Research raised Civitas Solutions from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report on Thursday, December 15th. Finally, Barclays PLC reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $24.00 price target on shares of Civitas Solutions in a report on Monday, January 9th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Civitas Solutions has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of $26.50. Civitas Solutions (NYSE:CIVI) traded up 1.78% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $20.00. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 42,054 shares. Civitas Solutions has a 52 week low of $15.19 and a 52 week high of $26.11. The stock has a market capitalization of $744.32 million, a PE ratio of 82.30 and a beta of 0.53. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $18.48 and its 200-day moving average price is $19.04. Civitas Solutions (NYSE:CIVI) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, December 14th. The company reported $0.07 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.19 by $0.12. The company earned $362.20 million during the quarter. Civitas Solutions had a net margin of 0.65% and a return on equity of 14.60%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.12 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that Civitas Solutions will post $0.79 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/civitas-solutions-civi-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-canaccord-genuity.html. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. TimesSquare Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Civitas Solutions by 6.0% in the third quarter. TimesSquare Capital Management LLC now owns 2,133,855 shares of the company’s stock valued at $38,964,000 after buying an additional 121,000 shares during the last quarter. Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P. increased its stake in Civitas Solutions by 7.3% in the second quarter. Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P. now owns 1,631,925 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33,993,000 after buying an additional 110,400 shares during the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in Civitas Solutions by 2.6% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 634,952 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,226,000 after buying an additional 16,037 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in Civitas Solutions by 6.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 420,909 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,686,000 after buying an additional 26,347 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Civitas Solutions by 282.4% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 388,875 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,100,000 after buying an additional 287,175 shares during the last quarter. 93.01% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Civitas Solutions Civitas Solutions, Inc is a provider of home and community-based health and human services to individuals with intellectual, developmental, physical or behavioral disabilities and other special needs. The Company’s clinicians and caregivers develop customized service plans, delivered in non-institutional settings, designed to address a range of often life-long conditions. Receive News & Ratings for Civitas Solutions Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Civitas Solutions Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Northrop Grumman Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northrop Grumman Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Prosperity Bancshares, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PB) Northern Trust Corp Raises Stake in Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PEI) Northern Trust Corp Has $47,598,000 Position in Crown Holdings, Inc. (CCK) Oracle Corporation (ORCL) Shares Bought by MCF Advisors LLC Visa Inc. (V) Stake Cut by Howard Hughes Medical Institute Spark Investment Management LLC Maintains Position in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) FineMark National Bank & Trust Has $2,681,000 Position in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.93 Per Share Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Corning Incorporated Increased by Jefferies Group (GLW) Steel Dynamics, Inc. to Post FY2018 Earnings of $2.37 Per Share, CLSA Forecasts (STLD) Corning Incorporated to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.39 Per Share, CLSA Forecasts (GLW) Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.22 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts XPO Logistics, Inc. (XPO) Shares Bought by American International Group Inc. Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB) Rating Lowered to C+ at TheStreet CVS Health Corporation (CVS) Stake Cut by American International Group Inc. Suntrust Banks Inc. Cuts Position in MFA Financial, Inc. (MFA) Suntrust Banks Inc. Sells 4,623 Shares of ONE Gas, Inc. (OGS) Suntrust Banks Inc. Has $346,000 Stake in ANSYS, Inc. (ANSS) Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (BWLD) Position Lowered by Suntrust Banks Inc. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Purchases New Position in Finish Line Inc (FINL) Vetr Inc. Lowers Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) to Hold January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Vetr cut shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday morning. Vetr currently has $229.19 price objective on the stock. Other equities research analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $252.00 price objective for the company in a report on Friday, October 28th. Jefferies Group reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a $260.00 price objective (up previously from $250.00) on shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation in a report on Friday, October 28th. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price target on shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation from $250.00 to $265.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Wells Fargo & Company reiterated a hold rating on shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation in a research report on Monday, November 14th. Finally, Vertical Research started coverage on shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation in a research report on Friday, October 28th. They issued a hold rating on the stock. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of $245.58. Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC) traded up 0.45% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $230.17. 1,008,072 shares of the company traded hands. The company has a market cap of $40.57 billion, a PE ratio of 19.64 and a beta of 0.66. Northrop Grumman Corporation has a 12-month low of $175.00 and a 12-month high of $253.80. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $237.60 and a 200-day moving average price of $224.95. Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, October 26th. The company reported $3.35 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.81 by $0.54. The business earned $6.20 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $6.01 billion. Northrop Grumman Corporation had a net margin of 8.96% and a return on equity of 34.10%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 2.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $2.75 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Northrop Grumman Corporation will post $11.69 EPS for the current year. WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/vetr-inc-lowers-northrop-grumman-corporation-noc-to-hold.html. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, December 21st. Shareholders of record on Monday, December 5th were paid a dividend of $0.90 per share. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, December 1st. This represents a $3.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.56%. Northrop Grumman Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 30.72%. In other Northrop Grumman Corporation news, VP Christopher T. Jones sold 240 shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $248.85, for a total transaction of $59,724.00. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 47,060 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $11,710,881. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CEO Wesley G. Bush sold 35,000 shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $228.37, for a total value of $7,992,950.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.90% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. FMR LLC boosted its position in Northrop Grumman Corporation by 69.2% in the second quarter. FMR LLC now owns 4,262,441 shares of the company’s stock valued at $947,455,000 after buying an additional 1,742,969 shares during the period. Capital International Investors boosted its stake in shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation by 57.7% in the second quarter. Capital International Investors now owns 1,799,200 shares of the company’s stock valued at $399,926,000 after buying an additional 658,300 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation by 12.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,938,953 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,057,262,000 after buying an additional 533,364 shares during the last quarter. Bank of Montreal Can purchased a new stake in shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation during the second quarter valued at approximately $76,299,000. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation by 97.7% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 662,755 shares of the company’s stock valued at $141,797,000 after buying an additional 327,493 shares during the last quarter. 80.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Northrop Grumman Corporation Company Profile Northrop Grumman Corporation (Northrop Grumman) is a global security company. The Company provides systems, products and solutions in unmanned systems; cyber; command, control, communications and computers (C4), intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (C4ISR); strike aircraft, and logistics and modernization to Government and commercial customers across the world. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Northrop Grumman Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northrop Grumman Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 30° Air Quality: PSI 28-34 We set you thinking Sunday 29 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Germany's Schaeuble admits 'mistakes' in refugee policy 1485680503 World Philippine troops kill 15 Islamic State supporters; rebel leader wounded 1485680138 World Iraq Shi'ite paramilitary calls for ban on U.S. nationals 1485679755 World Trump to honor refugee swap deal with Australia: source 1485679715 World Boat carrying 28 Chinese tourists sinks off Malaysia: Xinhua 1485680376 China&India China’s poplar tress — a springtime nuisance 1485680199 World Airlines in Cairo asked to implement Trump travel ban: EgyptAir official 1485679201 World Chaos, anger as Trump order halts some Muslim immigrants 1485677437 China&India X-rays and brothel patrols check sex trafficking in Kolkata’s red light district 1485679305 World Houthi-run authorities in Yemen capital condemn Trump ban 1485677381 World States discussing lawsuit over Trump immigration order 1485677437 World The Knights of Malta-Vatican feud: a tale of chivalry and sovereignty 1485678285 Entertainment Kirsten Tan’s Pop Aye wins screenwriting award at Sundance 1485678402 Sports Serena Williams to play fewer tournaments to aid grand slam quest 1485677802 Entertainment Arrival director Villeneuve ‘very disappointed’ at Amy Adams Oscar snub 1485677511 World Two Iraqis lead legal fight against Trump order blocking entry 1485676256 World Suspected U.S. commando raid in Yemen kills three al Qaeda members: residents 1485675640 World Homeland Security says will 'comply with judicial orders' 1485673840 World How Trump's abrupt immigration ban sowed confusion at airports, agencies 1485673855 World Israeli troops kill Palestinian in West Bank clash: officials 1485673364 World Indonesia’s grand prison plan: Turn penal island into a cattle farm 1485673601 World Muslim-majority Indonesia deeply regrets U.S. immigrant vetting plans 1485672374 World Ex-Panama dictator Noriega let out of prison for brain surgery 1485666597 World Certain flight crew barred from U.S. entry after Trump order: IATA memo 1485667266 World 'Case by case' approach for U.S. green card holders under Trump's new order 1485656078 World Bodies of three decapitated police found in Mexico 1485661710 World Mexico rebukes Israel over Netanyahu wall tweet 1485662962 World Homeland Security says monitoring litigation over Trump order 1485660313 World Yemen 'dismayed' by Trump's immigration order: official 1485660313 World Iraqi MPs want parliament to discuss U.S. travel curbs 1485660313 World Trump's refugee ban no solution to problems, Turkey PM says 1485660313 World Under fire, UK's May criticizes Trump curb on refugees 1485660313 World Green card holders will need additional screening: White House 1485660815 World German Foreign Min cites torture, executions in Libyan migrant camps: report 1485659619 World Trump talks to Putin, other world leaders about security threats 1485657957 Business U.S. tech leaders sound alarm over Trump immigration order 1485658454 Business FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines 1485637945 Singapore Man arrested in Woodlands over unnatural deaths 1485656160 World 7-year-old Thai boy gets Leicester City support after showing football skills 1485591360 World Putin and Trump agree to try to rebuild U.S.-Russia ties, cooperate in Syria 1485639840 World British PM May says does not agree with Trump on immigration 1485654063 World Trump to speak to Saudi, UAE, Korean leaders Sunday: White House 1485653706 World Evoking Reagan and Thatcher, May hails new UK-U.S. 'special relationship' 1485647047 World French presidential front-runner warns accusations play into far-right hands 1485652434 World French Left picks presidential candidate as Socialist rebel faces ex-PM Valls 1485652453 World Canada's Trudeau welcomes refugees; U.S.-bound passengers turned away 1485651607 World Trump says new order on refugees is not a Muslim ban 1485641140 World Trump's call for deadlier Islamic State push may hit limits 1485650527 World Merkel's Bavarian ally calls for quick end to Russian sanctions 1485649440 World Trump, Putin discuss working together on Syria, Islamic State: White House 1485648248 Business Government to name underwriters for further Japan Post share sale A man holding an umbrella walks past a logo of Japan Post Group at its headquarters in Tokyo. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 9:30 PM, January 16, 2017 TOKYO - Japan's government has started arranging a further sale of shares in Japan Post Holdings Co <6178.T>, it said on Monday, laying the groundwork to add to its biggest privatization in nearly 30 years. The conglomerate made an unprecedented three-way initial public offering in November 2015, in which the holding company and its two financial units each sold about 10 percent shares to the public. The government plans to eventually raise about 4 trillion yen ($35 billion) through additional stake sales in Japan Post group to fund the reconstruction of areas hit by the 2011 earthquake and tsunami. The Ministry of Finance said it would start selecting lead underwriters for the second round of sales of Japan Post Holdings shares held by the government. It set a deadline of Feb. 16 to apply for roles as global coordinators and book runners. A finance ministry statement said the timing and scale of the additional share sale have not been decided. Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley, Nomura Securities, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan were hired as global coordinators for Japan Post's IPO. The government sold about $12 billion worth of shares in Japan Post and its Japan Post Bank Co <7182.T> and Japan Post Insurance Co <7181.T> units in the IPO, which was the largest privatization of a Japanese state-owned firm since that of Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corp <9432.T> in 1987. The parent company's stock ended down 4.9 percent on Monday after media reports that the government would sell a further 1.4 trillion yen - the ceiling for expected revenues from such a sale in the draft government budget for the fiscal year starting in April. Japan Post Holdings' shares surged as much as 40 percent over its IPO price of 1,400 yen in the weeks following its stock market debut. But they had been traded below the IPO price since the middle of last year until the market rally following the surprise victory of Donald Trump in the U.S. presidential election. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Zodiac family silver key to $9 billion Safran tie-up Yahoo beats Wall Street view, sees Verizon deal closing in second quarter Xiaomi executive Barra joins Facebook to lead virtual reality business Whirlpool to cut 500 EMEA jobs in dryer manufacturing unit Western Digital's profit, revenue beat estimates Wells Fargo to stop giving branches advance notice of inspections Weak exports curb U.S. fourth-quarter economic growth Wall Street Week Ahead: Optimism among S&P 500 CEOs as Trump takes power Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Wall Street ends flat after 2-day run; Dow stays above 20,000 Inside Today World Boat carrying 28 Chinese tourists sinks off Malaysia: Xinhua Airlines in Cairo asked to implement Trump travel ban: EgyptAir official The Knights of Malta-Vatican feud: a tale of chivalry and sovereignty States discussing lawsuit over Trump immigration order Chaos, anger as Trump order halts some Muslim immigrants Business U.S. tech leaders sound alarm over Trump immigration order FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines German‎ watchdog suspected VW scam on CO2 emissions: report ECB inspection of Monte dei Paschi still ongoing: BOI official Toshiba chair ready to resign over Westinghouse writedowns: Nikkei Sports Serena Williams to play fewer tournaments to aid grand slam quest S’porean windsurfer, 15, trains full-time in bid to make SEA Games, YOG Serena beats Venus to win record 23rd Slam title Nadal edges Dimitrov to set up dream final against Federer Asian champions Jeonbuk appeal to CAS over ban Entertainment Kirsten Tan’s Pop Aye wins screenwriting award at Sundance Arrival director Villeneuve ‘very disappointed’ at Amy Adams Oscar snub Prince siblings decry ‘mismanagement’ of tribute Grammys, CBS to honour Bee Gees with tribute concert The funniest Stephen Chow comedies to watch this festive weekend About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance The KEYW Holding Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for The KEYW Holding Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 The KEYW Holding Corporation (KEYW) Receives $8.67 Consensus PT from Analysts January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of The KEYW Holding Corporation (NASDAQ:KEYW) have been given an average recommendation of “Hold” by the nine research firms that are presently covering the stock. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and one has given a buy recommendation to the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokerages that have covered the stock in the last year is $8.67. A number of research analysts have weighed in on KEYW shares. Chardan Capital reissued a “buy” rating and set a $12.00 target price on shares of The KEYW Holding Corporation in a research report on Thursday, November 3rd. Seaport Global Securities initiated coverage on shares of The KEYW Holding Corporation in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. They set a “neutral” rating for the company. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/the-keyw-holding-corporation-keyw-receives-8-67-consensus-pt-from-analysts.html. Shares of The KEYW Holding Corporation (NASDAQ:KEYW) opened at 11.67 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $12.44 and its 200-day moving average price is $10.96. The KEYW Holding Corporation has a 12-month low of $3.91 and a 12-month high of $13.57. The company’s market cap is $469.72 million. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in The KEYW Holding Corporation by 8.7% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 1,376,505 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,683,000 after buying an additional 110,364 shares during the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in The KEYW Holding Corporation by 41.0% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 154,423 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,534,000 after buying an additional 44,883 shares during the last quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its stake in The KEYW Holding Corporation by 6.6% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 23,011 shares of the company’s stock worth $229,000 after buying an additional 1,427 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in The KEYW Holding Corporation by 20.0% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 20,264 shares of the company’s stock worth $202,000 after buying an additional 3,375 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Neuberger Berman Group LLC boosted its stake in The KEYW Holding Corporation by 0.7% in the second quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 3,486,944 shares of the company’s stock worth $34,660,000 after buying an additional 24,123 shares during the last quarter. 87.94% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. The KEYW Holding Corporation Company Profile The KEYW Holding Corporation (KEYW) is a provider of cybersecurity, cyber superiority and geospatial intelligence solutions to the United States Government defense, intelligence and national security agencies, and commercial enterprises. The Company operates through two segments: Government Solutions and Commercial Cyber Solutions. Receive News & Ratings for The KEYW Holding Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The KEYW Holding Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 1/28 Trump Order Barring Refugees Sparks Protests, Praise 1/28 Updated Trump visa ban also applies to citizens with dual nationality: State Department 1/28 Here's why tech giants want to keep content cheap 1/28 Does Jaguar’s new sedan live up to the brand’s legacy? 1/28 Updated Trump says immigration ban ‘working out very nicely,’ while ACLU, others file lawsuit 1/28 Why Trump’s golf courses in Scotland are just like Carrier’s plant in Mexico 1/28 Updated 12 detained at New York airport under refugee ban 1/28 Updated Trump and Putin discuss fighting terrorism on the phone 1/28 Calexit movement gets a go-ahead 1/28 Updated How do I find my late father’s will when my stepmother is blocking the way? 1/28 Updated Here are the safest airlines to fly in 2017 1/28 Updated This is how much the White House is worth in 2017 1/28 Updated Fund that almost tripled the S&P 500’s gain last year is now big on health-care stocks 1/28 Updated This fund manager is finding profits in the wreckage of corporate Europe 1/28 Updated 10 ‘Dividend Aristocrat’ stocks expected to rise up to 22% as you get paid to wait 1/28 Updated The 10 cheapest, fastest-growing and most beloved Dow stocks 1/28 Updated Iran calls Trump’s order ‘an obvious insult to the Islamic world’ 1/28 Updated Weekend roundup: Dow 20,000 | Trump and your investments | How companies confuse you with ‘earnings’ 1/28 Updated This explains why Donald Trump calls his loyal supporters the ‘forgotten people’ 1/28 Updated This chart shows how Republicans and Democrats feel about their money right now Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts U.S. stock futures slip as investors brace for earnings, Trump inauguration By Barbara Kollmeyer Published: Jan 16, 2017 1:02 p.m. ET Share Regular trading closed for Martin Luther King Jr. holiday Reuters Brexit worries threaten the week for investors By BarbaraKollmeyer Markets reporter U.S. stock futures eased Monday as investors shied away from global equities in favor of perceived safe-haven assets such as gold and the Japanese yen and fresh concerns over Brexit hit the pound. In holiday-thinned trading, there was also increasing nervousness ahead of Friday’s inauguration speech from President-elect Donald Trump. Dow Jones Industrial Average futures YMH7, -0.18%  fell 45 points, or 0.2%, to 19,787, while S&P 500 futures ESH7, -0.19%  slipped 5.25 points, or 0.2%, to 2,267.25. Nasdaq-100 NQH7, +0.34%  futures dropped 5.5 points to 5,053.50. Regular trading for U.S. financial markets is closed on Monday in observance of the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday. On Friday, U.S. stocks finished a lackluster week largely in the red, the Dow industrials DJIA, -0.04%  finishing 0.4% lower and the S&P 500 SPX, -0.09%  easing 0.1%. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +0.10%  rose 1% for the week, after finishing at 5,574.12 for its sixth all-time closing high in seven sessions. European stocks SXXP, -0.30%  were lower across the board on Monday, though the FTSE 100 UKX, +0.32%  was holding up slightly better as a sharp slide in the British pound supported exporters. Brexit worries resurface: Sterling fell more than 1% against the dollar GBPUSD, -0.3731% and hit a low of $1.1987 on Sunday as investors fretted about the prospect of a “hard Brexit,” in which U.K. businesses lose access to the single European market. British Prime Minister Theresa May is scheduled to give a speech Tuesday in which she is expected to lay out the government’s plans for the U.K.’s exit from the European Union. Last summer’s Brexit vote was followed by a drop of more than 18% for the pound against the dollar. Jitters in the buildup to that speech pushed investors into the perceived safe haven of the Japanese yen, which rallied across the board, and gold GCG7, +0.10% which rose to an 8-week high. Against the yen USDJPY, +0.52% the dollar fell to ¥114.03 versus ¥114.51 late Friday. Gold rose $7.20, or 0.6%, to $1.203.40 an ounce U.S. data this week will includes consumer prices and housing starts, while Trump’s speech on Inauguration Day will command attention Friday. Investors are looking for more clues on his pro-growth agenda. Plenty of Federal Reserve officials will speak this week, including two appearances by Chairwoman Janet Yellen. Read: Volatility options trading indicates stocks are in for a wild ride in February Ringling Bros. Circus to close after 146 years in business(1:04) The curtain will come down on the Ringling Bros. Circus forever in May, according to its owners. A mix of factors including low ticket sales, high operating costs, and ongoing conflicts with animal-rights groups contributed to the decision. Stocks to watch: Expectations for financial stocks are high after upbeat results from J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, +0.21%  on Friday. Read: Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going Auto makers could be in focus Tuesday after Trump tweeted Sunday that car companies will need to “start making things” in the U.S. again if they want to do business in the country. will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 15, 2017 In Germany, car maker Daimler AG DAI, -1.03%  fell 1.7% after Trump said in an interview with Bild that Germany is “unfair” in its auto trade with the U.S., describing it as a “one-way street.” Some heavy-hitting companies will report later this week. UnitedHealth Group Inc. UNH, +0.15% and Morgan Stanley MS, -0.39%  on Tuesday, and then Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, -1.10% Citigroup Inc. C, -0.44%  and Netflix Inc. NFLX, +2.51% on Wednesday, to name a few. Other markets: Oil prices US:CLG7  turned lower. Yen strength weighed on the Nikkei 225 index NIK, +0.34% which closed nearly 1% lower, with most of Asian markets also suffering losses on the day. More from MarketWatch What Happens if President Trump Makes Changes to Nafta? Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Calexit movement gets a go-ahead Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References YMH7 -36.00 -0.18% ESH7 -4.25 -0.19% NQH7 +17.25 +0.34% DJIA -7.13 -0.04% SPX -1.99 -0.09% COMP +5.61 +0.10% SXXP -1.12 -0.30% UKX +23.00 +0.32% GBPUSD -0.0047 -0.3731% GCG7 +1.20 +0.10% USDJPY +0.60 +0.52% JPM +0.18 +0.21% DAI -0.74 -1.03% UNH +0.24 +0.15% MS -0.17 -0.39% GS -2.63 -1.10% C -0.25 -0.44% NFLX +3.49 +2.51% NIK +65.01 +0.34% Show all references Most Popular Why Trump’s golf courses in Scotland are just like Carrier’s plant in Mexico Trump visa ban also applies to citizens with dual nationality: State Department Serena Williams beats sister Venus to win record 23rd Grand Slam title Apple earnings: iPhone 7 could break streak of shrinking sales These 85 stocks are now on a ‘buy’ list as Donald Trump takes office Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. MarketWatch Partner Center Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found E-Mini Dow Mar 2017 U.S.: CBOT: YMH7 20,015.00 -36.00 (-0.18%) Volume 76785 Open 20,051 High 20,073 Low 20,005 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A E-Mini S&P 500 Future - Electronic Mar 2017 U.S.: CME: ESH7 2,289.75 -4.25 (-0.19%) Volume 935.6K Open 2,294 High 2,297 Low 2,287 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A E-Mini Nasdaq 100 Index - Electronic Mar 2017 U.S.: CME: NQH7 5,165.00 +17.25 (+0.34%) Volume 138.3K Open 5,144 High 5,168 Low 5,139 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,093.78 -7.13 (-0.04%) Volume 343.1M Open 20,103 High 20,116 Low 20,073 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,294.69 -1.99 (-0.09%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,299 High 2,299 Low 2,292 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,660.78 +5.61 (+0.10%) Volume 0 Open 5,665 High 5,667 Low 5,644 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 366.38 -1.12 (-0.30%) Volume 0 Open 367.14 High 367.19 Low 365.35 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A FTSE 100 Index GBP FTSE Indices: UKX 7,184.49 +23.00 (+0.32%) Volume 0 Open 7,161 High 7,185 Low 7,151 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A British Pound Tullett Prebon: GBPUSD 1.2549 -0.0047 (-0.3731%) Volume 0 Open 1.26 High 1.26 Low 1.25 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Feb 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCG7 $1,191.00 +1.20 (+0.10%) Volume 226.4K Open $1,189 High $1,191 Low $1,180 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Japanese Yen Tullett Prebon: USDJPY 115.13 +0.60 (+0.52%) Volume 0 Open 114.53 High 115.37 Low 114.39 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $86.93 +0.18 (+0.21%) Volume 12.3M Open $86.66 High $86.98 Low $86.27 P/E Ratio 14.04 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 311.1B Daimler AG Germany: Frankfurt: DAI €70.71 -0.74 (-1.03%) Volume 28281 Open €71.26 High €71.54 Low €70.40 P/E Ratio 9.24 Div Yield 4.6 Market Cap 75.7B UnitedHealth Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: UNH $162.99 +0.24 (+0.15%) Volume 3.0M Open $163.50 High $163.80 Low $162.62 P/E Ratio 21.82 Div Yield 1.53 Market Cap 155.1B Morgan Stanley U.S.: NYSE: MS $43.65 -0.17 (-0.39%) Volume 7.6M Open $43.75 High $43.95 Low $43.56 P/E Ratio 14.95 Div Yield 1.83 Market Cap 80.8B Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $236.95 -2.63 (-1.10%) Volume 3.2M Open $236.90 High $237.97 Low $236.01 P/E Ratio 14.48 Div Yield 1.1 Market Cap 94.2B Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $57.11 -0.25 (-0.44%) Volume 16.9M Open $57.39 High $57.41 Low $56.72 P/E Ratio 12.09 Div Yield 1.12 Market Cap 162.8B Netflix Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: NFLX $142.45 +3.49 (+2.51%) Volume 8.2M Open $139.46 High $142.49 Low $139.00 P/E Ratio 339.17 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 61.1B : () NIKKEI 225 Index Nikkei Idx: NIK 19,467.40 +65.01 (+0.34%) Volume 0 Open 19,454 High 19,487 Low 19,404 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mellanox Technologies Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mellanox Technologies Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (MLNX) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ:MLNX) has been given a consensus rating of “Buy” by the nineteen analysts that are covering the stock. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, three have assigned a hold recommendation, twelve have issued a buy recommendation and one has issued a strong buy recommendation on the company. The average 12-month price target among analysts that have covered the stock in the last year is $61.17. MLNX has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Mellanox Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, October 26th. Summit Redstone set a $65.00 price target on Mellanox Technologies and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, November 28th. Jefferies Group downgraded Mellanox Technologies from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating and cut their price target for the stock from $42.00 to $37.00 in a research note on Monday, November 21st. Barclays PLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $55.00 price target on shares of Mellanox Technologies in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, TheStreet raised Mellanox Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, November 18th. Mellanox Technologies (NASDAQ:MLNX) opened at 43.00 on Wednesday. The stock has a market capitalization of $2.10 billion, a PE ratio of 40.45 and a beta of 0.60. Mellanox Technologies has a 1-year low of $37.54 and a 1-year high of $55.80. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $41.33 and its 200 day moving average price is $43.52. Mellanox Technologies (NASDAQ:MLNX) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported $0.93 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.60 by $0.33. The firm earned $224.20 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $25.16 million. Mellanox Technologies had a return on equity of 10.89% and a net margin of 6.49%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 30.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.75 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Mellanox Technologies will post $3.47 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/mellanox-technologies-ltd-mlnx-given-average-rating-of-buy-by-brokerages.html. In other Mellanox Technologies news, CFO Yakov (Jacob) Shulman sold 2,782 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $43.28, for a total value of $120,404.96. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. 6.32% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in MLNX. Neuberger Berman Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Mellanox Technologies by 23.3% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 814,276 shares of the company’s stock valued at $35,217,000 after buying an additional 153,861 shares during the last quarter. Wasatch Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Mellanox Technologies during the third quarter valued at $3,936,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Mellanox Technologies by 153.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 189,599 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,200,000 after buying an additional 114,701 shares during the last quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Mellanox Technologies during the third quarter valued at $1,928,000. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its stake in shares of Mellanox Technologies by 38.9% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 485,593 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,002,000 after buying an additional 136,036 shares during the last quarter. 63.27% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Mellanox Technologies Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. is a fabless semiconductor company. The Company designs, manufactures and sells interconnect products and solutions primarily based on the InfiniBand and Ethernet standards. The Company operates in the development, manufacturing, marketing and sales of interconnect products segment. Receive News & Ratings for Mellanox Technologies Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mellanox Technologies Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Square Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Square Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 Square, Inc. (SQ) Director James Morgan Jr. Mckelvey Sells 90,000 Shares of Stock January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Square, Inc. (NYSE:SQ) Director James Morgan Jr. Mckelvey sold 90,000 shares of Square stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $15.13, for a total transaction of $1,361,700.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 185,730 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,810,094.90. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. James Morgan Jr. Mckelvey also recently made the following trade(s): On Monday, December 12th, James Morgan Jr. Mckelvey sold 400,000 shares of Square stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $13.85, for a total transaction of $5,540,000.00. On Monday, November 7th, James Morgan Jr. Mckelvey sold 400,000 shares of Square stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $12.27, for a total transaction of $4,908,000.00. On Wednesday, October 19th, James Morgan Jr. Mckelvey sold 400,000 shares of Square stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $11.24, for a total transaction of $4,496,000.00. Shares of Square, Inc. (NYSE:SQ) opened at 14.75 on Monday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $13.93 and its 200 day moving average is $11.82. Square, Inc. has a 52-week low of $8.06 and a 52-week high of $15.91. The stock’s market cap is $5.19 billion. Square (NYSE:SQ) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, November 1st. The company reported ($0.09) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.11) by $0.02. The company earned $439 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $374.36 million. Square had a negative net margin of 12.55% and a negative return on equity of 31.99%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 50.9% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Square, Inc. will post ($0.55) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/square-inc-sq-director-james-morgan-jr-mckelvey-sells-90000-shares-of-stock.html. A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on SQ shares. Mizuho reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $16.00 price objective on shares of Square in a report on Wednesday, November 2nd. Nomura initiated coverage on shares of Square in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $18.00 price target for the company. Credit Suisse Group initiated coverage on shares of Square in a report on Wednesday, October 19th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $12.00 price target for the company. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Jefferies Group restated a “buy” rating and issued a $15.00 price target on shares of Square in a report on Thursday, November 3rd. Finally, Vetr upgraded shares of Square from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $11.55 price target for the company in a report on Wednesday, November 2nd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating, eighteen have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $14.17. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. State Treasurer State of Michigan bought a new position in shares of Square during the second quarter valued at $102,710,000. Capital World Investors boosted its stake in shares of Square by 131.4% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 10,813,575 shares of the company’s stock valued at $126,086,000 after buying an additional 6,140,745 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. acquired a new stake in shares of Square during the third quarter valued at about $62,843,000. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Square by 139.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 4,051,436 shares of the company’s stock valued at $47,240,000 after buying an additional 2,358,483 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in shares of Square by 3,618.0% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 3,891,838 shares of the company’s stock valued at $45,379,000 after buying an additional 3,787,163 shares in the last quarter. 26.73% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Square Company Profile Square, Inc enables payment processing, and also offers financial and marketing services. The Company provides sellers various tools to start, run, manage and grow their businesses. It serves sellers of all sizes, ranging from a single vendor at a farmers’ market to multinational businesses. It serves as a payment service provider, acting as the touch point for the seller to the rest of the payment chain. Receive News & Ratings for Square Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Square Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 1/28 Trump Order Barring Refugees Sparks Protests, Praise 1/28 Updated Trump visa ban also applies to citizens with dual nationality: State Department 1/28 Here's why tech giants want to keep content cheap 1/28 Does Jaguar’s new sedan live up to the brand’s legacy? 1/28 Updated Trump says immigration ban ‘working out very nicely,’ while ACLU, others file lawsuit 1/28 Why Trump’s golf courses in Scotland are just like Carrier’s plant in Mexico 1/28 Updated 12 detained at New York airport under refugee ban 1/28 Updated Trump and Putin discuss fighting terrorism on the phone 1/28 Calexit movement gets a go-ahead 1/28 Updated How do I find my late father’s will when my stepmother is blocking the way? 1/28 Updated Here are the safest airlines to fly in 2017 1/28 Updated This is how much the White House is worth in 2017 1/28 Updated Fund that almost tripled the S&P 500’s gain last year is now big on health-care stocks 1/28 Updated This fund manager is finding profits in the wreckage of corporate Europe 1/28 Updated 10 ‘Dividend Aristocrat’ stocks expected to rise up to 22% as you get paid to wait 1/28 Updated The 10 cheapest, fastest-growing and most beloved Dow stocks 1/28 Updated Iran calls Trump’s order ‘an obvious insult to the Islamic world’ 1/28 Updated Weekend roundup: Dow 20,000 | Trump and your investments | How companies confuse you with ‘earnings’ 1/28 Updated This explains why Donald Trump calls his loyal supporters the ‘forgotten people’ 1/28 Updated This chart shows how Republicans and Democrats feel about their money right now Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts U.S. stock futures slip as investors brace for earnings, Trump inauguration By Barbara Kollmeyer Published: Jan 16, 2017 1:02 p.m. ET Share Regular trading closed for Martin Luther King Jr. holiday Reuters Brexit worries threaten the week for investors By BarbaraKollmeyer Markets reporter U.S. stock futures eased Monday as investors shied away from global equities in favor of perceived safe-haven assets such as gold and the Japanese yen and fresh concerns over Brexit hit the pound. In holiday-thinned trading, there was also increasing nervousness ahead of Friday’s inauguration speech from President-elect Donald Trump. Dow Jones Industrial Average futures YMH7, -0.18%  fell 45 points, or 0.2%, to 19,787, while S&P 500 futures ESH7, -0.19%  slipped 5.25 points, or 0.2%, to 2,267.25. Nasdaq-100 NQH7, +0.34%  futures dropped 5.5 points to 5,053.50. Regular trading for U.S. financial markets is closed on Monday in observance of the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday. On Friday, U.S. stocks finished a lackluster week largely in the red, the Dow industrials DJIA, -0.04%  finishing 0.4% lower and the S&P 500 SPX, -0.09%  easing 0.1%. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +0.10%  rose 1% for the week, after finishing at 5,574.12 for its sixth all-time closing high in seven sessions. European stocks SXXP, -0.30%  were lower across the board on Monday, though the FTSE 100 UKX, +0.32%  was holding up slightly better as a sharp slide in the British pound supported exporters. Brexit worries resurface: Sterling fell more than 1% against the dollar GBPUSD, -0.3731% and hit a low of $1.1987 on Sunday as investors fretted about the prospect of a “hard Brexit,” in which U.K. businesses lose access to the single European market. British Prime Minister Theresa May is scheduled to give a speech Tuesday in which she is expected to lay out the government’s plans for the U.K.’s exit from the European Union. Last summer’s Brexit vote was followed by a drop of more than 18% for the pound against the dollar. Jitters in the buildup to that speech pushed investors into the perceived safe haven of the Japanese yen, which rallied across the board, and gold GCG7, +0.10% which rose to an 8-week high. Against the yen USDJPY, +0.52% the dollar fell to ¥114.03 versus ¥114.51 late Friday. Gold rose $7.20, or 0.6%, to $1.203.40 an ounce U.S. data this week will includes consumer prices and housing starts, while Trump’s speech on Inauguration Day will command attention Friday. Investors are looking for more clues on his pro-growth agenda. Plenty of Federal Reserve officials will speak this week, including two appearances by Chairwoman Janet Yellen. Read: Volatility options trading indicates stocks are in for a wild ride in February Ringling Bros. Circus to close after 146 years in business(1:04) The curtain will come down on the Ringling Bros. Circus forever in May, according to its owners. A mix of factors including low ticket sales, high operating costs, and ongoing conflicts with animal-rights groups contributed to the decision. Stocks to watch: Expectations for financial stocks are high after upbeat results from J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, +0.21%  on Friday. Read: Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going Auto makers could be in focus Tuesday after Trump tweeted Sunday that car companies will need to “start making things” in the U.S. again if they want to do business in the country. will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 15, 2017 In Germany, car maker Daimler AG DAI, -1.03%  fell 1.7% after Trump said in an interview with Bild that Germany is “unfair” in its auto trade with the U.S., describing it as a “one-way street.” Some heavy-hitting companies will report later this week. UnitedHealth Group Inc. UNH, +0.15% and Morgan Stanley MS, -0.39%  on Tuesday, and then Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, -1.10% Citigroup Inc. C, -0.44%  and Netflix Inc. NFLX, +2.51% on Wednesday, to name a few. Other markets: Oil prices US:CLG7  turned lower. Yen strength weighed on the Nikkei 225 index NIK, +0.34% which closed nearly 1% lower, with most of Asian markets also suffering losses on the day. More from MarketWatch What Happens if President Trump Makes Changes to Nafta? First Lady Fashion in the Melania Trump Era Trump Talks Up Tax Cuts, Slashing Regulations Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References YMH7 -36.00 -0.18% ESH7 -4.25 -0.19% NQH7 +17.25 +0.34% DJIA -7.13 -0.04% SPX -1.99 -0.09% COMP +5.61 +0.10% SXXP -1.12 -0.30% UKX +23.00 +0.32% GBPUSD -0.0047 -0.3731% GCG7 +1.20 +0.10% USDJPY +0.60 +0.52% JPM +0.18 +0.21% DAI -0.74 -1.03% UNH +0.24 +0.15% MS -0.17 -0.39% GS -2.63 -1.10% C -0.25 -0.44% NFLX +3.49 +2.51% NIK +65.01 +0.34% Show all references Most Popular Why Trump’s golf courses in Scotland are just like Carrier’s plant in Mexico Trump visa ban also applies to citizens with dual nationality: State Department Serena Williams beats sister Venus to win record 23rd Grand Slam title Apple earnings: iPhone 7 could break streak of shrinking sales These 85 stocks are now on a ‘buy’ list as Donald Trump takes office Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. MarketWatch Partner Center Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found E-Mini Dow Mar 2017 U.S.: CBOT: YMH7 20,015.00 -36.00 (-0.18%) Volume 76785 Open 20,051 High 20,073 Low 20,005 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A E-Mini S&P 500 Future - Electronic Mar 2017 U.S.: CME: ESH7 2,289.75 -4.25 (-0.19%) Volume 935.6K Open 2,294 High 2,297 Low 2,287 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A E-Mini Nasdaq 100 Index - Electronic Mar 2017 U.S.: CME: NQH7 5,165.00 +17.25 (+0.34%) Volume 138.3K Open 5,144 High 5,168 Low 5,139 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,093.78 -7.13 (-0.04%) Volume 343.1M Open 20,103 High 20,116 Low 20,073 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,294.69 -1.99 (-0.09%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,299 High 2,299 Low 2,292 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,660.78 +5.61 (+0.10%) Volume 0 Open 5,665 High 5,667 Low 5,644 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 366.38 -1.12 (-0.30%) Volume 0 Open 367.14 High 367.19 Low 365.35 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A FTSE 100 Index GBP FTSE Indices: UKX 7,184.49 +23.00 (+0.32%) Volume 0 Open 7,161 High 7,185 Low 7,151 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A British Pound Tullett Prebon: GBPUSD 1.2549 -0.0047 (-0.3731%) Volume 0 Open 1.26 High 1.26 Low 1.25 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Feb 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCG7 $1,191.00 +1.20 (+0.10%) Volume 226.4K Open $1,189 High $1,191 Low $1,180 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Japanese Yen Tullett Prebon: USDJPY 115.13 +0.60 (+0.52%) Volume 0 Open 114.53 High 115.37 Low 114.39 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $86.93 +0.18 (+0.21%) Volume 12.3M Open $86.66 High $86.98 Low $86.27 P/E Ratio 14.04 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 311.1B Daimler AG Germany: Frankfurt: DAI €70.71 -0.74 (-1.03%) Volume 28281 Open €71.26 High €71.54 Low €70.40 P/E Ratio 9.24 Div Yield 4.6 Market Cap 75.7B UnitedHealth Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: UNH $162.99 +0.24 (+0.15%) Volume 3.0M Open $163.50 High $163.80 Low $162.62 P/E Ratio 21.82 Div Yield 1.53 Market Cap 155.1B Morgan Stanley U.S.: NYSE: MS $43.65 -0.17 (-0.39%) Volume 7.6M Open $43.75 High $43.95 Low $43.56 P/E Ratio 14.95 Div Yield 1.83 Market Cap 80.8B Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $236.95 -2.63 (-1.10%) Volume 3.2M Open $236.90 High $237.97 Low $236.01 P/E Ratio 14.48 Div Yield 1.1 Market Cap 94.2B Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $57.11 -0.25 (-0.44%) Volume 16.9M Open $57.39 High $57.41 Low $56.72 P/E Ratio 12.09 Div Yield 1.12 Market Cap 162.8B Netflix Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: NFLX $142.45 +3.49 (+2.51%) Volume 8.2M Open $139.46 High $142.49 Low $139.00 P/E Ratio 339.17 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 61.1B : () NIKKEI 225 Index Nikkei Idx: NIK 19,467.40 +65.01 (+0.34%) Volume 0 Open 19,454 High 19,487 Low 19,404 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Canon Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 Canon, Inc. (CAJ) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Canon, Inc. (NYSE:CAJ) from a hold rating to a strong-buy rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. The firm currently has $33.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, “Canon, Inc. is an industry leader in professional and consumer imaging equipment and information systems. Canon’s extensive product line enables businesses and consumers worldwide to capture, store and distribute visual information. Canon products include full-color as well as black and white copiers; color laser printers; facsimile machines; micrographics and optical disk filing systems; word processors, typewriters and calculators; camcorders, and lenses; semiconductor, broadcast and optical equipment; and other specialized industrial products. “ Other research analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. TheStreet downgraded shares of Canon from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 1st. J P Morgan Chase & Co downgraded shares of Canon from a neutral rating to an underweight rating in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. CLSA upgraded shares of Canon from an underperform rating to an outperform rating in a research report on Friday, November 25th. Finally, Bank of America Corporation downgraded shares of Canon from a neutral rating to an underperform rating in a research report on Thursday, October 27th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating, one has assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. Canon currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $33.00. Canon (NYSE:CAJ) opened at 29.03 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $28.92 and its 200 day moving average is $28.66. The firm has a market capitalization of $31.70 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.04 and a beta of 0.57. Canon has a 12 month low of $26.60 and a 12 month high of $30.93. WARNING: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/canon-inc-caj-upgraded-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Boston Advisors LLC increased its position in Canon by 0.4% in the third quarter. Boston Advisors LLC now owns 12,113 shares of the company’s stock worth $352,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the last quarter. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC increased its stake in shares of Canon by 2.0% in the second quarter. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC now owns 10,058 shares of the company’s stock valued at $288,000 after buying an additional 198 shares in the last quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. increased its stake in shares of Canon by 0.4% in the third quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 61,801 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,794,000 after buying an additional 253 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of Canon by 2.5% in the second quarter. State Street Corp now owns 12,370 shares of the company’s stock valued at $354,000 after buying an additional 300 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Canon by 0.9% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 38,886 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,113,000 after buying an additional 333 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 1.52% of the company’s stock. About Canon Canon Inc (Canon) is a manufacturer of office multifunction devices (MFDs), plain paper copying machines, laser printers, inkjet printers, cameras and lithography equipment. Canon sells its products principally under the Canon brand name and through sales subsidiaries. Each of these subsidiaries is responsible for marketing and distribution to retail dealers in an assigned territory. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Canon (CAJ) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Canon Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Western Refining Logistics LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Western Refining Logistics LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News WesBanco, Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.65 Per Share (WSBC) National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Western Refining Logistics, LP (WNRL) Downgraded by Wells Fargo & Company January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wells Fargo & Company cut shares of Western Refining Logistics, LP (NYSE:WNRL) from an outperform rating to a market perform rating in a research report sent to investors on Wednesday morning. WNRL has been the subject of several other reports. Deutsche Bank AG reduced their price target on Western Refining Logistics, from $26.00 to $25.00 and set a hold rating for the company in a research report on Monday, October 10th. Credit Suisse Group reiterated an outperform rating and set a $31.00 price target (up from $27.00) on shares of Western Refining Logistics, in a research report on Monday, September 19th. Barclays PLC reduced their price target on Western Refining Logistics, from $28.00 to $26.00 and set an equal weight rating for the company in a research report on Monday, September 26th. Zacks Investment Research cut Western Refining Logistics, from a hold rating to a strong sell rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Finally, TheStreet upgraded Western Refining Logistics, from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report on Monday, October 10th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating, four have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $29.29. Western Refining Logistics, (NYSE:WNRL) opened at 21.80 on Wednesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $20.82 and its 200-day moving average price is $22.69. The company has a market capitalization of $1.33 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.71 and a beta of 0.80. Western Refining Logistics, has a 52-week low of $17.35 and a 52-week high of $26.58. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Western Refining Logistics, LP (WNRL) Downgraded by Wells Fargo & Company” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/western-refining-logistics-lp-wnrl-downgraded-by-wells-fargo-company.html. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Global X Management Co. LLC boosted its stake in Western Refining Logistics, by 5.9% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 4,837 shares of the company’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 270 shares during the period. US Bancorp DE boosted its stake in Western Refining Logistics, by 2.2% in the second quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 15,640 shares of the company’s stock worth $410,000 after buying an additional 334 shares during the period. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in Western Refining Logistics, by 3.1% in the second quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 74,299 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,946,000 after buying an additional 2,248 shares during the period. NBW Capital LLC boosted its stake in Western Refining Logistics, by 1.9% in the third quarter. NBW Capital LLC now owns 353,808 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,201,000 after buying an additional 6,589 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Western Refining Logistics, by 1,198.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 7,816 shares of the company’s stock worth $181,000 after buying an additional 7,214 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 63.87% of the company’s stock. Western Refining Logistics, Company Profile Western Refining Logistics, LP owns, operates, develops, and acquires logistics and related assets and businesses to include terminals, storage tanks, pipelines and other logistics assets related to the terminaling, transportation, storage and distribution of crude oil and refined products. The Company’s segments are the logistics segment and the wholesale segment. Receive News & Ratings for Western Refining Logistics LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Western Refining Logistics LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanchez Energy Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanchez Energy Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Cuts Position in Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (ACHC) Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Usca Ria LLC Has $1,607,000 Position in Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Baker BROS. Advisors LP Invests $3,612,000 in Stemline Therapeutics, Inc. (STML) Baker BROS. Advisors LP Invests $10,878,000 in MacroGenics, Inc. (MGNX) Baker BROS. Advisors LP Invests $11,430,000 in Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Capital International Sarl Has $2,213,000 Stake in Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Capital International Sarl Holds Position in Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (APC) National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) Insider Selling: Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) Chairman Sells $718,385.10 in Stock January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Sanchez Energy Corporation (NYSE:SN) Chairman Antonio R. Sanchez, Jr. sold 82,573 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.70, for a total transaction of $718,385.10. Following the transaction, the chairman now owns 1,661,236 shares in the company, valued at $14,452,753.20. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Sanchez Energy Corporation (NYSE:SN) opened at 11.24 on Monday. Sanchez Energy Corporation has a 52 week low of $2.06 and a 52 week high of $11.63. The company’s market capitalization is $665.70 million. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $9.09 and its 200 day moving average is $7.93. Sanchez Energy Corporation (NYSE:SN) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday, November 7th. The company reported ($1.19) EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.03 by $1.22. The company earned $114.81 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $133.94 million. Sanchez Energy Corporation’s revenue for the quarter was up .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted ($7.33) earnings per share. Analysts predict that Sanchez Energy Corporation will post ($0.04) EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Insider Selling: Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) Chairman Sells $718,385.10 in Stock” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/insider-selling-sanchez-energy-corporation-sn-chairman-sells-718385-10-in-stock.html. SN has been the topic of a number of research reports. Credit Suisse Group downgraded shares of Sanchez Energy Corporation from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their target price for the company from $10.00 to $8.00 in a research report on Thursday, October 13th. Canaccord Genuity set a $11.00 price target on shares of Sanchez Energy Corporation and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Sanchez Energy Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 11th. RBC Capital Markets reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $11.00 price target on shares of Sanchez Energy Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, FBR & Co reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $10.00 price target (down from $12.00) on shares of Sanchez Energy Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, November 8th. Ten investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $8.35. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of SN. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in Sanchez Energy Corporation by 28.0% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,401,736 shares of the company’s stock worth $31,076,000 after buying an additional 961,712 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Sanchez Energy Corporation by 315,100.0% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,046,464 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,388,000 after buying an additional 1,046,132 shares in the last quarter. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. raised its position in Sanchez Energy Corporation by 141.7% in the second quarter. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. now owns 119,900 shares of the company’s stock worth $847,000 after buying an additional 70,300 shares in the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its position in Sanchez Energy Corporation by 58.6% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 772,110 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,452,000 after buying an additional 285,183 shares in the last quarter. Finally, State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System raised its position in Sanchez Energy Corporation by 3.1% in the second quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 35,830 shares of the company’s stock worth $253,000 after buying an additional 1,093 shares in the last quarter. 60.64% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Sanchez Energy Corporation Company Profile Sanchez Energy Corporation is an independent exploration and production company. The Company is focused on the acquisition and development of unconventional oil and natural gas resources in the onshore United States Gulf Coast. The Company focuses on the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas and the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale (TMS) in Mississippi and Louisiana. Receive News & Ratings for Sanchez Energy Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanchez Energy Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals NI travel Video Podcasts Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business World Sunday 29 January 2017 Sterling falls in Asia over hard Brexit fears Wayne Cole Published 16/01/2017 | 06:48 0 Comments Share Sterling falls in Asia over hard Brexit fears Independent.ie Sterling slid to three-month lows in Asia on Monday with investors spooked anew by concerns over Britain's divorce from the European Union, while US policy uncertainty lingered ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration. http://www.independent.ie/business/world/sterling-falls-in-asia-over-hard-brexit-fears-35370472.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35370471.ece/a49bd/AUTOCROP/h342/Stock%20markets Email Traders work at their desks in front of the German share price index, DAX board, at the stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany, January 4, 2017. REUTERS/Staff/Remote Sterling slid to three-month lows in Asia on Monday with investors spooked anew by concerns over Britain's divorce from the European Union, while US policy uncertainty lingered ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration. Share Sterling falls in Asia over hard Brexit fears Independent.ie Sterling slid to three-month lows in Asia on Monday with investors spooked anew by concerns over Britain's divorce from the European Union, while US policy uncertainty lingered ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration. http://www.independent.ie/business/world/sterling-falls-in-asia-over-hard-brexit-fears-35370472.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35370471.ece/a49bd/AUTOCROP/h342/Stock%20markets Email Go To Comments Regional share markets were hesitant. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan eased 0.5pc, Japan's Nikkei lost 0.6pc and Shanghai shed 1.4pc. Spread betters pointed to likely opening gains for UK shares, but a drop for German equities. All the early action was in currencies where the pound sank as low as $1.1983, depths not seen since the flash crash of October, having finished around $1.2175 in New York on Friday. It was last down 1.2pc at $1.2032. Dealers said the market was reacting in part to a report in the Sunday Times that UK Prime Minister Theresa May will use a speech on Tuesday to signal plans for a "hard Brexit", quitting the EU's single market to regain control of Britain's borders. Investors have been worried such a decisive break from the single market would hurt British exports and drive foreign investment out of the country. "It is impossible to say by how much a hard Brexit could weaken GBP, but we do not believe that a further 5-10pc depreciation should be regarded as an extreme scenario when set aside the UK's high dependence on foreign capital," wrote analysts at JPMorgan in a note. The flight from sterling benefited the safe-haven Japanese yen, with the pound down 1.5pc to 137.34 yen while the US dollar dipped to 114.17 Against a basket of currencies, the dollar was up 0.3pc at 101.510. The euro pared initial losses to stand at $1.0611. Reuters Follow @Indobusiness Read More Struggling Abercrombie slashes jobs  Lindsey Rupp and Nick Turner Abercrombie & Fitch, facing sluggish shopping mall traffic and a shift to fast-fashion brands, is eliminating about 150 corporate jobs after years of struggling to turn around the chain. American Airlines hit by wages  Mary Schlangenstein American Airlines shares slumped by the biggest margin in five months on Friday as higher labour costs are set to hinder profit. Glanbia's Michigan milk plant will churn out up to 3.6m litres daily  Dan White Glanbia's $400m US expansion will consolidate its position as the largest producer of American-style cheddar cheese and add over one billion litres to its US milk pool. Recommended Videos from Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Tesco in 'bold' €4.3bn move to buy UK food wholesaler Booker  World Johnson & Johnson in €28bn deal for Swiss biotech firm  World CityJet to pay up to $434m for new jets and buys Denmark's Cimber  World Oscar-nominated director Asghar Farhadi unable to attend Academy Awards because of...  Movie News KGB chief linked to Trump file found dead amid Kremlin cover up claims  Europe 'It's not a Muslim ban...it's working out nicely,' says Trump as detained refugees sue  North America Many Clouds collapses and dies just moments after beating Thistlecrack in Cheltenham...  Horse Racing WATCH: What happens when you apply the brakes at -20°?  Have You Seen Taoiseach forced into embarrassing u-turn over Sinn Fein coalition comments UN agencies call on Trump to allow refugees entry as passengers with valid visas 'barred from US flights' KGB chief linked to Trump file found dead amid Kremlin cover up claims Social media helps gardai prevent mass city street brawl Promoted articles Editors Choice Also in Business American Airlines hit by wages American Airlines shares slumped by the biggest margin in five months on Friday as higher labour costs are set to hinder... Struggling Abercrombie slashes jobs Abercrombie & Fitch, facing sluggish shopping mall traffic and a shift to fast-fashion... Glanbia's Michigan milk plant will churn out up to 3.6m litres daily Glanbia's $400m US expansion will consolidate its position... American's business gets classier as the bin war rages back in economy Interviewed on these pages last week, Emirates Airlines'... Shareholders 'losing patience' with Aryzta and Owen Killian Investor patience with Aryzta has been wearing thin for some time. Last week it reached... Richard Curran: The Trump bull run on Wall Street may well end in tears The performance of the Dow Jones seems to be the primary... Davy's 'outliers' for this year include China-US trade war A trade war between the US and China and the return of the Cold War are among Davy... 2017: A year in which we must turn threats into opportunities 2016 was certainly a year in which... Dearbhail McDonald: High hopes we can celebrate Chinese New Year with... Is the Wild Atlantic Way about to cede to the allure of the... Tight-lipped McGann urged to 'stamp authority' on Aryzta Aryzta's new chairman Gary McGann has been urged to "stamp his authority and defend... How better animal husbandry can make a herd more profitable VIDEO: How Much Is Your House Worth? Ireland's most comprehensive survey of prices shows calm in the capital, heated... VIDEO: Facebook takes fake news ' very seriously' Nicola Mendelsohn, Facebook's Vice President for Europe, the Middle East and... VIDEO: Russia releases silver Trump commemorative coin A Russian company has issued silver coins with Donald Trump's face on them to... VIDEO - May: Maintaining common travel area with Ireland a priority 'The family ties and bonds of affection that... VIDEO: Take a first look at the brand new Nintendo Switch Some lucky gamers get first dibs on the new Nintendo Switch console before it... VIDEO: Revealed - Which is better? Cows milk or almond milk? VIDEO: Donald Trump's top five Twitter feuds Following his latest online spat with Meryl Streep, take a look back at... VIDEO: iPhone marks 10th anniversary The iPhone, the device that redefined the mobile phone and has helped make... VIDEO: Record airlift of thoroughbreds from Ireland to China as 76 animals airlifted from Shannon Press Photographer Association of Ireland (PPAI) awards - winning pictures Press Photographer of the Year 2017 Gerry Mooney - A Portfolio In pictures: Shakira and Forest Whitaker attend annual World Economic Forum (WEF) From magic mirrors to kissing robots - the best from the world's biggest tech show Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day Instagram's most popular accounts - in pictures Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 goes up in flames during lab test in terrifying new pictures Ploughing Championship 2016 Every iPhone ranked: from worst to best By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals NI travel Video Podcasts Search Go
Toggle navigation FxPips News Bitcoin News Commodities News Company News CryptoCurrency News Economic Indicators News Forex News Litecoin News Market News Stock Market News Technology News World News Bitcoin Technical Analysis Fundamental Analysis Reports Technical Analysis Reports Education Trade Setups Forex Brokers Binary Brokers Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Charts Bitcoin eBook Bitcoin News Bitcoin News Widget Bitcoin Technical Analysis Live Charts Signals Calendar / Market News / News / Stock News / Market News Weekend Recap – Top 20 NYSE Most Active Shares Market News Weekend Recap – Top 20 NYSE Most Active Shares posted by Chris Miranda on January 16, 2017 at 5:53 am Market News Weekend Recap – Top 20 NYSE Most Active Shares 1 Bank of America (NYSE: BAC) last traded on 158,651,523 share volume and closed at $23.01 up 0.09 percent. 2 WPX Energy (NYSE: WPX) last traded on 54,595,577 share volume and closed at $13.72 down -0.06 percent. 3 Wells Fargo (NYSE: WFC) last traded on 36,155,199 share volume and closed at $55.31 up 0.81 percent. 4 Rite Aid (NYSE: RAD) last traded on 34,243,411 share volume and closed at $8.66 down -0.04 percent. 5 Freeport-McMoRan (NYSE: FCX) last traded on 33,535,293 share volume and closed at $15.19 down -0.08 percent. 6 FMC Technologies (NYSE: FTI) last traded on 33,087,835 share volume and closed at $35.85 down -0.15 percent. 7 Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (NYSE: FCAU) last traded on 31,859,862 share volume and closed at $9.73 down -0.22 percent. 8 Vale ADR (NYSE: VALE) last traded on 31,301,735 share volume and closed at $9.58 up 0.14 percent. 9 Ford Motor (NYSE: F) last traded on 28,902,214 share volume and closed at $12.63 up 0.04 percent. 10 JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM) last traded on 27,391,220 share volume and closed at $86.70 up 0.46 percent. 11 J.C. Penney (NYSE: JCP) last traded on 26,482,250 share volume and closed at $6.76 down -0.18 percent. 12 Regions Financial (NYSE: RF) last traded on 26,293,186 share volume and closed at $14.68 up 0.25 percent. 13 General Electric (NYSE: GE) last traded on 23,361,365 share volume and closed at $31.36 down -0.03 percent. 14 Chesapeake Energy (NYSE: CHK) last traded on 20,928,165 share volume and closed at $6.92 down -0.01 percent. 15 Citigroup (NYSE: C) last traded on 20,771,358 share volume and closed at $59.63 up 0.40 percent. 16 Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) last traded on 19,219,401 share volume and closed at $32.52 down -0.08 percent. 17 Infosys ADR (NYSE: INFY) last traded on 18,212,733 share volume and closed at $14.50 down -0.75 percent. 18 Pandora Media (NYSE: P) last traded on 17,283,717 share volume and closed at $12.76 up 0.76 percent. 19 Ambev ADR (NYSE: ABEV) last traded on 17,281,442 share volume and closed at $5.31 up 0.06 percent. 20 AK Steel Holding (NYSE: AKS) last traded on 17,257,906 share volume and closed at $9.71 down -0.16 percent. About Chris Miranda Chris writes mostly about the latest in the stock market, finance, tech and business. View all posts by Chris Miranda → Top Forex Brokers Top Binary Brokers 1 Trade 24 Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 2 Trading Banks Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 3 NSFX Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 1 OptioNow Real Account Read Reviews 2 Optionrally 24 Real Account Read Reviews Follow Us Newsletter Signup Popular Posts Zcash, the New Cryptocurrency, Makes “Deafening” Entry, Threatens Bitcoin, Ethereum Company Earnings Report, as of Nov. 4, 2016 Composite Leading Pct Declining Stocks, Jan. 10 Global Forex Pairs Trading – Europe & Americas, as of 2:25 a.m. Eastern After Hours Overview: Stocks Gapping Up – NVTR, GTXI, HCHC, GNCA, CEB, CTIC, KOOL Advertisement ABOUT US CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISE SITEMAP PARTNERS © 2017 FxPips.com. All rights reserved. Risk Disclaimer: Trading foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to trade foreign exchange you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts. × Read previous post: MARKET News – Here’s a Quick Look at The Market’s Major Indexes MARKET News - Major Stock Indexes Overview DJIA traded at 19885.73 at the close down 5.27 percent. DJ Transportation Average...Close
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 29, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Developing JUDGE STAYS TRUMP REFUGEE BAN Partial Suspension Allows Scores Stuck at Airports to Stay By MICHAEL D. SHEAR, NICHOLAS KULISH and ALAN FEUER 11:17 PM ET A federal judge in Brooklyn issued an emergency stay of part of President Trump’s executive order on immigration, ruling that sending refugees and others back would cause “irreparable harm.” Lawyers for the A.C.L.U., which filed the lawsuit, said the decision affects an estimated 100 to 200 people.  Comments Judge Who Blocked Order Praised for ‘Firm Moral Compass’ 1:18 AM ET The Immigration Order, Annotated Are you affected by President Trump’s executive order on immigration — or know someone who is? If you have information, please contact us: immigration@nytimes.com. News Analysis Ban Is Unlikely to Reduce Threat By SCOTT SHANE The unintended consequence of Mr. Trump’s directive, many experts believe, is that it will make the risk worse. Video by DAPHNE RUSTOW and AINARA TIEFENTHÄLER. Photo by Victor J. Blue for The New York Times   J.F.K. Airport Protest Came ‘Out of Nowhere’ By ELI ROSENBERG 11:17 PM ET Word of the demonstration filtered out from immigrant-advocacy groups and then got a big push from Michael Moore. Disbelief for Refugees Almost in the U.S. By ROD NORDLAND, JOE COCHRANE and PATRICK KINGSLEY Refugees who had already made it through the vetting procedure to be resettled in the United States reacted with disbelief to Mr. Trump’s ban. Sports Officials Fear a Fallout in International Arena A Welcome for Syrians Who Arrived Just in Time By JODI KANTOR Volunteers from an Illinois synagogue gathered to greet one of the last Syrian refugee families to be accepted in the United States with the warmest possible welcome. Far-Right Media Stokes Fear of Muslim Refugees ‘How Do I Get Back Home?’ Visa Ban May Keep Iranian Director From Oscars Trump and Putin Talk, but Not About U.S. Sanctions By PETER BAKER and ANDREW E. KRAMER 10:31 PM ET Mr. Trump spoke by phone with Russia’s leader, in what the new administration called a “significant start to improving the relationship” between the two countries. Unreality Show Echoes Trump’s Business Past By DAVID BARSTOW As a businessman and candidate, Mr. Trump often made dubious statements, but even jaded political veterans have been astonished by his false claims since he took office. Taliban Tap New Income Stream: Bills for Afghan Utilities By MUJIB MASHAL and NAJIM RAHIM As militants have taken over increasingly large areas in the past two years, they have found ways beyond the illicit drug trade to make money. American Is Accused of Aiding ISIS With Gift Cards By ERIC LICHTBLAU The prosecution of Nick Young offers a revealing look at the F.B.I.’s shadowy attempts to identify possible Islamic extremists, an effort President Trump has vowed to intensify. Many Japanese Look for a Shift to Female Heirs to the Throne By MOTOKO RICH As the governing party considers allowing Emperor Akihito to retire, many in the public believe the law should be permanently changed to admit women as heirs to the throne. The Daily 360 1:30 How to Make a Chinese Lantern Sarah Li /The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix Turning an Apartment’s Quirks Into Assets By MICHELLE HIGGINS Apartments in the city often have issues that can turn off a potential buyer. Here’s what you can do about it. 11 Reasons to Buy a Rotisserie Chicken NYT Cooking Reason 1: You don’t have to cook it. Reasons 2-11 are recipes. Veterans Pay the Cost for U.S. Nuclear Tests By DAVE PHILIPPS Between 1977 and 1980, roughly 4,000 service members helped clean up Enewetak Atoll from nuclear tests. Many now have ailments they think result from the work, but the government won’t provide health care. John Hurt, Actor Who Vanished Into Roles, Dies at 77 By BRUCE WEBER Mr. Hurt was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of the title role in the 1980 film “The Elephant Man,” and gained fame as the first victim of the chest-bursting monster in “Alien.” Watch: His Most Memorable Roles 11:57 PM A Tribute to the Apollo 1 Disaster, and the End of an Era By LILY KOPPEL Families of astronauts and fans of space travel gathered at Cape Canaveral for what may have been the last memorial for three astronauts who were killed during a routine training mission. Ten Centuries Later, a Pope and Knights Do Battle By JASON HOROWITZ A Vatican rift has spilled into the Knights of Malta, a sovereign order. Freemasons, beware. Serena Williams Wins Australian Open, Breaking Record By CHRISTOPHER CLAREY With her 23rd Grand Slam singles championship, Serena Williams broke Steffi Graf’s record for most major wins in the Open era and reclaimed the top world ranking. Federer and Nadal Breathe New Life Into Old Classic One-Man Traffic Jam Will Hit City When Trump Visits By SARAH MASLIN NIR The prolonged protection of a president and his glass and steel home in the heart of Manhattan will be a new challenge even for the Secret Service. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. How to Act Drunk, With Richard Roxburgh Mr. Roxburgh stars as Mikhail in “The Present,” a Chekhov adaptation that floats along on a vodka tide, at the Ethel Barrymore Theater. Two Boys Lose, and Find, Themselves in Cricket In Aravind Adiga’s new novel, “Selection Day,” the game of cricket may pull two boys out of India’s slums. No Escaping Politics at the Sundance Film Festival While the event says it champions artists, not politics, its array of films affirms its decidedly diverse identity. Sunday Review Live From the White House, It’s Trump TV By DEREK THOMPSON The president has begun to broadcast his alternative reality.  Comments Editorial: Can Donald Trump Handle the Truth? Trump’s Muslim Ban Is Cowardly and Dangerous By THE EDITORIAL BOARD History has its eyes on Trump officials and members of Congress who know better, but are staying silent. Op-Ed: Trump’s Policy on Immigration Is Illegal Kristof: My Refugee Family How My Mom Learned to Love Her Son By TENNESSEE JONES When I transitioned, she couldn’t look at me without crying. Then we both changed.  Comments Bruni: A Sisterly ‘No’ to Donald Trump Douthat: The Fog of Trump Dowd: Wild Child in Charge User Subscriptions Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Times Insider » Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads An Iraqi Family Split by the Vicissitudes of Asylum Though theirs is an immigrant success story in some respects, with sons working and one owning a business, Maha al-Obaidi grieves that half her family remains half a world away. Seeking a Fresh Start Without Limitations Job loss left a family struggling to pay expenses and turning to public assistance while searching for the right educational environment for a child entering kindergarten. A Door to a Home Brimming With Love, and Open to All Sandra Parker, inspired by her own upbringing, has welcomed the task of raising several of her grandchildren, stepping up when her children could not. ‘To Hell and Back’ as a Cancer Survivor, Storm Victim and Caregiver DeBraan Varvaro, 61, provides care for her younger sister, who is a paranoid schizophrenic. Their financial and health problems worsened after Hurricane Sandy. Earning a Degree, and Her Daughters’ Admiration Latisha Hopewell, a Neediest Cases beneficiary, became the first in her family to earn a college degree. She also motivated her two daughters. After Escape From Syria, Another Dangerous Foe: Diabetes A Neediest Cases beneficiary agency tries to help bridge a health care gap for a young refugee in Jordan, far from home. Stepping Out of the Ring While Rolling With the Punches Joanna Acevedo, 22, had to quit boxing and postpone her dreams to care for her daughter, who was born with a rare condition that has affected her eyesight. After Retirement, Finding a ‘Second Career’ as a Volunteer There are 2,500 volunteers in the Retired and Senior Volunteer Program, working with 350 nonprofits and helping people manage their finances and apply for public assistance. Dangers Behind and Uncertainties Ahead, but Together at Last Eleven years after they last saw their mother, José and Juan Rivera left El Salvador to join her in the United States, where new challenges awaited them. Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. Hungry and Ill in a Country Plundered by Boko Haram A family struggles to get adequate health care and sustenance in Nigeria. From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Book Review Roxane Gay: By the Book Opinion Gray Matter: The Normalization Trap Our minds tend to blur what’s typical with what’s acceptable. Movies The Oscar Redemption Narrative Style The Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Sunday Review Letters: College Success, for All Television Barbara Hale, ‘Perry Mason’ Actress, Dies Music Japandroids: Shriek-Along Punk Sunday Review One Country, Two Tribes Sabrina Tavernise spent 15 years covering political conflicts overseas. Now she sees the same kinds of angry divisions tearing at America. Book Review How Mormon Women Embraced Polygamy Art & Design Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89 Sunday Review How My Mom Learned to Love Her Son Theater From the Stage, Warnings About Complacency Sections World » Ten Centuries Later, a Pope and Knights Do Battle Taliban, Collecting Bills for Afghan Utilities, Tap New Revenue Sources In Canada, Justin Trudeau Says Refugees Are Welcome Business Day » One Certainty of Trump’s Wall: Big Money Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans In America’s Heartland, Discussing Climate Change Without Saying ‘Climate Change’ Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Mexico’s Forceful Resistance Editorial: The Voter Fraud Fantasy Gail Collins: The Trump War on Public Schools U.S. » Judge Blocks Trump Order on Refugees Amid Chaos and Outcry Worldwide Iraqi Immigrant, Caught in a Trump Policy Tangle, Is Allowed to Stay Warm Welcome for Syrians in a Country About to Ban Them Technology » Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans Alphabet’s Profits Stay Predictably Good in a Volatile Industry Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note Arts » Seth Meyers Confronts the Trump Era on ‘Late Night’ Trump’s Visa Ban May Keep Nominated Iranian Director From Attending Oscars John Hurt, British Actor Hailed for His Shape-Shifting Roles, Dies at 77 Politics » Trump’s Plan to Fight ISIS Includes Calling It by That Name Trump and Putin Connect, but Avoid Talk of Lifting U.S. Sanctions Trump Toughens Some Facets of Lobbying Ban and Weakens Others Fashion & Style » Circa Now: These Booths Are Made For Talking: Soothers Hit the Streets Encounters: Even the Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Gets Stage Fright The Complete Guide to New York Fashion Week: Men’s Movies » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Trump’s Visa Ban May Keep Nominated Iranian Director From Attending Oscars Watch John Hurt in His Most Memorable Roles New York » Protest Grows ‘Out of Nowhere’ at Kennedy Airport After Iraqis Are Detained Judge Blocks Trump Order on Refugees Amid Chaos and Outcry Worldwide Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street Sports » Trump’s Immigration Order Could Have a Big Impact on Sports Serena Williams Beats Venus Williams to Win Her 7th Australian Open Title Arrogate Spoils California Chrome’s Last Race, at Pegasus World Cup Theater » ‘Hamilton’ Is Coming to the Super Bowl Bryan Cranston to Play Howard Beale on Stage in ‘Network’ Review: Hungarians Bare Their Dark Side in ‘Our Secrets’ Science » Hydrogen Squeezed Into a Metal, Possibly Solid, Harvard Physicists Say A Genetic Fix to Put the Taste Back in Tomatoes New Prospects for Growing Human Replacement Organs in Animals Obituaries » John Hurt, British Actor Hailed for His Shape-Shifting Roles, Dies at 77 Barbara Hale, Who Played Perry Mason’s Loyal Secretary, Dies at 94 Arthur Rosenfeld, Zealous Champion of Energy Efficiency, Dies at 90 Television » ‘Making It on My Own,’ With Mary Tyler Moore as a Guide Mary Tyler Moore, Who Incarnated the Modern Woman on TV, Dies at 80 Review: ‘Z,’ Hardly the Last Word on the Fitzgeralds Health » Trump’s Pick for Health Secretary Under Scrutiny for Investments The New Old Age: Nursing Home Residents Gain New Protections Travelers With Nut Allergies Clash With Airlines Travel » Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Santiago, Chile Footsteps: The London of London’s Mayor Books » Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Critic's Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a 2017 Must-Read Nonfiction: Emmett Till’s Murder: What Really Happened That Day in the Store? Education » Canada Beckons International Students With a Path to Citizenship A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders Food » City Kitchen: Sun-Kissed Citrus Salad for the Dead of Winter Hungry City: Filipino Food With Subtlety, and a Splash of 7Up, at F.O.B. U.S. Team Wins Bocuse d’Or Competition for First Time Sunday Review » Opinion: Live From the White House, It’s Trump TV Editorial: Donald Trump’s Muslim Ban Is Cowardly and Dangerous Frank Bruni: A Sisterly ‘No’ to Donald Trump Real Estate » 360 View: Harry Macklowe on New York Real Estate Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years Shopping Guide: Shopping for Folding Chairs The Upshot » Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Tax Policy: How to Interpret the Trump Administration’s Latest Signals on Mexico The 2016 Race: Illegal Voting Claims, and Why They Don’t Hold Up Magazine » Feature: ‘The Only Way We Can Fight Back Is to Excel’ Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? Feature: John Edgar Wideman Against the World Automobiles » Your Money: How to Buy a Used Car in an Age of Widespread Recalls Driven: Video Review: The 2017 Honda CR-V Stays True to Its Mainstream Roots Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note T Magazine » Couture Shows: Maison Margiela and Valentino My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Cass Bird What Does ‘Couture’ Actually Mean? Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! Talk to The Times: Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Insider Podcasts: Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Real Estate » What I Love A Theater Actor Finds a Place for All His Props By JOANNE KAUFMAN For Max von Essen, owning an apartment in New York was the first step. Then came the furnishings and the renovations — one for every show. More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us א' שבט תשע"ז   |   Friday, January 27, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Business Briefs – January 15, 2017 Business Briefs – January 15, 2017 Sunday, January 15, 2017 at 10:00 pm | י"ז טבת תשע"ז Millennials Are Falling Behind Their Boomer Parents SOUTH MILWAUKEE, Wisconsin (AP) – Baby Boomers: your millennial children are worse off than you. Millennials earn 20 percent less than boomers did at the same stage of life, despite being better educated, according to a new analysis of Federal Reserve data by the advocacy group Young Invincibles. The analysis being released Friday gives concrete details about a troubling generational divide that helps to explain much of the anxiety that defined the 2016 election. Millennials have half the net worth of boomers. Their home ownership rate is lower, while their student debt is drastically higher. Takata Agrees to Guilty Plea, Will Pay $1b for Hiding Defect DETROIT (AP) – Takata Corp. has agreed to plead guilty to a single criminal charge and will pay $1 billion in fines and restitution for a years-long scheme to conceal a deadly defect in its automotive air bag inflators. The U.S. Attorney’s Office in Detroit announced the deal Friday, hours after it unsealed a grand jury indictment against three former Takata executives accused of executing the scheme. Takata inflators can explode with too much force, spewing shrapnel into automobiles. At least 11 people have been killed in the U.S. and 16 worldwide because of the defect. More than 180 have been injured. More Pay, Greater Confidence Lifts U.S. Retail Sales 0.6 Pct. WASHINGTON (AP) – Americans stepped up their auto buying and online shopping in December, reflecting a boost in confidence after the election and a solid increase in pay. Retail sales rose a seasonally adjusted 0.6 percent, following a small 0.2 percent gain in November, the Commerce Department said Friday. Excluding autos and gas, retail sales overall were flat. Some economists were disappointed by that figure and said it suggested that many consumers remain cautious. Bank of America Tops 4Q Profit Forecasts NEW YORK (AP) — Bank of America’s fourth-quarter profit jumped 47 percent as the nation’s largest consumer bank benefited from higher interest rates and lower expenses. The bank said it earned a profit of $4.34 billion after payments to preferred shareholders, or 40 cents per share, up from $2.95 billion, or 27 cents a share, in the same period a year earlier. The results topped analysts’ expectations, who were looking for 38 cents per share, according to FactSet. Like many consumer banks, BofA struggled to grow profits for the last several years due to record low interest rates. Now that the Federal Reserve has started increasing rates, BofA can charge more for loans. JP Morgan Chase Beats Earnings Forecasts NEW YORK (AP) – JPMorgan Chase & Co. said its fourth quarter profit rose 24 percent from a year earlier, helped by higher interest rates and strong results from its trading operations. The nation’s largest bank by assets said it earned $6.73 billion, or $1.71 per share, compared with a profit of $5.43 billion, or $1.32 per share, in the same period a year ago. The results beat analysts’ forecast of $1.42 per share. The results included a tax benefit of $475 million. Toyota Adds 543,000 Vehicles to Takata Air-Bag Recalls TOKYO (AP) – Toyota Motor Corp. says it is recalling another 543,000 vehicles in the U.S. for defective front passenger air bag inflators made by Japan’s Takata Corp. Takata is at the center of a massive recall of inflators that can explode in a crash, spewing metal shrapnel inside the vehicles. Toyota said Friday that the recall includes various models of sedans and SUVs made between 2006 and 2012. Among those recalled are the 2008-2009 Scion xB; 2009 and 2012 Corolla and Corolla Matrix, 2007-2009 and 2012 Toyota Yaris, 2012 4Runner and Sienna and various versions of Lexus made between 2006 and 2012. Print Email Gmail Related Business Briefs – October 27, 2016 Business Briefs – January 10, 2017 Business Briefs – January 12, 2017 Business Briefs – January 4, 2017 Business Briefs – January 9, 2017 More in Business Chevron’s First Loss in Decades Signals Hard Time for Oil Giants U.S. Stock Indexes Edge Lower in Morning Trading; Oil Slides Economic Growth Stumbled in 4Q, Closing Weakest Year German Prosecutors Widen Volkswagen Emissions Probe Asian Shares Drift in Thin Trade as Markets Watch Trump OP-ED Song of the Frogs Worried About NATO? Here Are Three Things to Watch This GOP Tax Plan Really Will Help Middle Class The Head That Didn’t Roll Perceiving the Good Drowning in Waste Accepting Transition Time to Lower Expectations Bubbles The Question of Statistics Trump’s First 50 Days Are Decisive Trump’s Inaugural Address Sounded Just Like Obama’s — With One Crucial Difference Inauguration Boycotters Were Misguided Rejoicing in His Heart Features Why Wine? So That You’ll Know Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav צדיק כתמר יפרח Nichum Aveilim 29 Teves/January 27 Sudoku – January 27, 2017 Editorial Cartoon – January 27, 2017 First Week in Office This Day In History 29 Teves/January 27 Editorial Cartoon – January 26, 2017 Bad Location Sudoku – January 26, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 28 Teves/January 26 Pickled Pink Weather » Brooklyn 39°F Overcast See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,660.78 +5.61 (+0.10%) S&P 500 2,294.69 -1.99 (-0.09%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9347 GBP 0.7969 ILS 3.7729 CHF 0.9991 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Syria's Suffering Families Columbine: 15 Years Later TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Tech Tech News Gadgets Internet Security Innovation Mobile Tech Jan 11 2017, 1:45 pm ET Amazon Prime Now Even Has Its Own Credit Card by Alyssa Newcomb Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement Spend a lot of time shopping on Amazon? You may want to listen up. Amazon Prime, the members-only club that costs $99 a year, is rolling out the company's first-ever cashback credit card, offering customers 5 percent back on all Amazon purchases. The Amazon Prime Visa card offers 5 percent back on Amazon purchases; 2 percent at restaurants, gas stations, and drugstores; and 1 percent back on everything else. Amazon Related: Alexa is the Word as Amazon's AI Comes to More Devices The offering is another way to add "even more value to Prime," Max Bardon, a vice president at Amazon, said in a statement. Prime customers who already have an Amazon rewards card will be upgraded to the new card, said Amazon. The new card, named the Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Signature Card, is issued by JPMorgan Chase. It comes with no yearly fee and offers annual percentage rates of between 14.74 percent and 22.74 percent, depending on credit history. In addition to 5 percent back on Amazon purchases, members get 2 percent at restaurants, gas stations, and drugstores; and 1 percent back on everything else. Alyssa Newcomb Twitter Email Topics Tech News, Business News First Published Jan 11 2017, 1:45 pm ET Next Story Silicon Valley Leaders Slam Trump Refugee Restrictions, Offer Employees Legal Aid advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet World Week Ahead: Focus on Yellen, Trump 11:31 January 16, 2017ArticleComments Off on World Week Ahead: Focus on Yellen, Trump Article – BusinessDesk Jan. 16 (BusinessDesk) – Two speeches by Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen, the inauguration of US President Donald Trump and a slew of corporate earnings including from Morgan Stanley and Citigroup will draw the focus in the coming days.Monday 16 January 2017 08:24 AM World Week Ahead: Focus on Yellen, Trump By Margreet Dietz Jan. 16 (BusinessDesk) – Two speeches by Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen, the inauguration of US President Donald Trump and a slew of corporate earnings including from Morgan Stanley and Citigroup will draw the focus in the coming days. US financial markets are closed today Martin Luther King Jr Day. Before the swearing in of Trump on Friday, Yellen is scheduled to speak on Wednesday and again on Thursday and will be closely watched for any hints on the pace of interest rate increases this year. Last Friday offered fresh evidence of US economic strength with the latest reports showing retail sales and producer prices gained in December. “This is not the picture of an economy that requires the support of the central bank’s policymakers,” Chris Rupkey, chief economist at MUFG Union Bank in New York, told Reuters. “We expect Fed officials to keep with their promise to raise rates two or three times this year.” Other Fed officials set to speak this week include William Dudley, Lael Brainard and John Williams on Tuesday, Neel Kashkari on Wednesday, and Patrick Harker on Friday. The latest US economic data slated for release this week include the Empire State manufacturing survey, due Tuesday; consumer price index, industrial production, housing market index as well as the Fed’s Beige Book, due Wednesday; and housing starts, weekly jobless claims, and the Philadelphia Fed business outlook survey, due Thursday. Last week, the Dow Jones Industrial Average slid 0.4 percent and the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index slipped 0.1 percent. However, the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 1 percent to close at a record high on Friday. Overall, Wall Street languished last week after Trump failed to offer any specifics on his pro-growth agenda. “Since Trump was elected expectations were set very high,” Andrzej Pioch, a money manager at Legal & General Investment Management in London, told Bloomberg. “Now we need to see some evidence in the hard data to support that. We expect the earnings to be modestly up but a lot of positive news is already priced in.” Last Friday bank stocks lifted on better-than-expected quarterly earnings from JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Wells Fargo. Banks set to report results this week include Morgan Stanley and Citigroup. “Results are likely to be good and the outlook is going to be positive so there’s room for further gains,” John Praveen, chief investment strategist at Prudential International Investments Advisers in Newark, New Jersey, told Reuters. A Bloomberg survey showed that fourth-quarter earnings per share for the S&P 500 as a whole are expected to rise 3.7 percent, slightly outpaced by banks, which are expected to post an increase of 3.8 percent. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index advanced 1 percent on Friday, helping it post a 0.1 percent increase for the week. The FTSE 100 edged higher to yet another closing high. Oil prices will take their cue from indications of compliance from major producers with their agreement to cut output as of the start of the year. “Compliance won’t be 100 percent, it never is,” said an OPEC source, who added that an overall rate of 50 to 60 percent would be good enough, based on past compliance levels, Reuters reported. (BusinessDesk) ends Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url  Print This Post Tweet     Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Spark broadband services restored, some residual issues Spark mobile and broadband are now being restored Excise regulations better for alcohol producers Comments on US Economic Data Measles alert for Singapore flight passengers Taumarunui, Ohakune and Raetihi in line for UFB Record Infrastructure Investment Drives UK Recruitment Opposition parties feign support for Pike River families MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares rise, led by Vista NZ dollar little changed Tax take and journalism win if merger allowed Liquidators freeze Hansa director’s assets ASX-listed Stream sells NZ insurance claims unit NZ Binxi won’t budge on $2.20 takeover price for Blue Sky Ngā Uruora – Kāpiti Project Successfully Crowdfunds Webcam Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Brisbane Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Brisbane Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Brisbane Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All Queensland National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News WA News AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Sailing News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map John Birmingham That Thinking Feeling The Hermit Sisters in Law Movies Music TV & Radio Art Stage Books Your Brisbane Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets Live Live Save Print Markets Live: BHP hits 17-month high Jens Meyer Contact via Email Follow on Twitter facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Shares trade higher, buoyed by miners on the back of soaring iron ore futures as well as the big banks, following a solid lead from Wall Street after banks reported surprisingly strong profit growth. Fuelling the rises in local mining stocks, iron ore futures in China have jumped another 7.4 per cent DUET shares soar after the company recommends a takeover offer from a Cheung Kong led consortium NAB follows ANZ in hiking fixed-rate mortgage rates again, with investors being hit hardest Kogan.com shares jump after the online retailer sets the scene for another upgrade to 2017 earnings The pound slumps on reports PM Theresa May will call for a hard Brexit in a landmark speech tomorrow Live updates Sort posts by Newest Oldest 3:36pm on 16 Jan 2017 That's all for today - thanks for reading this blog and posting your comments. We'll be back tomorrow from 9am. Have a good evening. 3:34pm on 16 Jan 2017 Soaring iron ore futures lit a fire underneath mining stocks, which combined with solid buying in the banks saw the local sharemarket defy the regional trend to climb steadily higher. Investors took their positive cue from the United States, which has just kicked off its earnings season with some strong profit growth in imajor banks.  The benchmark S&P/ASX200 Index and the broader All Ordinaries Index each rose 0.4 per cent to 5748 points and 5803 points respectively.  However, investors failed to push the benchmark index above 5750, suggesting minds were looking ahead to a big week of political news, such as Theresa May's impending Brexit speech on Tuesday and Donald Trump's inauguration on Friday.  "There's a sense of hesitation among investors as we enter another week that is full of high-impact events," said Gary Huxtable, client adviser at Atlantic Pacific Securities. "A lot of things are happening this week both on the political and economic front, and these must be playing on investors' mind at the moment." Stronger commodity prices saw mining giant BHP Billiton's stock rocket to a 17-month high, closing up 1.9 per cent to $26.77. Main rival Rio Tinto also had a solid day, up 1.5 per cent, while Fortescue Metal enjoyed a 3.3 per cent surge.  The big four banks traded moderately higher, following gains in their US peers on Friday and as news broke that National Australia Bank and ANZ both hiked fixed-rate mortgages again.  3:04pm on 16 Jan 2017 Australian banks, which begin reporting in February, are likely to keep growing at a slower pace than their US peers, as lending growth remains constrained, with limited expansion in interest margins and some bad debts on the books. "There are still headwinds for the banks, but generally they'll be okay," says Paul Taylor, portfolio manager of the Fidelity Australian Equities fund. "There's not a lot of growth, maybe mid-single digit growth, but investors will see that as a reasonable job." In a note to clients, Deutsche Bank suggests Australia's major banks are now cheaper than a selection of offshore banks, excluding Asia and UK banks, on a 12 month forward per-share basis. "Overall they provide a much better forward yield," says Andrew Triggs, research analyst at Deutsche Bank. Triggs and his team calculate the average 12 month forward dividend yield for the big four banks is 5.5 per cent, well below the five-year average of 6.2 per cent. "On a relative basis the sector still looks attractive against other interest-rate sensitive sectors," he says. 2:54pm on 16 Jan 2017 Donald Trump has repeatedly made waves with emphatic tweets and striking statements, but Japan's former currency chief is more surprised by what the President-elect isn't talking about: the yen. "What's amazing is that he hasn't said anything about the yen," Tatsuo Yamasaki, a former vice finance minister for international affairs, said in an interview. "Last year Yellen was saying that the dollar's effective rate was up 20 per cent, and it was holding back exports, weighing on profits, and holding down inflation." The yen has weakened about 8 per cent since Trump's win in November and is down about 26 per cent since Prime Minister Shinzo Abe came to power in late December 2012. Trump has not shied away from bringing up foreign exchange in the past, including promising during the campaign to label China a currency manipulator as soon as he took office. He has also been vocal on trade, vowing to withdraw the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations and singling out China, Mexico and Japan at his press conference on Wednesday. "We have hundreds of billions of dollars of losses on a yearly basis – hundreds of billions with China on trade and trade imbalance, with Japan, with Mexico, with just about everybody. We don't make good deals anymore," Trump said in New York last week. Although Trump did comment on the yen and manipulation in 2015 during the primary, there has been little on the subject from him since that has been noticed by those in Japanese policy circles, like Yamasaki. The yen has weakened about 8 per cent since Trump's election. Photo: SHIZUO KAMBAYASHI 2:28pm on 16 Jan 2017 Believe it or not, the ASX is the only sharemarket across the region posting a gain today - mainly thanks to higher commodity prices boosting local miners. The Nikkei is down 1.1 per cent, the Hang Seng has lost 1 per cent, Korea's Kospi has fallen 0.5 per cent and the Shanghai Composite is slumping 1.4 per cent. Traders say investors are hesitant to bet on rising shares ahead of Donald Trump's inauguration on Friday. "The market is showing greater reluctance to push on with reflation-type trades without more details of proposed fiscal spending plans and the economic data to back it up," said analysts at ANZ in a research note. "It looks as though more than just reasonable data will be needed to see yields and the US dollar push higher again. Some decent positive surprises may be necessary for the market to gain conviction." Asian markets are waiting anxiously to see if Trump makes good on a campaign pledge to brand Beijing a currency manipulator on his first day in office, and starts to follow up on a threat to slap high tariffs on Chinese goods. Analysts fret that the spectre of deteriorating US-China trade and political ties is likely to weigh on the confidence of exporters and investors worldwide. Trump told the Wall Street Journal he will not label China a currency manipulator on his first day in office on Friday, as he had pledged during the election campaign. "I would talk to them first," he said. "Certainly they are manipulators. But I'm not looking to do that." But he made plain his displeasure with China's currency practices. "Instead of saying, 'We're devaluating our currency,' they say, 'Oh, our currency is dropping.' It's not dropping. They're doing it on purpose," he said, according to the Journal.Back to top 1:50pm on 16 Jan 2017 The Australian dollar has lost a bit of ground against the greenback, falling back below US75¢, but it's hit two-month highs against a depressed pound on growing fears of a "hard Brexit". The Aussie is fetching 62.18 pence, up 1.4 per cent following a 3.3 per cent gain last week, as well as US74.69¢, down 0.4 per cent. The pound was hammered on reports UK Prime Minister Theresa May will use a speech on Tuesday to signal plans for a "hard Brexit", fuelling worries about the British economy. With so much attention on the pound, the currency took a back seat to its US counterpart, following recent hefty gains. It leapt 2.7 per cent last week, the strongest performance since March last year, following a shakeout in bullish US dollar positions. Boosting the Aussie is strength in iron ore prices, with futures traded in China jumping nearly 8 per cent to their highest in three years. That was the sixth consecutive session of gains. "Commodity prices and the weaker greenback have helped the Australian dollar higher in recent weeks, but it will likely be Trump's first few days in office which will make or break the current bullish sentiment for AUD," said ThinkMarkets senior market analyst Matt Simpson. "If Trump hits the ground running and appears on track to implement protectionist policies, then we expect commodity currencies to remain under pressure and send AUD lower."  Here's more on why it's unlikely the Aussie will hit US80¢ anytime soon, despite looking cheap on a fair value basis. The Aussie looks cheap based on a fair value model. Photo: Westpac 1:35pm on 16 Jan 2017 Fuelling the rises in local mining stocks, iron ore futures in China have jumped another 7.4 per cent to 654 yuan ($US95), extending last week's 11 per cent rally. The main driver last week was China's move to shut production of low-grade steel products by the end of June, as it tackles both overcapacity and chronic smog. Demand for the steelmaking raw material has been quite stable, traders said, with Chinese mills still favouring high-grade material to cope with costly coal prices. "Steel mills' profits are still ok so they would like to use better grade material," said a trader in Beijing. "Mills also need to buy some stocks to prepare for the long Spring Festival holiday." The sharp price increases in steel and iron ore, as well as other raw materials coking coal and coke, suggest speculative investors took advantage of upbeat sentiment for the sector to raise bets in these commodities as they did last year. "There has been an improvement in sentiment since last week and I think there are more speculative" forces at play, said Wang Di, analyst at CRU consultancy in Beijing. Iron ore and steel futures are among the most heavily traded commodities in Chinese markets and saw wild swings last year that forced China's exchanges to impose higher transaction fees and other measures to stem speculative activity. Copper prices are als extending last week's jump on the back of strong economic data from the United States and China, but gains are more moderate. Customs figures on Friday showed China shipped in a record 4.95 million tonnes of copper in 2016, while US data revealed broad retail sales in that country climbed in December. "Copper is still building on last week's momentum," said a commodity trader in Perth. "It's well supported. The gains we see today might not be astronomical, but the sentiment is strong." Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange rose 0.1 per cent to $US5917 tonne, after advanced more than 5 per cent last week. The most-traded copper contract on the Shanghai Futures Exchange was up 1.4 per cent at 48,220 yuan ($US6996) a tonne. Meanwhile, London nickel eased 0.7 per cent to $US10,375 a tonne, reversing some of Friday's unexpected 1.7 per cent gain after Indonesia eased a ban on exports of nickel ores. Traders said they were worried that the country's abrupt easing of a three-year ban on such exports would drag on prices for the metal, despite assurances over the weekend from top Indonesian mining officials that the step would not flood the global market with supply. Iron ore futures are on a tear. Photo: Ian Waldie 1:18pm on 16 Jan 2017 Sharemarket volatility has been remarkably low considering all the political uncertainty, with the VIX hitting a new 2017 intraday low on Friday, but Societe Generale points out that the relative calm in equities doesn't extend to other asset classes. Bond markets are much moire volatile and in particular the forex market's volatility has spiked, catapulting the ratio between implied volatility on the S&P500 and FX to a historic high, Michala Marcussen points out. One explanation on the fundamental side is the recent batch of upside surprises to economic data, she says. "It is also noteworthy just how narrow the consensus amongst economists remains on the G5, with the notable expectation of the UK. More likely, equity markets are putting their faith in a batch of new "puts" and not least the "Trump put". Given the long list of political events to come, however, this picture seems all too smooth."  Among the 'risk events' this week, Prime Minister May is due to set out her Brexit plan on Tuesday and, Friday Donald Trump takes office, while next Sunday, the French vote in the first round of the left wing primaries. Finally, on the data front, China will publish fourth-quarter GDP numbers along with a gaggle of other economic data, including industrial production and retail sales on Friday. 12:31pm on 16 Jan 2017 Hong Kong's richest man, Li Ka-Shing, is betting on a less hostile reception from the federal government towards his second stab at investing in Australia's energy infrastructure over the past year, the AFR's Michael Smith writes: Cheung Kong Infrastructure Holdings (CKI), the infrastructure giant controlled by Ka-Shing, has firmed up its $7.4 billion bid for DUET Group's electricity and gas distribution networks in Victoria and Western Australia following a relatively short due diligence period. While the Treasurer Scott Morrison rejected CKI's bid for Ausgrid last year, it is safe to assume Ka-Shing and his partners are more confident of getting the DUET deal through the Foreign Investment Review Board (FIRB) process. The political noise around Chinese foreign investment, which hit almost hysterical levels around the time of the Ausgrid rejection last August, has died down and DUET's assets are less sensitive than Ausgrid which owns critical power and communication services. CKI was outraged at the time for being lumped in the same camp as Chinese state-owned enterprises like State Grid, which was also knocked back. The move, which upset the New South Wales government's budget plans, raised concerns about the opaque nature of the government's foreign investment policy. Here's more at the AFR Treasurer Scott Morrison rejected CKI's bid for Ausgrid last year.  Photo: Alex Ellinghausen 12:19pm on 16 Jan 2017 Kogan.com shares have jumped after the online retailer set the scene for another upgrade to 2017 earnings forecasts after trading beat management expectations in the December-half. Shares are up 8 per cent at $1.61, but still below the $1.80 issue price. Kogan.com founder Ruslan Kogan said that trading in the second quarter had exceeded forecasts made in November, when the company upgraded its full-year earnings guidance from $6.9 million in the prospectus to between $8 million and $9 million before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation. Earnings in the six months ending December had exceeded the original full-year prospectus forecast, buoyed by strong sales and cashflows and improved margins. Despite the stronger than expected pre-Christmas trade, Kogan stopped short of issuing his second earnings upgrade in three months, saying the results were yet to be audited. The company finished the December quarter with cash of $26.5 million compared with $31.7 million at the end of the September quarter. Inventories rose from $28.3 million at the end of September to $41.8 million at the end of December, with stock in warehouses almost doubling to $32.3 million. Ruslan Kogan has fuelled expectations of an earnings upgrade.  Back to top 12:05pm on 16 Jan 2017 The UK government is drawing up plans to try to reassure investors amid expectations that Prime Minister Theresa May's long-awaited blueprint for a hard Brexit will cause more market turmoil, according to two people familiar with the situation. Government officials expect sterling to take another hit when May sets out her vision for leaving the bloc in a speech on Tuesday, and the Treasury is preparing to speak to major banks in London to try to smooth the reaction, said the people, who declined to be named as the plans aren't public. While Treasury officials often reach out to banks to explain policy, it's unusual for the prime minister's office to anticipate a bad market reaction, they said. The pound has dropped steeply against the US dollar and other currencies, after four UK newspapers reported on Sunday that May would outline moves for a hard, clean break from the European Union's 27 other member states. Sterling tumbled as much as 1.6 per cent in early trading to below $US1.20 for the first time since the so-called flash crash in October. It's since steadied a bit and is trading back above $US1.20, still down more than 1 per cent. The UK government is said to be preparing to talk to major banks to smooth the reaction to May's speech tomorrow.  Photo: AP 11:29am on 16 Jan 2017 Here's a midday recap of the action so far: shares have bounced as miners rejoice on higher metals prices, with the benchmark metal index soaring to its highest in more than two years. Basic material stocks outperformed thanks to strong copper prices that hit a five-week peak on Friday, while aluminium jumped to its highest in nearly 20 months, after solid economic data from top metals consumer China and the United States fuelled optimism about metals demand. The metal index rose as much as 1.8 per cent, with heavyweights BHP hitting its highest in 17 months, and Rio Tinto rising as much as 2 per cent. Smaller iron-ore miner Fortescue has risen 2 per cent and wis among the top gainers. The gold index touched a two-month high, with shares of gold producer Newcrest Mining up 2.7 per cent, and Evolution Mining adding 2.3 per cent. The yellow-metal was up on Friday, after the US dollar weakened and US Treasury yields came off their highs. It's extended gains in Asian trade, rising as high as $US1205 an ounce and is currently at $US1201. Financials are also supporting the benchmark with the 'big 4' banks rising between 0.1 per cent (NAB) and 0.6 per cent (Westpac). "We saw good profit results from big US banks on Friday, which helped the Australian bank stocks," said Ric Spooner, chief market strategist with CMC Markets, adding that markets are waiting for clarity on US President-elect Donald Trump's policies and their impact on bond yields, as rising bond yields could help bank stocks. Shares of energy firm DUET Group have jumped as much as 5.4 per cent, their highest in more than 8 years after it recommended a takeover offer from a consortium led by Hong Kong's Cheung Kong Infrastructure Holdings. Oil stocks are underperforming as weaker prices weigh on the sector. Crude prices fell on Friday and ended the week 3 per cent lower on lingering doubts over the extent of OPEC cuts. Oil Search has shed 0.8 per cent, while Caltex Australia is down 0.5 per cent. 10:58am on 16 Jan 2017 Latest rumblings indicate Trump is quite serious about a US border tax, which is intended to encourage US-based production and discourage imports. The good news for investors in Aussie stocks is that, according to Citi, the sales exposure of the local market to the US is only roughly 8 per cent. On top of that, most companies with strong exposure to the US have significant American production (eg James Hardie), meaning they are likely to avoid any punitive taxes. The bad news is that healthcare stocks such as CSL, ResMed, Cochlear, Ansell and Fischer & Paykel Healthcare are the most vulnerable as they export to the US. "Those investors concerned about the direction of US policy should look within markets or sectors which are less exposed to the US," says Citi strategist Tobias Levkovich, citing Australia, certain eurozone countries and even Japan as relatively less exposed. Of course, a border tax might not actually happen, with Levkovich giving it a 30-50 per cent chance, adding that even if it does happen it's likely to be watered down by industry exceptions. Sharemarket sales exposure to North America - sector and region Photo: Citi 10:26am on 16 Jan 2017 The missing ingredient of the economic recovery in Australia - and most developed markets - has been wages growth butt with commodities prices rallying again there are hopes we could see wages gaining some traction this year. "The historical correlation with commodity prices suggests that wages growth should lift sharply in 2017," says CBA economist Kristina Clifton. But before anyone gets carried away, Clifton adds that she expect and only modest lift, because CBA like many other economists reckons the latest run up in commodity prices will be only temporary. "Our commodity analysts are expecting bulk commodity prices to ease in 2017. And the latest government budget update assumes a decline in prices later this year.  The mining companies must share a similar view with no significant plans as yet to invest to expand capacity."  This is vastly different from the previous commodities boom where mining investment ramped up strongly alongside rising prices, causing the labour market to tighten and put upward pressure on wages, she says. "This time around there is also a lot more spare capacity in the labour market to work through before significant wage pressures are likely to emerge." Nonetheless it a positive factor, she adds. " And another positive sign for wages growth and inflation in Australia is that global disinflationary pressures are easing." 10:05am on 16 Jan 2017 Looking to start a business in 2017? Stay away from apartment development and milk powder manufacturing.  According to research from IBISWorld, these industries, as well as mineral exploration, heavy industry and other non-building construction and grain growing, will suffer a decline in earnings this year.  Apartment development, heavy industry construction will have the biggest losses, suffering a 26 and 38 per cent decline in income respectively.  "Many of the industries likely to disappoint this year have performed strongly in recent years, but research suggests boom times for these industries are over, at least for the next 12 months," IBISWorld senior industry analyst Nathan Cloutman said. IBISWorld said apartment building revenue would contract to $19.3 billion in 2016-17.  Here's more at the AFR Back to top 9:47am on 16 Jan 2017 Two of the big banks have hiked fixed interest rates on home loans, and a senior banker at National Australia Bank says funding costs that drive variable interest rates "remain elevated." With all of the other major banks lifting fixed interest rates in recent months, NAB said today its two-year fixed rate for new loans would rise by 23 basis points to 3.98 per cent; the three-year fixed rate would go up up by 20 basis points to 4.09 per cent; and the four-year rate by 60 basis points to 4.59 per cent.  For investors, the rises were steeper (29 basis points for two-year, 40 basis points for three-year and 80 basis points for four-year fixed loans).  For owner occupiers, NAB kept its five-year fixed rate steady at 4.59 per cent and reduced by 10 basis points the fixed rate on 12 month loan to 3.89 per cent, which it says is the lowest ever one-year fixed rate it has offered.  NAB also said applications for fixed rate loans as a share of total applications had "more than doubled" in December compared to September. When borrowers take out fixed rate loans, banks finance them from capital markets. On Friday, ANZ increased rates on two-year loans by 23 basis points to 3.9 per cent, and three-year loans 4 per ent. ANZ reduced its four year fixed rate by 10 basis points to 4.74 per cent. The big four all raised variable interest rates for property investors in the lead-up to Christmas, but spared owner-occupiers who are a more politically sensitive group of customers. However, smaller banks have increased variable rates for owner-occupiers, and NAB's chief operating officer, Antony Cahill said the funding costs for variable loans remained above historical averages. NAB has lifted rates on fixed-term mortgages, and says applications for the loans have more than doubled. Photo: Greg McKenzie 9:25am on 16 Jan 2017 The ASX is off to a strong start, propped up by gains in the miners following rises in key commodity prices as well as the big banks after US earnings season began with a banking bang on Friday. The benchmark index is up 0.6 per cent at 5758, led by a 1.1 per cent rise in the materials sub-index. "Australian investors are likely to enjoy a better day as commodity prices are generally higher, supporting resource shares and adding positive weight to the short term outlook for the AUD," says CMC chief market strategist Michael McCarthy. BHP has added 1.3 per cent, remaining on a roll, Rio is up 1.6 per cent, while the big four banks have added between 0.3 per cent (CBA) and 0.7 per cent (ANZ). Bellamy's is reversing some of last week's big losses, up 3.5 per cent following three straight sessions in the red last week, which saw the shares fall 40 per cent.  Among the blue chip losers, CSL is edging back to the $100 mark, falling another 0.2 per cent. Reporting is also a feature of local trading this week, McCarthy adds. Whitehaven coal will report production numbers, and Transurban delivers traffic statistics today. Later in the week Rio, Paladin, Woodside and Sydney Airports will all report on activity. 9:01am on 16 Jan 2017 SPONSORED POST The event risk that investors need to navigate this week is huge, says IG's Chris Weston: That political risk comes in the form of Trump's inauguration speech, which promises to once again be one that we simply have to watch, but is likely to stop short of anything that gives more details on the fiscal timeline. UK PM Teresa May's speech on Tuesday is absolutely shaping up to be the markets highlight though and looking at the moves in GBP this morning we can see that for those who like volatility then the UK is where you want to look. GBP/USD has traded below $US1.2000 this morning, but the bigger moves are seen in GBP/JPY which has fallen 1.6%. GBP/AUD fell 3.5% last week and is trading just above $1.6000 in early trade and this remains my preference for trading GBP given we saw bulk commodities once again have a strong night on Friday (iron ore, steel and coking coal futures closed up 4.9%, 0.9% and 4.3% respectively). Keep an eye on iron ore futures this week though as we could be staring a break of the December highs of 650 and into blue sky territory, although copper also looks really bullish. This should support AUD/USD, which is threatening to break above $US0.7500 and I suspect it will stay above here in the week ahead if we do see a closing break. It will be interesting to watch the open of the FTSE 100 too as we could be staring at a 15th consecutive gain in the market. This is clearly a reflection of a weaker GBP given some 80% of company's source revenue from outside of the UK, but I am not sure we have reached a point of maximum euphoria, although the market internals at concerning levels (91% of stocks above their 50-day moving average). The market is now positioning for some fairly punchy rhetoric from Teresa May and this idea of "hard Brexit" and a clean break from the single market seems likely, in a bid to gain full control over immigration. Brexit minister David Davis also adding fuel to fire, with calls for a priority around negotiating 'third country' free trade deals, which by all accounts are very hard to achieve unless there is full separation. We also hear from the UK Supreme Court this week amid a market is starting to head towards a "hard Brexit" and the great unknown is upon us. Forget the run of good UK data, GBP is an out-and- out political currency (it has been for a while) and the prospect of volatility here is now very high. Aside from the political risk, we also get a number of key economic releases, including China Q4 GDP (expecting 6.7%) on Friday, US core CPI, Aussie employment and policy meetings from the ECB and Bank of Canada. Of course we also start seeing US Q4 earnings ramp up with 9% of the S&amp;P 500 market cap due to report, predominantly in the financials and industrials, although energy also gets a look. We also get a number of Fed speakers and global leaders speaking at Davos. As I said, the event risk is real. Here's more Play Video Replay Video Trump to be sworn in as 45th President All eyes are on the inauguration speech, where we know anything can happen. What will this mean for the âTrump tradeâ? (This video was produced in commercial partnership between Fairfax Media and IG Markets) 8:55am on 16 Jan 2017 Local banking stocks have been on a roll, rallying alongside their US peers following the US election. But will the good times continue? Global ratings agency Fitch doesn't think so and has revised its outlook on the Australian banking sector to negative, citing an increase in "macroeconomic risks" and slower profit growth. The report published today cited high household debt that was rising relative to disposable income. That made borrowers sensitive to changes in the labour market and interest rates.   Fitch also expects profit growth to slow in 2017 "reflecting low interest rates, slow asset growth, competition for assets and deposits, higher funding costs, and a rise in loan-impairment charges." A positive was improvements in cost management to be offset by increased investment in technology. The outlook related to the sector more broadly. The agency said that the rating outlook for the individual banks is stable but that an "ongoing rise in household debt and house-price growth heightens the banking system's sensitivities to a sharp correction if labour market conditions and interest rates were to change."   The agency also cited the risk of a worse than expected slowdown in China's growth that "would negatively impact Australia's economy given the countries' strong economic ties." The report highlights potential risks in the Australian banks as sharemarket investors re-embrace the nation's lenders that have experienced their sharpest rally in six years, gaining over 20 per cent since the November 9 election of Donald Trump in the United States. The renewed enthusiasm has been driven in part by expectations that new global banking rules will not require Australian banks to raise as much capital as initially expected. Fitch sees rising household debt as a risk for the banking sector. Photo: Paul Rovere 8:46am on 16 Jan 2017 In local corporate news, Hong Kong-based utilities giant Cheung Kong Infrastructure will push ahead with a $7.4 billion takeover of DUET Group after being given the nod of approval by the electricity and gas distribution network company's board. The board decided in favour of recommending the offer after squeezing a $3.03 per share price out of CKI, up from a prior offer of $3 per share. CKI, which is led by Hong Kong's richest man Li Ka-Shing, has been actively seeking to increase its Australian investments in recent years, paying $2.4 billion for the then-listed Envestra in 2014 and seeking to buy a 50.4 per cent stake in NSW's Ausgrid last year. However, its bid for Ausgrid was knocked back by Federal Treasurer Scott Morrison and the Foreign Investment Review Board. The DUET portfolio includes a stake in Victorian electricity distribution network United Energy, gas distributor Multinet and WA's Dampier to Bunbury Pipeline. Cheung Kong Infrastructure, which is led by Hong Kong's richest man, Li Ka-Shing, has been actively seeking to increase its Australian investments in recent years. Photo: Tomohiro Ohsumi Back to top Search pagination Current page Live Article Posts1 Next Live Article Posts2 Share via Email Post on facebook wall Share on Google Plus Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit 1 new post(s) available. View post(s) Dismiss Advertisement 146 comments Comment are now closed Sort comments by Oldest Newest HuffPost Australia How To Be Proactive Instead Of Reactive Contains: External link This Man Took Out A Bank Loan To Pay ... Contains: External link Most Popular Why I don't like self-service checkouts: retail CEO More than sugar to worry about in your lollies Trump travel ban causes business chaos Google recalls staff to U.S. after Trump immigration order Qantas winds back American Airlines deal, tries again for joint venture Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Brisbane Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business More than sugar to worry about in your lollies Qantas winds back American Airlines deal, tries again for joint venture Billionaire buddies optimistic for America's future with Trump as president Struggling supermarkets rely on beer, babies and smokes Why I don't like self-service checkouts: retail CEO Brisbane Times Man knocked out in one-punch attack at Gold Coast Donald Trump's sinister choice of Muslim ban countries More than sugar to worry about in your lollies Passengers detained on arrival as Trump's 'Muslim ban' kicks in Queensland's weirdest road rules you never knew existed The Sydney Morning Herald Donald Trump's sinister choice of Muslim ban countries Passengers detained on arrival as Trump's 'Muslim ban' kicks in White supremacist threatened to shoot up Central Coast shopping centre The suburbs with some of Sydney's longest and slowest commutes More than sugar to worry about in your lollies The Age Donald Trump's sinister choice of Muslim ban countries Passengers detained on arrival as Trump's 'Muslim ban' kicks in Three dead after failed 15-person river crossing in Northern Territory More than sugar to worry about in your lollies Man's body found at Chelsea beach Canberra Times Turnbull weakest and most indecisive prime minister since McMahon Two MPs run up $200,000 tab on private flights to work in Canberra White supremacist threatened to shoot up Central Coast shopping centre NT Aboriginal leader defends January 26 Australia Day Man dead after truck rolls over on Kings Highway WA Today Perth's unluckiest property? South Perth 'coffin' now a watery grave Police officer jumps out of helicopter to arrest teen armed car thief New contenders emerge for Perth's best backyard bar Passengers detained on arrival as Trump's 'Muslim ban' kicks in White supremacist threatened to shoot up Central Coast shopping centre Brisbane Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Brisbane Times Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Futures Now Futures Now Tutorials Blog Videos Jackie DeAngelis Disclaimer Overextended market creating a solid opportunity in gold, trader says Stephanie Landsman | @stephlandsman Sunday, 15 Jan 2017 | 5:03 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Gold to grind higher on uncertainty: Trader    Thursday, 12 Jan 2017 | 4:58 PM ET | 02:15 ‹ 02:15 Gold to grind higher on uncertainty: Trader    01/12/17 4:58 PM ET 01:35 Not enough evidence economy is back on feet: Trader    01/12/17 5:01 PM ET 01:20 The level gold ‘must’ hold to prevent prices from slipping    01/12/17 5:03 PM ET › Believe the Trump rally is losing its footing? You may want to explore investing in gold. Ambrosino Brothers Senior Vice President Todd Colvin, a trader who has worked on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange trading floor for more than 20 years, pointed out some key patterns that currently support owning gold. "Equities remain very elevated, and we're starting to see VIX call buying come in with both hands which suggests there's fear of a downside move," said Colvin on "Futures Now" last week. "We're looking at treasury yields creeping lower as well. So you've got everything kind of dynamically moving here," he said. "Gold is a good place to park some money until we start to see the dust settle." Last week, the Dow Jones Industrial Average came within a whisker of 20,000, a key psychological level, for the first time on December 13. Despite the index's failure to hit that milestone, the index has actually soared eight percent since the November presidential election. During that same period, gold prices have fallen more than six percent, a sign that the yellow metal might be poised to rebound. Bullion recently set an important bottom near $1130 per ounce, a level traders are now watching very closely. "This market is way, way oversold on the fact that everything is solved and the [Federal Reserve] is going to raise rates and the economy is back on its feet. I'd like to see some proof in this first quarter data before I write that off," he said. The latest earnings season kicked off Friday, with Bank Of America, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo reporting quarterly results. They were seen largely as a bullish sign for the economy. Yet it could still shape up to be a long season, as a new administration takes the helm at the White House. President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration is Friday, and the uncertainty surrounding which economic policies could be enacted is contributing to Colvin's case to own gold. "I think gold right now is a kind of wait and see place to be," he said. "Certainly, the Fed is going to have an influence, the dollar is going to have an influence—but ultimately all that is very over-hyped and I think the market needs to take a step back, and gold is a good place to watch from," Colvin added. Even though Colvin projects the precious metal should reach $1250 an ounce over the next 30 to 60 days, he is telling investors to be vigilant. "Right now we need to see a $1200 [an ounce] sustainable trade in gold," he said. "If we can't hold it, $1175 is your downside 'get me out' because if we get back down there, I think it starts to turn a little negative." Stephanie LandsmanProducer, CNBC’s "Fast Money" Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BAC --- GOLD --- Futures Now Ron Paul: Expect an economic ‘downturn’ under Trump Former Congressman Ron Paul believes that an economic downturn is on the way under Donald Trump. Trump rally isn't over, it just has 'indigestion': PNC's Stone Stocks may have struggled in the past two weeks, but one strategist predicts the rally will regain momentum. Why betting on oil is tricky proposition: RBC commodity chief Croft One RBC strategist sees tough times ahead for oil. From Trump rally to the Trump correction? More From Futures Now Market a bit over its skis, but a trader says this asset is creating a striking opportunity Trump will soon be begging the Fed for QE4: Marc Faber Why one trader believes the bull market is nearly done and a recession looms Here's what BlackRock calls a 'contrarian' way to profit in 2017 Yamada: The market has seen a 'valid breakout' that will lead to a new leg higher The reasons why oil won't put in a repeat performance of its 2016 gains: Analyst The strategist who cautioned investors about dot-com bubble in early 2000s, now sees this in 2017 Dennis Gartman gives his commodity plays for 2017 Why this 'bond vigilante' economist thinks Trump's government could mean 20 percent earnings growth This is a 1950s-style market and we could see another decade of gains: Bank of America Contact Futures Now Showtimes Watch Futures Now Tuesdays & Thursdays 1p ET exclusively on cnbc.com! iPad Users Watch Here! Jackie DeAngelis CNBC Reporter, Host "Futures Now" Anthony Grisanti President, GRZ Energy Inc. Jim Iuorio Managing Director, TJM Institutional Services Subscribe Like us on Facebook Sponsor Links Market Commentary CME Group brings buyers and sellers together through its CME Globex electronic trading platform and trading facilities in New York and Chicago. OpenMarkets Blog Click to learn more Take your trading to the next level with a platform that lets you trade stocks, options, futures and forex all in one place with no platform or data with no trade minimums. Open an account with TD Ameritrade and get up to $600 cash. To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business . World Week Ahead: Focus on Yellen, Trump Margreet Dietz Monday January 16, 2017 Share Play NBR radio on Two speeches by Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen, the inauguration of US President Donald Trump and a slew of corporate earnings including from Morgan Stanley and Citigroup will draw the focus in the coming days. US financial markets are closed today, Martin Luther King Jr Day. Before the swearing in of Trump on Friday, Yellen is scheduled to speak on Wednesday and again on Thursday and will be closely watched for any hints on the pace of interest rate increases this year. Last Friday offered fresh evidence of US economic strength with the latest reports showing retail sales and producer prices gained in December. "This is not the picture of an economy that requires the support of the central bank's policymakers," Chris Rupkey, chief economist at MUFG Union Bank in New York, told Reuters. "We expect Fed officials to keep with their promise to raise rates two or three times this year." Other Fed officials set to speak this week include William Dudley, Lael Brainard and John Williams on Tuesday, Neel Kashkari on Wednesday, and Patrick Harker on Friday. The latest US economic data slated for release this week include the Empire State manufacturing survey, due Tuesday; consumer price index, industrial production, housing market index as well as the Fed's Beige Book, due Wednesday; and housing starts, weekly jobless claims, and the Philadelphia Fed business outlook survey, due Thursday. Last week, the Dow Jones Industrial Average slid 0.4 percent and the Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 0.1 percent. However, the Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 1 percent to close at a record high on Friday. Overall, Wall Street languished last week after Trump failed to offer any specifics on his pro-growth agenda. "Since Trump was elected expectations were set very high," Andrzej Pioch, a money manager at Legal & General Investment Management in London, told Bloomberg. "Now we need to see some evidence in the hard data to support that. We expect the earnings to be modestly up but a lot of positive news is already priced in." Last Friday bank stocks lifted on better-than-expected quarterly earnings from JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Wells Fargo. Banks set to report results this week include Morgan Stanley and Citigroup. "Results are likely to be good and the outlook is going to be positive so there's room for further gains," John Praveen, chief investment strategist at Prudential International Investments Advisers in Newark, New Jersey, told Reuters. A Bloomberg survey showed that fourth-quarter earnings per share for the S&P 500 as a whole are expected to rise 3.7 percent, slightly outpaced by banks, which are expected to post an increase of 3.8 percent. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index advanced 1 percent on Friday, helping it post a 0.1 percent increase for the week. The FTSE 100 edged higher to yet another closing high. Oil prices will take their cue from indications of compliance from major producers with their agreement to cut output as of the start of the year. "Compliance won't be 100 percent, it never is," said an OPEC source, who added that an overall rate of 50 to 60 percent would be good enough, based on past compliance levels, Reuters reported. (BusinessDesk) Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags while you were sleeping Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7260 0.0000 0.00% AUD 0.9619 0.0000 0.00% EUR 0.6788 0.0000 0.00% GBP 0.5788 0.0000 0.00% HKD 5.6340 0.0000 0.00% JPY 83.4690 0.0000 0.00% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1191.3 2.840 2017-01-27T00: Oil Brent 55.5 -0.740 2017-01-27T00: Oil Nymex 53.2 -0.570 2017-01-27T00: Silver Index 17.1 0.290 2017-01-27T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7113.3 7134.3 7113.3 0.29% NASDAQ 5664.9 5667.4 5655.2 0.10% DAX 11841.7 11844.7 11848.6 -0.29% DJI 20103.4 20116.0 20100.9 -0.04% FTSE 7161.5 7184.7 7161.5 0.32% HKSE 23339.2 23397.1 23374.2 -0.06% NI225 19453.5 19486.7 19402.4 0.34% ASX 5671.5 5714.2 5671.5 0.75% Most Popular Read OPINION: Re-think trade deals for a fair and clean economy Shoeshine: Eric Watson reveals his Naked ambition for Bendon Congressional Republicans want 20% tax on imports from all countries Theresa May meets Donald Trump: a marriage of convenience Hooton: election will be the most vicious and bizarre yet Commented Technology: a string of security blunders in the Trump White House Why New Zealand is looking pretty good right now Congressional Republicans want 20% tax on imports from all countries Theresa May meets Donald Trump: a marriage of convenience OPINION: Re-think trade deals for a fair and clean economy Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Sunday Business with Andrew Patterson featuring Shaun Rein The Week in Business with Grant Walker and Andrew Patterson David Cohen on the Bob Jones begging beatup that backfired Don't blame Donald Trump for the death of the TPP, says Barry Coates Matthew Hooton on why he thinks the election will be so vicious Only available on Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> World Week Ahead: Focus on Yellen, Trump
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intrexon Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intrexon Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Seaport Global Securities Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Gulfport Energy Corporation (GPOR) IDACORP, Inc. (IDA) to Post Q4 2016 Earnings of $0.58 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts Analysts Offer Predictions for WEC Energy Group, Inc.’s Q4 2016 Earnings (WEC) Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Short Interest Down 4.4% in January People’s United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest Wendy’s Company (The) (WEN) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (HEP) Reaches New 12-Month High After Dividend Announcement Celestica, Inc. (CLS) Stock Price Up 11% After Earnings Beat Robert Half International Inc. (RHI) Stock Price Down 7.3% Following Weak Earnings NVR, Inc. (NVR) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Chrysalis VCT plc. (CYS) to Issue GBX 3.25 Dividend Dunedin Income Growth Investment Tr PLC to Issue Dividend of GBX 2.58 (DIG) Power Financial Corp (PWF) Receives C$34.17 Average Price Target from Brokerages Centrica PLC (CPYYY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Nintendo Co. (NTDOY) Receives $36.00 Average Target Price from Brokerages Yara International ASA (YARIY) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Target Healthcare REIT Ltd (THRL) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.57 Brokerages Set Trican Well Servic (TOLWF) Price Target at $4.30 Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Forecasted to Post FY2016 Earnings of $5.73 Per Share Intrexon Corporation (XON) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. January 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its stake in shares of Intrexon Corporation (NYSE:XON) by 25.7% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 37,960 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 7,760 shares during the period. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.’s holdings in Intrexon Corporation were worth $1,063,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY increased its stake in Intrexon Corporation by 13.7% in the second quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 4,161 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 501 shares in the last quarter. Advisory Services Network LLC increased its position in shares of Intrexon Corporation by 34.3% in the third quarter. Advisory Services Network LLC now owns 4,193 shares of the company’s stock worth $117,000 after buying an additional 1,070 shares during the period. Pacer Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Intrexon Corporation during the second quarter worth approximately $118,000. Advisor Group Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Intrexon Corporation during the second quarter worth approximately $123,000. Finally, Legal & General Group Plc increased its position in shares of Intrexon Corporation by 53.6% in the second quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 5,819 shares of the company’s stock worth $144,000 after buying an additional 2,031 shares during the period. 84.40% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Intrexon Corporation (NYSE:XON) traded down 1.94% during trading on Friday, reaching $24.77. 1,037,311 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $27.48 and a 200-day moving average price of $27.21. The company’s market cap is $2.94 billion. Intrexon Corporation has a 12-month low of $21.62 and a 12-month high of $40.24. Intrexon Corporation (NYSE:XON) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, November 9th. The company reported ($0.24) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.21) by $0.03. The company had revenue of $48.99 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $51.70 million. Intrexon Corporation had a negative return on equity of 18.46% and a negative net margin of 93.97%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 8.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted ($0.34) EPS. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Intrexon Corporation will post ($1.43) EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Intrexon Corporation (XON) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/15/intrexon-corporation-xon-shares-bought-by-ubs-asset-management-americas-inc.html. A number of brokerages recently commented on XON. J P Morgan Chase & Co reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Intrexon Corporation in a research note on Friday, November 11th. JMP Securities reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Intrexon Corporation in a research note on Thursday, November 10th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Intrexon Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, October 17th. Finally, Northland Securities began coverage on shares of Intrexon Corporation in a research note on Thursday, December 29th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $40.00 price objective for the company. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, five have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. Intrexon Corporation has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $41.52. In related news, CEO Randal J. Kirk acquired 34,606 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, December 13th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $28.90 per share, with a total value of $1,000,113.40. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, SVP Joel D. Liffman acquired 8,500 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, December 12th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $28.62 per share, with a total value of $243,270.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 158,500 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,536,270. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Corporate insiders own 55.10% of the company’s stock. Intrexon Corporation Company Profile Intrexon Corporation (Intrexon) forms collaborations to create biologically based products and processes using synthetic biology. The Company designs, builds and regulates gene programs, which are deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) sequences that consist of genetic components. The Company’s synthetic biology capabilities include the ability to control the amount, location and modification of biological molecules to control the function and output of living cells and optimize for desired results at an industrial scale. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding XON? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intrexon Corporation (NYSE:XON). Receive News & Ratings for Intrexon Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intrexon Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Here's what tech execs are saying about Trump's immigrant ban World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets CEO who backs Trump: People must be realistic Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance This company just started offering 6-week sabbaticals Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Chicago factory's rare mission: Manufacture eyewear in U.S. Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Glide your way through a Phoenix business trip Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Before the Bell Trump inauguration; Time for Davos; Wilbur Ross confirmation by Julia Horowitz   @juliakhorowitz January 16, 2017: 8:00 AM ET Wilbur Ross in 75 seconds 1. Inauguration Day: On Friday, Donald Trump will be sworn in as the 45th president of the United States. Since his election, Trump has shown an uncanny ability to move markets. Bullish investors, girded by his pro-business rhetoric, have pushed the Dow closer and closer to 20,000 points. But the Republican has also introduced a degree of uncertainty. Trump has made a habit of targeting specific companies on Twitter with little notice. His marks, such as Boeing (BA) and Lockheed Martin (LMT), have seen shares plummet as a result. Corporate America could be in for a bumpy ride over the next four years. Related: Lee Greenwood to perform at concert for Donald Trump's inauguration 2. Time for Davos: Business and political leaders from around the world will convene in Davos, Switzerland on Tuesday to kick off the World Economic Forum. IMF director Christine Lagarde, Facebook (FB, Tech30) COO Sheryl Sandberg, U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May, Chinese President Xi Jinping and Alibaba (BABA, Tech30) founder Jack Ma will be among those in attendance. This year's theme is "Responsive and Responsible Leadership." 3. Wilbur Ross confirmation: The Senate will decide whether to confirm billionaire investor Wilbur Ross for Commerce secretary on Wednesday. Ross is known for buying up distressed and failing companies. He made a name for himself acquiring troubled assets in the steel and coal industry, but has focused more on banks since the 2008 financial crisis. The Senate's hearing for Tom Price, Trump's pick to lead the Health and Human Services department, is also on Wednesday. Price, an orthopedic surgeon, is an ardent critic of Obama's Affordable Care Act. Related: Trump taps 'King of Bankruptcy' as Commerce Secretary Related: How Trump's health secretary pick would replace Obamacare 4. A smattering of earnings: Goldman Sachs (GS), Netflix (NFLX, Tech30) and American Express (AXP) are among companies reporting earnings this week. Investors will watch Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley (MS) and Citi (C) to see if they match last week's solid reports by JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and Bank of America (BAC). Bank stocks have been on a tear since the election, boosted by the expectation of fewer regulations and rising interest rates when Trump becomes president. Netflix is also likely to garner significant attention when it posts earnings Wednesday. Last quarter, the Wall Street darling announced it had added 3.6 million subscribers, shattering expectations. The company's stock gained 8% in 2016 and hit an all-time high at the beginning of January. Related: Jamie Dimon is hopeful about Donald Trump Related: Netflix at all-time high? Stranger things have happened 5. Coming this week: Monday - Markets closed for MLK day Tuesday - Davos begins; Morgan Stanley earnings Wednesday - Wilbur Ross and Tom Price confirmation; Citi, Goldman Sachs, Netflix earnings Thursday - ECB interest rate announcement; IBM (IBM, Tech30) and American Express earnings Friday - Inauguration Day CNNMoney (New York) First published January 15, 2017: 8:02 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Tech leaders condemn Trump's immigrant ban Guess where all those avocados come from Trump supporters care about jobs, not voter fraud Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cimarex Energy Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cimarex Energy Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News RBF Capital LLC Has $694,000 Stake in PGT, Inc. (PGTI) RBF Capital LLC Has $736,000 Position in Cogent Communications Holdings, Inc. (CCOI) J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) Position Decreased by U S Global Investors Inc. Wyndham Worldwide Corp (WYN) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Owens Corning Inc (OC) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (PANW) Stake Lowered by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Shares Sold by Gotham Asset Management LLC Gotham Asset Management LLC Reduces Stake in Best Buy Co., Inc. (BBY) ResMed Inc. (RMD) Position Increased by Gotham Asset Management LLC D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $42,931,000 Position in Hubbell Inc (HUBB) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $42,085,000 Position in Armstrong World Industries Inc (AWI) Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Equifax (EFX) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Has $6,997,000 Stake in Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Increases Stake in Kellogg Company (K) Kimco Realty Corporation (KIM) Shares Bought by Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Spectra Energy Partners, LP (SEP) Shares Bought by Virtus ETF Advisers LLC Clinton Group Inc. Purchases Shares of 53,215 Phillips 66 (PSX) Clinton Group Inc. Sells 112,392 Shares of Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Takes Position in Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. Acquires Shares of 25,286 Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Has $1,967,000 Stake in Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) January 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its stake in Cimarex Energy Co (NYSE:XEC) by 3.3% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 14,642 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 463 shares during the period. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd.’s holdings in Cimarex Energy were worth $1,967,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Point72 Asia Hong Kong Ltd acquired a new stake in Cimarex Energy during the second quarter valued at about $131,000. MU Investments Co. Ltd. acquired a new stake in Cimarex Energy during the third quarter valued at about $144,000. Mizuho Asset Management Co. Ltd. raised its stake in Cimarex Energy by 96.5% in the second quarter. Mizuho Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 1,234 shares of the company’s stock valued at $147,000 after buying an additional 606 shares in the last quarter. Euclid Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in Cimarex Energy during the second quarter valued at about $167,000. Finally, BOKF NA acquired a new stake in Cimarex Energy during the second quarter valued at about $178,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 90.23% of the company’s stock. Cimarex Energy Co (NYSE:XEC) opened at 139.65 on Friday. The company’s market capitalization is $13.26 billion. Cimarex Energy Co has a 12 month low of $72.77 and a 12 month high of $146.96. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $137.73 and its 200 day moving average price is $130.05. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, February 15th will be paid a dividend of $0.08 per share. This represents a $0.32 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.23%. Cimarex Energy’s dividend payout ratio is presently -2.70%. WARNING: This story was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/15/mitsubishi-ufj-kokusai-asset-management-co-ltd-has-1967000-stake-in-cimarex-energy-co-xec.html. Several analysts have issued reports on XEC shares. J P Morgan Chase & Co upgraded Cimarex Energy from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $150.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Thursday, December 8th. FBR & Co restated a “buy” rating on shares of Cimarex Energy in a research note on Thursday, November 3rd. Stifel Nicolaus upped their price objective on Cimarex Energy from $142.00 to $155.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 1st. Susquehanna upgraded Cimarex Energy from a “neutral” rating to a “positive” rating and increased their target price for the stock from $121.53 to $148.00 in a research note on Friday, November 4th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) upgraded Cimarex Energy from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, December 16th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Cimarex Energy presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $132.82. In other news, CEO Thomas E. Jorden sold 2,500 shares of Cimarex Energy stock in a transaction on Friday, November 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $122.50, for a total transaction of $306,250.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, COO Joseph R. Albi sold 1,500 shares of Cimarex Energy stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $121.04, for a total transaction of $181,560.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 2.00% of the company’s stock. About Cimarex Energy Cimarex Energy Co is an independent oil and gas exploration and production company. The Company’s segment is exploration and production. Its operations are located mainly in Oklahoma, Texas and New Mexico. Its operations are focused in approximately two main areas, such as the Permian Basin and the Mid-Continent region. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding XEC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cimarex Energy Co (NYSE:XEC). Receive News & Ratings for Cimarex Energy Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cimarex Energy Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Trump inauguration; Time for Davos; Wilbur Ross confirmation Trump inauguration; Time for Davos; Wilbur Ross confirmation Posted on Sunday, January 15, 2017 by CNN in Business News 1. Inauguration Day: On Friday, Donald Trump will be sworn in as the 45th president of the United States. Since his election, Trump has shown an uncanny ability to move markets. Bullish investors, girded by his pro-business rhetoric, have pushed the Dow closer and closer to 20,000 points. But the Republican has also introduced a degree of uncertainty. Trump has made a habit of targeting specific companies on Twitter with little notice. His marks, such as Boeing and Lockheed Martin, have seen shares plummet as a result. Corporate America could be in for a bumpy ride over the next four years. 2. Time for Davos: Business and political leaders from around the world will convene in Davos, Switzerland on Tuesday to kick off the World Economic Forum. IMF director Christine Lagarde, Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg, U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May, Chinese President Xi Jinping and Alibaba founder Jack Ma will be among those in attendance. This year’s theme is “Responsive and Responsible Leadership.” 3. Wilbur Ross confirmation: The Senate will decide whether to confirm billionaire investor Wilbur Ross for Commerce secretary on Wednesday. Ross is known for buying up distressed and failing companies. He made a name for himself acquiring troubled assets in the steel and coal industry, but has focused more on banks since the 2008 financial crisis. The Senate’s hearing for Tom Price, Trump’s pick to lead the Health and Human Services department, is also on Wednesday. Price, an orthopedic surgeon, is an ardent critic of Obama’s Affordable Care Act. 4. A smattering of earnings: Goldman Sachs, Netflix and American Express are among companies reporting earnings this week. Investors will watch Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and Citi to see if they match last week’s solid reports by JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America. Bank stocks have been on a tear since the election, boosted by the expectation of fewer regulations and rising interest rates when Trump becomes president. Netflix is also likely to garner significant attention when it posts earnings Wednesday. Last quarter, the Wall Street darling announced it had added 3.6 million subscribers, shattering expectations. The company’s stock gained 8% in 2016 and hit an all-time high at the beginning of January. 5. Coming this week: Monday – Markets closed for MLK day Tuesday – Davos begins; Morgan Stanley and Tiffany & Co. earnings Wednesday – Wilbur Ross and Tom Price confirmation; Citi, Goldman Sachs, Netflix earnings Thursday – ECB interest rate announcement; IBM and American Express earnings Friday – Inauguration Day Facebook to begin warning users of fake news before German election Davos marks the emergence of a confident, strong China Related Posts Obamacare premium hikes called ‘one-time’ fix Republican senator’s bill aims to reel in Trump’s trade power Big banks aren’t looking so pretty GOP Debate Meeting: What the campaigns want Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Here's what tech execs are saying about Trump's immigrant ban World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets CEO who backs Trump: People must be realistic Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance This company just started offering 6-week sabbaticals Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Chicago factory's rare mission: Manufacture eyewear in U.S. Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Glide your way through a Phoenix business trip Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Before the Bell Trump inauguration; Time for Davos; Wilbur Ross confirmation by Julia Horowitz   @juliakhorowitz January 16, 2017: 8:00 AM ET Wilbur Ross in 75 seconds 1. Inauguration Day: On Friday, Donald Trump will be sworn in as the 45th president of the United States. Since his election, Trump has shown an uncanny ability to move markets. Bullish investors, girded by his pro-business rhetoric, have pushed the Dow closer and closer to 20,000 points. But the Republican has also introduced a degree of uncertainty. Trump has made a habit of targeting specific companies on Twitter with little notice. His marks, such as Boeing (BA) and Lockheed Martin (LMT), have seen shares plummet as a result. Corporate America could be in for a bumpy ride over the next four years. Related: Lee Greenwood to perform at concert for Donald Trump's inauguration 2. Time for Davos: Business and political leaders from around the world will convene in Davos, Switzerland on Tuesday to kick off the World Economic Forum. IMF director Christine Lagarde, Facebook (FB, Tech30) COO Sheryl Sandberg, U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May, Chinese President Xi Jinping and Alibaba (BABA, Tech30) founder Jack Ma will be among those in attendance. This year's theme is "Responsive and Responsible Leadership." 3. Wilbur Ross confirmation: The Senate will decide whether to confirm billionaire investor Wilbur Ross for Commerce secretary on Wednesday. Ross is known for buying up distressed and failing companies. He made a name for himself acquiring troubled assets in the steel and coal industry, but has focused more on banks since the 2008 financial crisis. The Senate's hearing for Tom Price, Trump's pick to lead the Health and Human Services department, is also on Wednesday. Price, an orthopedic surgeon, is an ardent critic of Obama's Affordable Care Act. Related: Trump taps 'King of Bankruptcy' as Commerce Secretary Related: How Trump's health secretary pick would replace Obamacare 4. A smattering of earnings: Goldman Sachs (GS), Netflix (NFLX, Tech30) and American Express (AXP) are among companies reporting earnings this week. Investors will watch Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley (MS) and Citi (C) to see if they match last week's solid reports by JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and Bank of America (BAC). Bank stocks have been on a tear since the election, boosted by the expectation of fewer regulations and rising interest rates when Trump becomes president. Netflix is also likely to garner significant attention when it posts earnings Wednesday. Last quarter, the Wall Street darling announced it had added 3.6 million subscribers, shattering expectations. The company's stock gained 8% in 2016 and hit an all-time high at the beginning of January. Related: Jamie Dimon is hopeful about Donald Trump Related: Netflix at all-time high? Stranger things have happened 5. Coming this week: Monday - Markets closed for MLK day Tuesday - Davos begins; Morgan Stanley earnings Wednesday - Wilbur Ross and Tom Price confirmation; Citi, Goldman Sachs, Netflix earnings Thursday - ECB interest rate announcement; IBM (IBM, Tech30) and American Express earnings Friday - Inauguration Day CNNMoney (New York) First published January 15, 2017: 8:02 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Tech leaders condemn Trump's immigrant ban Guess where all those avocados come from Trump supporters care about jobs, not voter fraud Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Sections News Buy Photos Obituaries Archives Vietnam Revisited Most Wanted Meet the Police Above and Beyond Submit News Tips Cops and Courts Past 7 days Stocks and Finance Blogs Lost Photos Mommy Mentions Building Bookshelves Sports Golf Nascar Outdoors Past 7 days Opinion Thunder/Enlightning Past 7 Days People Games Lottery TV Listings Gas Prices Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Data Center School Databases Schuylkill Living Magazine Latest Issue of SLM Advertise in SLM Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Customer Service Contact Us Submit News Tips Manage my subscription Birthday Form Become a Carrier NIE e-Edition Calendar Subscribe UNLIMITED ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Pottsville Republican Herald Unlimited Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Republican Herald on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at republicanherald.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the e-Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your unlimited access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Opinion • People • Obituaries • Contact • Photos • e-Edition • Classifieds Deeds, Jan. 15, 2017 POLL Does the dissemination of "fake news" worry you? Yes No Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. ENTER NOW for a chance to win $100 in gift cards! Enter now for a $50 Boyer's Food gift card​ Take the Pledge to stop distracted driving. Courtesy of Fanelli, Evans & Patel, P.C. Staff Reports / Published: January 15, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Deeds Ashland — Thomas J. Cuff and Donald M. Cuff to Kris Neumeister; 1126 Walnut St.; $27,000. Berrysburg — Charles E. and Verdaine E. Bonawitz to Ricky J. Weaver and Brian L. Weaver; 0.684-acre property on Legislative Route 22002; $1. MBC Development LP to Norman S. and Hannah S. Stoltzfus; 0.9195-acre property on Route 25; $45,000. Butler Township — Abel Guzman to William Marquardt; 760 High Road, Mowry; $301,000. Cass Township and Minersville — John D. and Rose A. Lipsett to Robert J. and Katie Schunacher; 320 N. Fifth St.; $150,000. Coaldale — Joseph G. Groody, sheriff of Schuylkill County, to Real Estate MV LC; 136 Greenwood Ave.; $1,149.66. Joseph G. Groody, sheriff of Schuylkill County, to CN Properties LLC; 167 Greenwood Ave.; $1,208.75. John E. Lane and Linda C. Chan to Golden Eye Properties LLC; 44 E. Phillips St.; $1. Elizabethville — Tony C. and Christine A. Shiffer to TCS Enterprises Inc.; 513 and 521 W. Main St.; $156,000. Amy S. Snyder to Tyler J. Snyder; property on Spruce Street; $1. Marion E. Hentz, by attorney in fact Denise M. Hoffman, to Sonset Management Co. LLC; property on North Street; $85,000. Robert M. and Debra Jayne Bechtel to Robert M. and Debra Jayne Bechtel; 324 N. Church St.; $1. Sylvia A. Straw to Sylvia A. Straw, trustee under the Sylvia A. Straw Living Trust; 63 and 69 S. Market St.; $1. Frackville — Christine M. Kosick and Chris H. Henritzy to John Jr. and Rebecca Hawranick; 103 and 104 N. Fourth St.; $75,000. Thema Partnership LP to Anne M. Stefanski; property on Railroad Avenue; $11,000. Gilberton — Come Up Properties LLC to HUC Investment Properties LLC; 2046 main St.; $100. Girardville — Rosona M. and Michael Vabolis, Francis A. Lally and Patrick S. Lally to Michael and Rosona M. Vabolis; 248 W. Main St.; $1. Hegins Township — Adam N. Costa to Adam N. Costa and Richard J. Costa; 744 E. Main St., Hegins; $1. Jefferson Township — Troy Hogan and Kayla Sullivan to Jeffrey E. and Brittany A. Murphy; 101 White Oak Road; $230,000. Timothy M. and Tammy Wentzel to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; agricultural conservation easement on 3226 Powells Valley Road; $126,840. Sylvia A. Straw to Sylvia A. Straw, trustee under the Sylvia A. Straw Living Trust; 72.9-acre property; $1. Lykens — Rita M. Bordner to Marilynn A. Unruh, John D. Bordner, Rita Hoke and Jeffrey L. Bordner; property on North Second Street; $1. Stephen J. Sigel to Amanda E. Bressler; 459 N. Second St.; $52,500. Tax Claim Bureau of Dauphin County to CNH Properties LLC; property on Division Street; $298.47. Tax Claim Bureau of Dauphin County to CNH Properties LLC; property on Division Street; $325.70. James L. Jr. and Renate E. Dietrich to Michael J. Evans and Mandy L. Fabie; 677 Main St.; $8,300. Lykens Township — Melva J. Sittinger Reinhard to Isaac A. and Eunice G. Rissler; 6.21-acre property; $62,000. Sandra I. Stahler to Bobbie L. Moyer and Katherine S. Moyer; 19.3766-acre property; $250,000. Mifflin Township — KLB Holdings LP to Advanced Scientifics Inc.; 101 Teardrop Drive; $1,050,000. Keith F. and Lisa A. Miller to Jared E. and Tammy L. Moore; 664 Mountain Road; $665,000. New Philadelphia — Edward M. Bernitsky III to Michael Carpency; 41 Valley St.; $55,000. Palo Alto — Denise and Mark J. Grajewski to Park Henry; 305 E. Savory St.; $37,500. Pillow — Scott W. Romberger, executor of the Estate of Marjorie K. Romberger, to Joseph W. and Kay L. Romberger; 16.65-acre property on Raspberry Alley; $28,000. Reilly Township — Patricia M. Larkin to Joseph and Dorothy M. Weise; property in Branchdale; $20,000. Scott Lee Andrews to Joseph and Dorothy M. Weise; property on Main Street, Branchdale; $2,500. Rush Township — Gail Mione to Sherwood B. and Jacqueline A. Kimmel; 132 Keim St.; $30,000. Saint Clair — Brian J. and Monique Benjamin to Vanessa Rose Hertzog; 708-710 and 704 W. Carroll St.; $77,500. Schuylkill Haven — PAR Investments LLC to Alan E. and Lori Ann Celmer; 43 Center Ave.; $45,000. JPMorgan Chase Bank NA to Legacy Capital Ventures Inc.; 113 E. Liberty St.; $10,000. Shenandoah — Joseph W. Van Nest to Mary Bath; 310 S. Main St.; $1. Tamaqua — Wells Fargo Bank NA to Secretary of Housing and Urban Development; 220 N. Greenwood St.; $10. Atanos Management LLC to Kyle J. Kerestus; 230 Market St.; $79,900. John W. and Carol N. Dietrich to John W. and Carol N. Dietrich; 410 E. Mauch Chunk St.; $1. Dale P. and Kristin J. Osenbach to Luke I. Morgan and Gina M. Manbeck; 506 N. Lombard St.; $134,000. Tremont — Global Premier Asset Management LLC to Irvin E. Shadle III; 204 W. Main St.; $9,900. Washington Township — Bowen J. Jr. and Donna Ann Knarr to Jordan R. Hurst; 154 Louck Road; $114,000. Wiconisco Township — William R. and Marie E. Klinger to Joseph R. and Denise J. Cotterino; 306 Pottsville St., Wiconisco; $175,000. Williams Township — Steve Schade to Ryan L. Hand; 238 South St.; $8,000. Larry W. Muggio Sr. to Stacie Malave; 1.97-acre property; $1. Paula Diehl to Richard J. and Marybeth R. Vanzandt; 344 E. Broad St.; $110,000. Williamstown — Ronald W. and Elaine M. Umholtz to Ronald W. and Elaine M. Umholtz; 245 E. Market St.; $1. Beneficial Consumer Discount Co. to KBR Commercial LLC; 125 E. Broad St.; $7,500. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 111 Mahantongo Street Pottsville, PA 17901 1-570-622-3456 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 Pottsville Republican, Inc. PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS PEOPLE OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND POTTSVILLE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 29 Jan 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Designing app to secure our modern mobile kingdoms Austria's OMV to increase its investments in Abu Dhabi Dubai to produce bio fuel from leftover food Ease of doing business in Dubai attracts investors Egypt determined to end housing crisis in 3 years Qatar's real estate market shows steady recovery Dubai’s private developers emerge winners in mortgages Dubai real estate brokers' commission $410 mln in 2016 Interpipe registers trademark in Saudi Arabia to fight fake steel El-Mohandes Coatings plans export rise to $10 mln at 2017-end Egypt's Abu Soma signs contract for Soma Bay Red Sea Resort Makkah Criminal Court drops crane case citing lack of jurisdiction Austria's OMV to increase its investments in Abu Dhabi Saudi Aramco's oil reserves confirmed by external audit South Sudan aims to more than double oil output in 2017/18 Algeria top gas supplier to Spain in 2016, eyes more EU exports S&P lowers Sharjah rating on rising debt burden Saudi banks likely to outperform GCC counterparts: report Moody's upgrades Afreximbank rating to 'Baa1' Abu Dhabi ADCB says majority shareholder stake now 62.52% Dubai Central Lab launches halal-testing service UAE's National Bonds registers 50% more female savers in 2016 Qatar International Islamic Bank Q4 net profit slips 7.2% Dubai Islamic Bank targets 10-15% loan growth in 2017 Designing app to secure our modern mobile kingdoms Alexa versus Siri Microsoft's market value tops $500 bln again after 17 years Apple strategy in 'smart home' race threatened by Amazon Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Scope for gig economy in UAE's employment landscape Egypt determined to end housing crisis in 3 years S&P lowers Sharjah rating on rising debt burden In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Kuwait lawmakers criticise proposal to tax expat remittances Scope for gig economy in UAE's employment landscape Dubai to produce bio fuel from leftover food Ease of doing business in Dubai attracts investors In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Jordan's King Abdullah to visit U.S. from Monday Syrian Observatory says army thwarts IS attack near Aleppo supply route Lebanon re-launches first oil and gas licensing round Egypt determined to end housing crisis in 3 years In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Morocco growth seen at 4.5% in 2017 vs 1.6% last year Algeria top gas supplier to Spain in 2016, eyes more EU exports In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Trump to speak to Saudi and UAE leaders today: White House Trump ban sparks U.S. immigration chaos, infuriates Muslims Under fire, UK's May criticises Trump curb on refugees Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Most of Gulf moves little, Kuwait rises Gulf to consolidate; few positive cues Alternatives thrive as UAE investors cast nets wide Mideast Stocks: Factors to watch today Most of Gulf moves little, Kuwait rises Alternatives thrive as UAE investors cast nets wide Mideast Stocks: Factors to watch today Saudi Aramco's oil reserves confirmed by external audit Fed to stop mortgage reinvestments in 2018: Morgan Stanley Dollar edges up, Mexican peso tumbles on Trump's tax proposal Egypt may sell bonds in Japanese and Chinese currencies Tunisia expects more bond issues this year Yemen's wheat reserves down to three months supply -UN official Syria's million-tonne Russian wheat deal in jeopardy Gold extends losses to two-week low as dollar rises Oil prices dip as rising U.S. output offsets OPEC-led cuts Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Dubai life guards must be certified by July US administration wants Guantanamo to remain open Saudi Arabia to penalize employers holding workers' passports Iran's Bank Tejarat files lawsuit in European Court of Justice In Middle East, US travel curbs decried as unjust, insulting Trump to speak to Saudi and UAE leaders today: White House Trump ban sparks U.S. immigration chaos, infuriates Muslims Under fire, UK's May criticises Trump curb on refugees US administration wants Guantanamo to remain open UAE busts 30 drug dealers FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines Interpipe registers trademark in Saudi Arabia to fight fake steel Call for restrictions on grant of new grocery licences in Qatar Saudi Arabia to penalize employers holding workers' passports Saudi Arabia sets deadline to stop using plastic bags, containers Oman courts get tough on consumer law violators Dubai life guards must be certified by July UAE residents urged to get 'no liability letter' after loans are repaid Ever-vigilant law-keepers keep UAE safe Saudi Shura Council rejects expat remittance tax Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Japanese flower exhibition opens in Dubai E-Cigarettes may lure teens who otherwise might not smoke Lindsay Lohan tells Syrian refugees to ‘be strong like Bana’ Community policing in UAE gets further boost Dubai’s first rehab clinic set to open E-Cigarettes may lure teens who otherwise might not smoke Two expats infected with MERS in critical condition Omani develops early prostate cancer diagnosis marker Call for Saudis to apply to US education program Japanese flower exhibition opens in Dubai Anime enthusiasm comes to UAE Camel trek riders head back to Dubai UAE Honey Festival now in February UK Princes William, Harry to erect statue of Princess Diana Saudi king to inaugurate Al-Janadriyah 31 festival Smart changing rooms on Dubai beaches Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort hikes membership fees to $200,000 Sushmita Sen arrives in Manila British actor John Hurt, star of 'The Elephant Man', dead at 77 Iranian actress to shun Oscars in protest of Trump immigrant ban Orwell's dystopian novel back as bestseller since Trump in power Tennis-Nadal edges Dimitrov to set up dream Federer final Olympics-Bolt returns gold medal from 2008 4x100 relay Soccer-Barcelona thrash Real Sociedad to reach King's Cup semis Golf-Tiger struggles at Torrey Pines, Rose sets pace Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Friday the 13th not too scary for stocks 13 Jan 2017 Stocks closed out Friday with minor gains after major banks reported results and retail sales rose in December. Jeanne Yurman reports. Video Transcript Friday the 13th wasn't too scary for the markets. The Dow was down fractionally. The S&P and Nasdaq finished with mild gains. For the week stocks closed mixed. The Dow and the S&P lost ground but the Nasdaq rose 1 percent. After a big run up in stocks in the past six weeks, there needs to be more clarity to move higher says Tim Anderson, managing Director at TJM Investments. TIMOTHY ANDERSON, MANAGING DIRECTOR, TJM INVESTMENTS (ENGLISH) SAYING: "Now what we really need to see is some more details n the tax reform plan, the infrastructure spending plan and exactly what regulatory relief might tae place and what the business community's reaction might be to that." Japanese auto parts maker Takata pled guilty to criminal wrongdoing and agreed to a billion dollar settlement with the U.S. government for its handling of faulty airbags. And a grand jury charged three Takata executives as part of a criminal investigation. Wells Fargo, Bank of America and JP Morgan Chase all reported quarterly profit results that beat forecasts. Lockheed Martin says it is close to forging a deal to cut the price of its F-35 aircraft. This after its CEO met with President-elect Trump. U.S. retail sales were up in December amid strong demand for autos and furniture. And prices at the wholesale level rose for a second straight month. In Europe, stocks moved higher helped by bank shares. Multimedia AUDIO Why companies need to create new role “Chief Digital Officer” AUDIO Impact of Trump's immigration ban AUDIO Update on the first ever electric car road trip in the UAE AUDIO Update on weekend's sports action AUDIO Latest on oil, GCC growth, and US figures gallery Washington's 'March for Life' Advertisement Most Popular Videos Trump travel ban sparks panic abroad, lawsuits at home 17 hours ago - Reuters Videos Alexa versus Siri 2 days ago - Reuters Videos Assad says Syria "should be secular" 23 Nov 2015 - Reuters Videos Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
  Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News SIGN IN BUSINESS INSIDER       PORTFOLIO SEARCH Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News CANCEL 10 things you need to know before the opening bell Business Insider Jan. 13, 2017, 07:00 AM Here is what you need to know. China's trade surplus shrinks. Data released by China's Customs Bureau showed the value of exports fell 6.1% year-over-year in US dollar terms while the value of imports slumped 3.1% YoY. As a result, China's trade surplus narrowed to $40.82 billion in December from $44.61 billion in November. Bank of Korea cuts its growth forecast. The central bank held its key interest rate at 1.25%, as expected, and lowered its 2017 growth forecast to mid-2% this year from its October forecast of 2.8%. The Korean won ended stronger by 0.8% at 1174.98 per dollar. Anthony Scaramucci has a spot in the Trump White House. Scaramucci, the founder of the hedge fund SkyBridge Capital, has been named an assistant to President-elect Donald Trump, serving as a liaison to Wall Street, according to the Wall Street Journal. Morgan Stanley lays off bankers and cuts bonuses.The investment bank laid off an undisclosed amount of senior bankers and slashed bonuses by 15% as a result of a decline in revenue generated by dealmaking, Reuters reports. Nintendo tumbled after releasing its new gaming console. Shares of Nintendo tumbled 5.8% after the company officially released its new gaming console, the $299 Nintendo Switch. Airbus takes the sales crown from Boeing. Airbus booked 321 net orders in December, running its 2016 total to 731 to beat the 668 orders won by Boeing. Stock markets around the world are up. Japan's Nikkei (+0.8%) outperformed in Asia and France's CAC (+0.8%) leads the charge in Europe. The S&P 500 is set to open higher by 0.4% near 2,273. 3 big banks report. Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo will release their quarterly results ahead of the opening bell. US economic data flows. Retail sales will be released at 8:30 a.m. ET and University of Michigan consumer confidence will cross the wires at 10 a.m. ET. The US 10-year yield is down 1 basis point at 2.35%. US markets are closed on Monday in observance of Martin Luther King Jr. Day. They will reopen on Tuesday. SHARE THIS POST Gainers & LosersMore Dow Jones S&P 500 NASDAQ 100 Microsoft Rg 65.78 2.35 % Caterpillar Rg 98.99 1.82 % Johnson & Johnso Rg 113.38 1.38 % Goldman Sachs Gr Rg 236.95 -1.10 % Wal-Mart Stores Rg 65.66 -1.60 % Chevron 113.79 -2.37 % your MARKET VIEW Your Personalized Market Center Find News GO Home / News / Stock News / 10 things you need to know before the opening bell Follow us Need help? Contact us! Visit our network Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. and finanzen.net GmbH (Imprint). All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service amd Privacy Policy Disclaimer | Commerce Policy | Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK | DE | AUS | ID | IN | MY | SG | PL | SE
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance J P Morgan Chase & Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for J P Morgan Chase & Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News WesBanco, Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.65 Per Share (WSBC) National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed their hold rating on shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) in a report released on Wednesday. BMO Capital Markets currently has a $77.00 price objective on the financial services provider’s stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Barclays PLC reissued an overweight rating and set a $79.00 target price on shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Compass Point started coverage on shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co in a report on Tuesday, October 11th. They set a sell rating on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $96.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Vetr lowered shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co from a hold rating to a sell rating and set a $71.84 target price on the stock. in a report on Monday, November 14th. Finally, Sandler O’Neill lowered shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co from a buy rating to a hold rating and set a $72.00 target price on the stock. in a report on Thursday, October 6th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and twenty have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $75.39. Shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) traded up 0.53% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $86.70. 28,295,985 shares of the company were exchanged. J P Morgan Chase & Co has a one year low of $52.50 and a one year high of $88.17. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $84.82 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.50. The firm has a market capitalization of $309.58 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.01 and a beta of 1.54. J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) last posted its earnings results on Friday, January 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.71 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.42 by $0.29. J P Morgan Chase & Co had a net margin of 22.92% and a return on equity of 10.47%. The firm had revenue of $24.30 billion for the quarter. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.68 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 2.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts forecast that J P Morgan Chase & Co will post $5.91 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/bmo-capital-markets-reaffirms-hold-rating-for-j-p-morgan-chase-co-jpm.html. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 31st. Stockholders of record on Friday, January 6th will be issued a $0.48 dividend. This represents a $1.92 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.21%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, January 4th. J P Morgan Chase & Co’s payout ratio is 31.02%. In other news, insider Mark O’donovan sold 4,035 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, October 26th. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.05, for a total value of $278,616.75. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 6,005 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $414,645.25. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, General Counsel Stacey Friedman sold 2,099 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, October 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.03, for a total transaction of $144,893.97. Following the completion of the sale, the general counsel now directly owns 4,752 shares in the company, valued at $328,030.56. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.85% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC increased its stake in shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co by 15.1% in the third quarter. Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC now owns 1,528 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $102,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the last quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. increased its stake in shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co by 0.7% in the second quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 2,014 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $125,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the last quarter. Balentine LLC increased its stake in shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co by 14.4% in the third quarter. Balentine LLC now owns 1,910 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $127,000 after buying an additional 241 shares in the last quarter. Vigilant Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co by 22.1% in the second quarter. Vigilant Capital Management LLC now owns 2,079 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 376 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Tradewinds Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co by 30.0% in the third quarter. Tradewinds Capital Management LLC now owns 2,173 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $145,000 after buying an additional 501 shares in the last quarter. 72.31% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About J P Morgan Chase & Co JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment serves consumers and businesses through personal service at bank branches and through automatic teller machines, online, mobile and telephone banking. Receive News & Ratings for J P Morgan Chase & Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for J P Morgan Chase & Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact

Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 16 January 2017 Investors fret over TCS with the exit of Chandra Moving up: Some fear that that Chandra will have little opportunity to lavish attention on TCS in the new role, as he will be saddled with untying the Gordian knot of Tata Sons politics, and also overseeing 200 group companies. – AFP Tata’s most profitable arm faces complex and unpredictable 2017 MUMBAI: Moving the head of Tata Consultancy Services to the top job at Tata Sons’ holding company fills a critical hole for the salt-to-software conglomerate, but it leaves another at its most valuable company ahead of a complex and unpredictable 2017. The promotion of Tata veteran Natarajan Chandrasekaran – the well-regarded, high-performing boss of TCS under whom shares have quadrupled – should be no surprise. But the departure of Chandrasekaran, known as Chandra, from the Tata group’s most profitable arm still rattled investors. They sent TCS shares down more than 4% last Friday, a day after it also posted better-than-expected quarterly results. “The IT industry is facing headwinds, and shareholders would have preferred Chandra to stay as CEO for some more time,” said Souvik Guha, an analyst with Shriram Asset Management, which owns shares in TCS. Indeed, for Tata Sons, promoting one-time Tata intern Chandrasekaran to chairman of the US$100bil conglomerate is something of a gamble: to help unpick the group’s boardroom troubles, he leaves behind the growth engine and crown jewel. The vast majority of Tata Sons’ annual revenue comes from dividend payouts. Key businesses include Tata Steel and Jaguar Land Rover-owner Tata Motors. But TCS, with its IT services and consulting businesses, accounts for nearly 90% of total group revenue. Investor concerns highlight the outsized importance of TCS, more than 70% owned by Tata. “Investors were more confident about Chandra,” said a fund manager at a local mutual fund, which owns shares in TCS. “In a tough time when volume growth is elusive, you want someone with a proven track record and it would been preferable to have someone from the business side.” Chandrasekaran has been replaced at TCS by Rajesh Gopinathan, described by analysts and insiders as a meticulous operations man. Fund managers fret, however, over the vision for the IT services firm, at a time when it needs to tackle slowing growth in the industry and a problematic period ahead. From an incoming Donald Trump administration in the United States, determined to clamp down on visas vital to the smooth operations of IT services companies in their biggest market, to the still unravelling fallout from Britain’s move to bow out of the European Union, TCS will face one of its most complex years. Some also fear that Chandra will have little opportunity to lavish attention on TCS in the new role, as he will be saddled with untying the Gordian knot of Tata Sons politics, and also overseeing 200 group companies – all against the background of a bitter ongoing spat with its ousted chairman Cyrus Mistry. Mistry has publicly detailed the complex array of problems the conglomerate faces from its troubled European steel segment, from ethical concerns to allegations of fraudulent transactions at its AirAsia India joint-venture, and a host of other issues. Chandra, who joined the Tata group in 1987, rose through the ranks to become TCS CEO in 2009. Under his leadership, TCS revenue has risen almost four-fold and its workforce has almost tripled. TCS has fared better than rivals Infosys and Wipro. This is despite a rapidly evolving landscape that has forced IT services players to rethink some increasingly commoditised services and innovate with offerings such as automation and artificial intelligence to win clients and boost revenue. The size of TCS has long been its strength, but the changes in the industry mean its size could also become a challenge. “In a time marked with multiple challenges and key headwinds impacting the IT sector, this is not an apt moment to rock the boat for TCS,” said Reliance Securities analyst Harit Shah, adding that Chandra’s relationships will be missed. TCS has more than tripled the number of its US$100mil plus accounts in the last six years to 34 from 10, according to data from JPMorgan. Over that same period, Infosys has only grown that customer base to 18 from 11. Its stock has also vastly outperformed both Infosys and its third-largest Indian rival, Wipro, in that same period. Inside the company, executives at the 350,000-strong firm are more confident, describing the new TCS chief, Gopinathan, as “hands-on”. “Chandra will be at the helm and he will continue to guide the new CEO,” said RK Gupta, managing director at Taurus Asset Management, which owns TCS shares. – Reuters Tags / Keywords: Tata Related Stories Tata names Chandra as new chairman Tata Consultancy profit beats estimates as cloud push pays off India’s Tata Sons appoints new chairman AirAsia India offers to provide full info in India probe India’s Tata sues ex-chief for alleged breach of confidentiality You May Be Interested Making money from money TV advertising unfazed by onset of digital platforms Mitrajaya rides on construction boom Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries Missing tourist boat: I'm monitoring SAR developments closely, says Najib Ponkan oranges choice of the season Property Related advertisement Latest News Teaching older kids about money US companies scramble to cope with 7-country immigration ban Trump immigration curbs cause worldwide chaos, panic, anger Half of Brazil's population lack full property rights, govt says Shell set to sell US$3b North Sea assets to Chrysaor Most Viewed in Business Joey Yap: Good time to invest as assets are cheap Trump immigration curbs cause worldwide chaos, panic, anger US companies scramble to cope with 7-country immigration ban Making money from money Congested development Make no excuses – put your head down, grit your teeth, just do it Unlocking value in MMC Giving banks a run for their money Teaching older kids about money Shell set to sell US$3b North Sea assets to Chrysaor advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance J P Morgan Chase & Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for J P Morgan Chase & Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News WesBanco, Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.65 Per Share (WSBC) National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Blue Fin Capital Inc. Decreases Position in J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) January 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Blue Fin Capital Inc. reduced its stake in shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) by 2.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 16,579 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 350 shares during the period. Blue Fin Capital Inc.’s holdings in J P Morgan Chase & Co were worth $1,104,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. boosted its stake in J P Morgan Chase & Co by 0.7% in the second quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 2,014 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $125,000 after buying an additional 14 shares in the last quarter. Vigilant Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in J P Morgan Chase & Co by 22.1% in the second quarter. Vigilant Capital Management LLC now owns 2,079 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 376 shares in the last quarter. CT Financial Advisors LLC boosted its stake in J P Morgan Chase & Co by 4.2% in the third quarter. CT Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,187 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $146,000 after buying an additional 89 shares in the last quarter. Hanson McClain Inc. boosted its stake in J P Morgan Chase & Co by 1.3% in the second quarter. Hanson McClain Inc. now owns 2,384 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $148,000 after buying an additional 31 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Gemmer Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in J P Morgan Chase & Co by 1.7% in the second quarter. Gemmer Asset Management LLC now owns 2,778 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $173,000 after buying an additional 47 shares in the last quarter. 72.33% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) traded up 0.53% on Friday, reaching $86.70. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 28,295,985 shares. The company has a market cap of $310.19 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.96 and a beta of 1.54. J P Morgan Chase & Co has a 12-month low of $52.50 and a 12-month high of $88.17. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $84.82 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.50. J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.71 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.42 by $0.29. J P Morgan Chase & Co had a return on equity of 10.47% and a net margin of 22.92%. The firm earned $24.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.95 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $1.68 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 2.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts forecast that J P Morgan Chase & Co will post $5.91 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 31st. Shareholders of record on Friday, January 6th will be paid a dividend of $0.48 per share. This represents a $1.92 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.21%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, January 4th. J P Morgan Chase & Co’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 31.02%. WARNING: “Blue Fin Capital Inc. Decreases Position in J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/15/blue-fin-capital-inc-decreases-position-in-j-p-morgan-chase-co-jpm.html. Several research firms have recently weighed in on JPM. Sandler O’Neill cut J P Morgan Chase & Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $72.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Thursday, October 6th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co in a research report on Wednesday. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $70.00 target price on shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co in a research report on Wednesday. Credit Suisse Group reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $78.00 target price on shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co in a research report on Thursday, November 3rd. Finally, Jefferies Group raised their target price on J P Morgan Chase & Co from $67.00 to $77.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, October 10th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and twenty-one have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $75.39. In other news, CFO Marianne Lake sold 14,083 shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co stock in a transaction dated Monday, October 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $67.26, for a total value of $947,222.58. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 16,581 shares in the company, valued at $1,115,238.06. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO Mary E. Erdoes sold 25,542 shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co stock in a transaction dated Monday, October 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $67.26, for a total value of $1,717,954.92. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 291,080 shares in the company, valued at approximately $19,578,040.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. About J P Morgan Chase & Co JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment serves consumers and businesses through personal service at bank branches and through automatic teller machines, online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for J P Morgan Chase & Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for J P Morgan Chase & Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Blogs Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Markets Photos Videos PSUs CEO toons Personal Finance Small Business ALL News » Business » India Business News » As TCS boss Natarajan Chandrasekaran moves to HQ, investors fret over future PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM Top 10 Business Stories of 2016 First ride: Bajaj Dominar 400 MFs can invest in REITs, INVITs Tata Hexa vs Mahindra XUV500 RBI staff write to Urjit Patel Maruti Suzuki launches Ignis Trade deficit narrows in December As TCS boss Natarajan Chandrasekaran moves to HQ, investors fret over future The departure of Chandrasekaran from the Tata group's most profitable arm still rattled investors. They sent TCS shares down more than 4 percent on Friday, a day after it also posted better-than-expected quarterly results. Investor concerns highlight the outsized importance of TCS, more than 70 percent owned by Tata.Reuters | Updated: Jan 15, 2017, 01.43 PM IST Highlights Tata Consultancy Services Natarajan Chandrasekaran now group chairman Chandra's promotion leaves hole at group's most profitable company The promotion has come at a time of headwinds for IT industryNatarajan Chandrasekaran (Reuters Photo) MUMBAI: Moving the head of Tata Consultancy Services to the top job at Tata Sons' holding company fills a critical hole for the salt-to-software conglomerate, but it leaves another at its most valuable company ahead of a complex and unpredictable 2017. The promotion of Tata veteran Natarajan Chandrasekaran - the well-regarded, high-performing boss of TCS under whom shares have quadrupled - should be no surprise. But the departure of Chandrasekaran, known as Chandra, from the Tata group's most profitable arm still rattled investors. They sent TCS shares down more than 4 percent on Friday, a day after it also posted better-than-expected quarterly results. "The IT industry is facing headwinds, and shareholders would have preferred Chandra to stay as CEO for some more time," said Souvik Guha, an analyst with Shriram Asset Management, which owns shares in TCS. Indeed, for Tata Sons, promoting one-time Tata intern Chandrasekaran to chairman of the $100 billion conglomerate is something of a gamble: to help unpick the group's boardroom troubles, he leaves behind the growth engine and crown jewel. The vast majority of Tata Sons' annual revenue comes from dividend payouts. Key businesses include Tata Steel and Jaguar Land Rover-owner Tata Motors. But TCS, with its IT services and consulting businesses, accounts for nearly 90 percent of total group revenue. Investor concerns highlight the outsized importance of TCS, more than 70 percent owned by Tata. "Investors were more confident about Chandra," said a fund manager at a local mutual fund, which owns shares in TCS. "In a tough time when volume growth is elusive, you want someone with a proven track record and it would been preferable to have someone from the business side." Chandrasekaran has been replaced at TCS by Rajesh Gopinathan, described by analysts and insiders as a meticulous operations man. Fund managers fret, however, over the vision for the IT services firm, at a time when it needs to tackle slowing growth in the industry and a problematic period ahead. From an incoming Donald Trump administration in the United States, determined to clamp down on visas vital to the smooth operations of IT services companies in their biggest market, to the still unravelling fallout from Britain's move to bow out of the European Union, TCS will face one of its most complex years. Some also fear that Chandra will have little opportunity to lavish attention on TCS in the new role, as he will be saddled with untying the Gordian knot of Tata Sons politics, and also overseeing 200 group companies - all against the background of a bitter ongoing spat with its ousted chairman Cyrus Mistry. Mistry has publicly detailed the complex array of problems the conglomerate faces from its troubled European steel segment, from ethical concerns to allegations of fraudulent transactions at its Air Asia India joint-venture, and a host of other issues. ROCKING THE BOAT Chandra, who joined the Tata group in 1987, rose through the ranks to become TCS CEO in 2009. Under his leadership, TCS revenue has risen almost fourfold and its workforce has almost tripled. TCS has fared better than rivals Infosys and Wipro. This is despite a rapidly evolving landscape that has forced IT services players to rethink some increasingly commoditised services and innovate with offerings such as automation and artificial intelligence to win clients and boost revenue. The size of TCS has long been its strength, but the changes in the industry mean its size could also become a challenge. "In a time marked with multiple challenges and key headwinds impacting the IT sector, this is not an apt moment to rock the boat for TCS," said Reliance Securities analyst Harit Shah, adding that Chandra's relationships will be missed. TCS has more than tripled the number of its $100 million plus accounts in the last six years to 34 from 10, according to data from JPMorgan. Over that same period, Infosys has only grown that customer base to 18 from 11. Its stock has also vastly outperformed both Infosys and its third-largest Indian rival, Wipro, in that same period. Inside the company, executives at the 350,000-strong firm are more confident, describing the new TCS chief, Gopinathan, as "hands-on". ""Chandra will be at the helm and he will continue to guide the new CEO," said RK Gupta, managing director at Taurus Asset Management, which owns TCS shares. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular Maruti Suzuki launches Ignis at Rs 4.59 lakh Pak should 'neutralize' terror groups, says Donald Trump's pick for US defence secretary James Mattis Split captaincy doesn't work in India: MS Dhoni SEBI allows MFs to invest in REITs, INVITs Mutual funds will be allowed to invest in real estate investment trusts (REITs) and infrastructure investment trusts (InvITs), the market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) said. Takata to pay $1 billion for hiding defect Takata has agreed to plead guilty to a single criminal charge and will pay $1 billion in fines and restitution for a years-long scheme to conceal a deadly defect in its automotive air bag inflators. Read MoreTCS by Rajesh GopinathanTata SonsTata MotorTata Consultancy ServicesTata Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Assocham makes strong case for budget presentation on February 1 Amazon India to create over 7,500 temporary jobs before sale Top seven cos add Rs 37,833 crore in market cap 1As TCS boss Natarajan Chandrasekaran moves to HQ, investors fret over future 2Assocham makes strong case for budget presentation on February 1 3Amazon India to create over 7,500 temporary jobs before sale 4Top seven cos add Rs 37,833 crore in market cap About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Google Pixel Price in India | iPhone 7 Plus Review | Diwali Pooja 2016 | Bigg Boss 10 FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Currency Demonetisation Narendra Modi Arvind Kejriwal Bigg Boss 10 Rahul Gandhi Sushma Swaraj Live Score: Ranji Trophy final Filmfare Awards 2017 Ok Jaanu Review Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Corporate As its boss moves to Tata HQ, investors fret over TCS future As its boss moves to Tata HQ, investors fret over TCS future Source : Last Updated: Sun, Jan 15, 2017 14:55 hrs Tweet Mail Print Moving the head of Tata Consultancy Services to the top job at Tata Sons' holding company fills a critical hole for the salt-to-software conglomerate, but it leaves another at its most valuable company ahead of a complex and unpredictable 2017. The promotion of Tata veteran Natarajan Chandrasekaran - the well-regarded, high-performing boss of TCS under whom shares have quadrupled - should be no surprise. But the departure of Chandrasekaran, known as Chandra, from the Tata group's most profitable arm still rattled investors. They sent TCS shares down more than 4 percent on Friday, a day after it also posted better-than-expected quarterly results. "The IT industry is facing headwinds, and shareholders would have preferred Chandra to stay as CEO for some more time," said Souvik Guha, an analyst with Shriram Asset Management, which owns shares in TCS. Indeed, for Tata Sons, promoting one-time Tata intern Chandrasekaran to chairman of the $100 billion conglomerate is something of a gamble: to help unpick the group's boardroom troubles, he leaves behind the growth engine and crown jewel. The vast majority of Tata Sons' annual revenue comes from dividend payouts. Key businesses include Tata Steel and Jaguar Land Rover-owner Tata Motors. But TCS, with its IT services and consulting businesses, accounts for nearly 90 percent of total group revenue. Investor concerns highlight the outsized importance of TCS, more than 70 percent owned by Tata. "Investors were more confident about Chandra," said a fund manager at a local mutual fund, which owns shares in TCS. "In a tough time when volume growth is elusive, you want someone with a proven track record and it would been preferable to have someone from the business side." Chandrasekaran has been replaced at TCS by Rajesh Gopinathan, described by analysts and insiders as a meticulous operations man. Fund managers fret, however, over the vision for the IT services firm, at a time when it needs to tackle slowing growth in the industry and a problematic period ahead. From an incoming Donald Trump administration in the United States, determined to clamp down on visas vital to the smooth operations of IT services companies in their biggest market, to the still unravelling fallout from Britain's move to bow out of the European Union, TCS will face one of its most complex years. Some also fear that Chandra will have little opportunity to lavish attention on TCS in the new role, as he will be saddled with untying the Gordian knot of Tata Sons politics, and also overseeing 200 group companies - all against the background of a bitter ongoing spat with its ousted chairman Cyrus Mistry. Mistry has publicly detailed the complex array of problems the conglomerate faces from its troubled European steel segment, from ethical concerns to allegations of fraudulent transactions at its Air Asia India joint-venture, and a host of other issues. ROCKING THE BOAT Chandra, who joined the Tata group in 1987, rose through the ranks to become TCS CEO in 2009. Under his leadership, TCS revenue has risen almost fourfold and its workforce has almost tripled. TCS has fared better than rivals Infosys and Wipro . This is despite a rapidly evolving landscape that has forced IT services players to rethink some increasingly commoditised services and innovate with offerings such as automation and artificial intelligence to win clients and boost revenue. The size of TCS has long been its strength, but the changes in the industry mean its size could also become a challenge. "In a time marked with multiple challenges and key headwinds impacting the IT sector, this is not an apt moment to rock the boat for TCS," said Reliance Securities analyst Harit Shah, adding that Chandra's relationships will be missed. TCS has more than tripled the number of its $100 million plus accounts in the last six years to 34 from 10, according to data from JPMorgan. Over that same period, Infosys has only grown that customer base to 18 from 11. Its stock has also vastly outperformed both Infosys and its third-largest Indian rival, Wipro, in that same period. Inside the company, executives at the 350,000-strong firm are more confident, describing the new TCS chief, Gopinathan, as "hands-on". ""Chandra will be at the helm and he will continue to guide the new CEO," said RK Gupta, managing director at Taurus Asset Management, which owns TCS shares. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28120.00 (-0.46%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28830.00 (0.8%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0.35%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28440.00 (-0.59%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27600.00 (-0.36%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27750.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28250.00 (-0.07%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Budget newsDemonetisation news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Budget 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise PRESENTING SPONSOR CO-SPONSOR PARTNERS Home » Industry Last Modified: Sun, Jan 15 2017. 10 06 PM IST As N. Chandrasekaran moves to Tata HQ, investors fret over TCS future Analysts say shareholders would have preferred N. Chandrasekaran to stay as TCS CEO for some more time Subscribe to our newsletter. Devidutta TripathySankalp Phartiyal TCS has more than tripled the number of its $100 million plus accounts in the last six years to 34 from 10, according to data from JPMorgan. Photo: Mint Mumbai: Moving the head of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) to the top job at Tata Sons’ holding company fills a critical hole for the salt-to-software conglomerate, but it leaves another at its most valuable company ahead of a complex and unpredictable 2017. The promotion of Tata veteran Natarajan Chandrasekaran—the well-regarded, high-performing boss of TCS under whom shares have quadrupled - should be no surprise. But the departure of Chandrasekaran, known as Chandra, from the Tata group’s most profitable arm still rattled investors. They sent TCS shares down more than 4% on Friday, a day after it also posted better-than-expected quarterly results. “The IT industry is facing headwinds, and shareholders would have preferred Chandra to stay as CEO for some more time,” said Souvik Guha, an analyst with Shriram Asset Management, which owns shares in TCS. Indeed, for Tata Sons, promoting one-time Tata intern Chandrasekaran to chairman of the $100 billion conglomerate is something of a gamble: to help unpick the group’s boardroom troubles, he leaves behind the growth engine and crown jewel. The vast majority of Tata Sons’ annual revenue comes from dividend payouts. Key businesses include Tata Steel and Jaguar Land Rover-owner Tata Motors. But TCS, with its IT services and consulting businesses, accounts for nearly 90% of total group revenue. Investor concerns highlight the outsized importance of TCS, more than 70% owned by Tata. “Investors were more confident about Chandra,” said a fund manager at a local mutual fund, which owns shares in TCS. “In a tough time when volume growth is elusive, you want someone with a proven track record and it would been preferable to have someone from the business side.” Chandrasekaran has been replaced at TCS by Rajesh Gopinathan, described by analysts and insiders as a meticulous operations man. Fund managers fret, however, over the vision for the IT services firm, at a time when it needs to tackle slowing growth in the industry and a problematic period ahead. From an incoming Donald Trump administration in the United States, determined to clamp down on visas vital to the smooth operations of IT services companies in their biggest market, to the still unravelling fallout from Britain’s move to bow out of the European Union, TCS will face one of its most complex years. Some also fear that Chandra will have little opportunity to lavish attention on TCS in the new role, as he will be saddled with untying the Gordian knot of Tata Sons politics, and also overseeing 200 group companies - all against the background of a bitter ongoing spat with its ousted chairman Cyrus Mistry. Mistry has publicly detailed the complex array of problems the conglomerate faces from its troubled European steel segment, from ethical concerns to allegations of fraudulent transactions at its Air Asia India joint-venture, and a host of other issues. Chandra, who joined the Tata group in 1987, rose through the ranks to become TCS CEO in 2009. Under his leadership, TCS revenue has risen almost fourfold and its workforce has almost tripled. TCS has fared better than rivals Infosys and Wipro. This is despite a rapidly evolving landscape that has forced IT services players to rethink some increasingly commoditised services and innovate with offerings such as automation and artificial intelligence to win clients and boost revenue. The size of TCS has long been its strength, but the changes in the industry mean its size could also become a challenge. “In a time marked with multiple challenges and key headwinds impacting the IT sector, this is not an apt moment to rock the boat for TCS,” said Reliance Securities analyst Harit Shah, adding that Chandra’s relationships will be missed. TCS has more than tripled the number of its $100 million plus accounts in the last six years to 34 from 10, according to data from JPMorgan. Over that same period, Infosys has only grown that customer base to 18 from 11. Its stock has also vastly outperformed both Infosys and its third-largest Indian rival, Wipro, in that same period. Inside the company, executives at the 350,000-strong firm are more confident, describing the new TCS chief, Gopinathan, as “hands-on”. “”Chandra will be at the helm and he will continue to guide the new CEO,” said R.K. Gupta, managing director at Taurus Asset Management, which owns TCS shares. Reuters Additional reporting by Aby Jose Koilparambil, Suvashree Choudhury, Arathy Nair, Savio Shetty, Aditi Shah, Euan Rocha and Promit Mukherjee. Devidutta TripathySankalp Phartiyal Topics: TCSNatarajan ChandrasekaranTata SonsinvestorsRajesh Gopinathan More From Livemint READ MORE DU to launch mobile app to keep tab on students’ attendance Rs5,583 crore withdrawn from Jan Dhan accounts in a month post note ban Banks eyeing big-ticket reforms in budget: Survey First Published: Sun, Jan 15 2017. 01 55 PM IST Editor's Picks Why we should be wary of ‘viral’ narratives about economic policy BSE listing: Sebi sets process to address potential conflict A portrait of a soldier’s wife Latest News DU to launch mobile app to keep tab on students’ attendance Rs5,583 crore withdrawn from Jan Dhan accounts in a month post note ban Banks eyeing big-ticket reforms in budget: Survey Tax department leans on Big Data analytics to mark out multiple PAN holders Finance ministry may scrap sugar cess in Budget 2017 Mint On Sunday The real dangal What's really behind the Bhangar agitation? Letter from... earth The four-and-a-half-day week Of the Australian Open and why the old codgers still dominate tennis  Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Budget 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Co-Sponsor Associate Sponsor Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest News Budget 2017 Gossip Compare India Australian Open Hockey League #SWAGphoneHonor6X Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest NewsBudget 2017GossipCompare IndiaAustralian OpenHockey League#SWAGphoneHonor6X Latest News Budget 2017 Gossip Compare India Australian Open Hockey League #SWAGphoneHonor6X As Its Boss Moves to Tata HQ, Investors Fret Over TCS Future Budgetary Expectations to Keep Equities Markets Volatile FM Jaitley May Hike Service Tax to 16-18% in Budget Govt May Make Aadhaar Card Must for Rail Concession in Budget 2017 News18 » Business 3-min read As Its Boss Moves to Tata HQ, Investors Fret Over TCS Future Reuters First published: January 15, 2017, 8:48 AM IST | Updated: January 15, 2017 TCS Chief Executive N. Chandrasekaran speaks during a news conference in Mumbai/REUTERS/File Photo. Mumbai: Moving the head of Tata Consultancy Services to the top job at Tata Sons' holding company fills a critical hole for the salt-to-software conglomerate, but it leaves another at its most valuable company ahead of a complex and unpredictable 2017. The promotion of Tata veteran Natarajan Chandrasekaran - the well-regarded, high-performing boss of TCS under whom shares has quadrupled - should be no surprise. But the departure of Chandrasekaran, known as Chandra, from the Tata group's most profitable arm still rattled investors. They sent TCS shares down more than 4 percent on Friday, a day after it also posted better-than-expected quarterly results. "The IT industry is facing headwinds, and shareholders would have preferred Chandra to stay as CEO for some more time," said Souvik Guha, an analyst with Shriram Asset Management, which owns shares in TCS. Indeed, for Tata Sons, promoting one-time Tata intern Chandrasekaran to chairman of the $100 billion conglomerate is something of a gamble: to help unpick the group's boardroom troubles, he leaves behind the growth engine and crown jewel. The vast majority of Tata Sons' annual revenue comes from dividend payouts. Key businesses include Tata Steel and Jaguar Land Rover-owner Tata Motors. But TCS, with its IT services and consulting businesses, accounts for nearly 90 percent of total group revenue. Investor concerns highlight the outsized importance of TCS, more than 70 percent owned by Tata. "Investors were more confident about Chandra," said a fund manager at a local mutual fund, which owns shares in TCS. "In a tough time when volume growth is elusive, you want someone with a proven track record and it would been preferable to have someone from the business side." Chandrasekaran has been replaced at TCS by Rajesh Gopinathan, described by analysts and insiders as a meticulous operations man. Fund managers fret, however, over the vision for the IT services firm, at a time when it needs to tackle slowing growth in the industry and a problematic period ahead. From an incoming Donald Trump administration in the United States, determined to clamp down on visas vital to the smooth operations of IT services companies in their biggest market, to the still unravelling fallout from Britain's move to bow out of the European Union, TCS will face one of its most complex years. Some also fear that Chandra will have little opportunity to lavish attention on TCS in the new role, as he will be saddled with untying the Gordian knot of Tata Sons politics, and also overseeing 200 group companies - all against the background of a bitter ongoing spat with its ousted chairman Cyrus Mistry. Mistry has publicly detailed the complex array of problems the conglomerate faces from its troubled European steel segment, from ethical concerns to allegations of fraudulent transactions at its Air Asia India joint-venture, and a host of other issues. ROCKING THE BOAT Chandra, who joined the Tata group in 1987, rose through the ranks to become TCS CEO in 2009. Under his leadership, TCS revenue has risen almost fourfold and its workforce has almost tripled. TCS has fared better than rivals Infosys and Wipro. This is despite a rapidly evolving landscape that has forced IT services players to rethink some increasingly commoditised services and innovate with offerings such as automation and artificial intelligence to win clients and boost revenue. The size of TCS has long been its strength, but the changes in the industry mean its size could also become a challenge. "In a time marked with multiple challenges and key headwinds impacting the IT sector, this is not an apt moment to rock the boat for TCS," said Reliance Securities analyst Harit Shah, adding that Chandra's relationships will be missed. TCS has more than tripled the number of its $100 million plus accounts in the last six years to 34 from 10, according to data from JPMorgan. Over that same period, Infosys has only grown that customer base to 18 from 11. Its stock has also vastly outperformed both Infosys and its third-largest Indian rival, Wipro, in that same period. Inside the company, executives at the 350,000-strong firm are more confident, describing the new TCS chief, Gopinathan, as "hands-on". "Chandra will be at the helm and he will continue to guide the new CEO," said RK Gupta, managing director at Taurus Asset Management, which owns TCS shares. tata tata consultancy services Tata Sons tcs Recommended For You Aus Open 2017: Sachin Tendulkar Gears Up to Cheer for Roger Federer Star Tech: Watch SWAG King Raftaar's Take on Technology India U-19 Trainer Rajesh Sawant Found Dead in Hotel Room Maruti Suzuki Baleno RS: All You Need to Know Before the Launch Hero Motocorp and The Viral Fever Salutes The Indian Army Soldiers - 'The Real Heroes' Of The Country About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News BJP Instigate Attack on Bhansali, Says Digvijaya Singh UP Elections 2017: In Akhilesh Yadav's Presence, Rahul Gandhi Praises Mayawati EC Orders FIR Against Arvind Kejriwal For Goa Bribe Remarks Jallikattu Uprising Drowned Out 'Chinnamma for CM' Chorus Bigg Boss 10: Manu Leaves Winner's Race, Walks Out With Rs 10 Lakhs Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Presented by In Association With Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Fixing drug prices: Regulator issues ultimatum to firms, seeks price data Automobile exports from India decline by 5% in 2016 Business Standard As its boss moves to Tata HQ, investors fret over TCS future TCS, with its IT services and consulting businesses, accounts for nearly 90% of total group revenue Reuters  |  Mumbai  January 15, 2017 Last Updated at 10:40 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USdsSZ N Chandrasekaran (Photo: Kamlesh Pednekar) ALSO READ How the papers covered N Chandrasekaran's appointment to Tata Sons top job In Tata's boardroom battle, TCS has most to lose Mistry leadership intolerant to critical reports: Tata Sons Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry A day after Cyrus Mistry exit, Ratan Tata tells CEOs it's business as usual Moving the head of Tata Consultancy Services to the top job at Tata Sons' holding company fills a critical hole for the salt-to-software conglomerate, but it leaves another at its most valuable company ahead of a complex and unpredictable 2017. The promotion of Tata veteran Natarajan Chandrasekaran - the well-regarded, high-performing boss of TCS under whom shares have quadrupled - should be no surprise. But the departure of Chandrasekaran, known as Chandra, from the Tata group's most profitable arm still rattled investors. They sent TCS shares down more than 4 per cent on Friday, a day after it also posted better-than-expected quarterly results. "The IT industry is facing headwinds, and shareholders would have preferred Chandra to stay as CEO for some more time," said Souvik Guha, an analyst with Shriram Asset Management, which owns shares in TCS. Indeed, for Tata Sons, promoting one-time Tata intern Chandrasekaran to chairman of the $100 billion conglomerate is something of a gamble: to help unpick the group's boardroom troubles, he leaves behind the growth engine and crown jewel. The vast majority of Tata Sons' annual revenue comes from dividend payouts. Key businesses include Tata Steel and Jaguar Land Rover-owner Tata Motors. But TCS, with its IT services and consulting businesses, accounts for nearly 90 per cent of total group revenue. Investor concerns highlight the outsized importance of TCS, more than 70 percent owned by Tata. "Investors were more confident about Chandra," said a fund manager at a local mutual fund, which owns shares in TCS. "In a tough time when volume growth is elusive, you want someone with a proven track record and it would been preferable to have someone from the business side." Chandrasekaran has been replaced at TCS by Rajesh Gopinathan, described by analysts and insiders as a meticulous operations man. Fund managers fret, however, over the vision for the IT services firm, at a time when it needs to tackle slowing growth in the industry and a problematic period ahead. From an incoming Donald Trump administration in the United States, determined to clamp down on visas vital to the smooth operations of IT services companies in their biggest market, to the still unravelling fallout from Britain's move to bow out of the European Union, TCS will face one of its most complex years. Some also fear that Chandra will have little opportunity to lavish attention on TCS in the new role, as he will be saddled with untying the Gordian knot of Tata Sons politics, and also overseeing 200 group companies - all against the background of a bitter ongoing spat with its ousted chairman Cyrus Mistry. Mistry has publicly detailed the complex array of problems the conglomerate faces from its troubled European steel segment, from ethical concerns to allegations of fraudulent transactions at its Air Asia India joint-venture, and a host of other issues. Rocking the Boat Chandra, who joined the Tata group in 1987, rose through the ranks to become TCS CEO in 2009. Under his leadership, TCS revenue has risen almost fourfold and its workforce has almost tripled. TCS has fared better than rivals Infosys and Wipro. This is despite a rapidly evolving landscape that has forced IT services players to rethink some increasingly commoditised services and innovate with offerings such as automation and artificial intelligence to win clients and boost revenue. The size of TCS has long been its strength, but the changes in the industry mean its size could also become a challenge. "In a time marked with multiple challenges and key headwinds impacting the IT sector, this is not an apt moment to rock the boat for TCS," said Reliance Securities analyst Harit Shah, adding that Chandra's relationships will be missed. TCS has more than tripled the number of its $100 million plus accounts in the last six years to 34 from 10, according to data from JPMorgan. Over that same period, Infosys has only grown that customer base to 18 from 11. Its stock has also vastly outperformed both Infosys and its third-largest Indian rival, Wipro, in that same period. Inside the company, executives at the 350,000-strong firm are more confident, describing the new TCS chief, Gopinathan, as "hands-on". ""Chandra will be at the helm and he will continue to guide the new CEO," said RK Gupta, managing director at Taurus Asset Management, which owns TCS shares. Read More On Tcs | Natarajan Chandrasekaran | Tata Sons | Tata Steel | Jaguar Land Rover | Rajesh Gopinathan | Donald Trump | United States | European Union | Cyrus Mistry | Air Asia India | Infosys | Wipro | Jpmorgan PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? As its boss moves to Tata HQ, investors fret over TCS future TCS, with its IT services and consulting businesses, accounts for nearly 90% of total group revenue TCS, with its IT services and consulting businesses, accounts for nearly 90% of total group revenue Moving the head of Tata Consultancy Services to the top job at Tata Sons' holding company fills a critical hole for the salt-to-software conglomerate, but it leaves another at its most valuable company ahead of a complex and unpredictable 2017. The promotion of Tata veteran Natarajan Chandrasekaran - the well-regarded, high-performing boss of TCS under whom shares have quadrupled - should be no surprise. But the departure of Chandrasekaran, known as Chandra, from the Tata group's most profitable arm still rattled investors. They sent TCS shares down more than 4 per cent on Friday, a day after it also posted better-than-expected quarterly results. "The IT industry is facing headwinds, and shareholders would have preferred Chandra to stay as CEO for some more time," said Souvik Guha, an analyst with Shriram Asset Management, which owns shares in TCS. Indeed, for Tata Sons, promoting one-time Tata intern Chandrasekaran to chairman of the $100 billion conglomerate is something of a gamble: to help unpick the group's boardroom troubles, he leaves behind the growth engine and crown jewel. The vast majority of Tata Sons' annual revenue comes from dividend payouts. Key businesses include Tata Steel and Jaguar Land Rover-owner Tata Motors. But TCS, with its IT services and consulting businesses, accounts for nearly 90 per cent of total group revenue. Investor concerns highlight the outsized importance of TCS, more than 70 percent owned by Tata. "Investors were more confident about Chandra," said a fund manager at a local mutual fund, which owns shares in TCS. "In a tough time when volume growth is elusive, you want someone with a proven track record and it would been preferable to have someone from the business side." Chandrasekaran has been replaced at TCS by Rajesh Gopinathan, described by analysts and insiders as a meticulous operations man. Fund managers fret, however, over the vision for the IT services firm, at a time when it needs to tackle slowing growth in the industry and a problematic period ahead. From an incoming Donald Trump administration in the United States, determined to clamp down on visas vital to the smooth operations of IT services companies in their biggest market, to the still unravelling fallout from Britain's move to bow out of the European Union, TCS will face one of its most complex years. Some also fear that Chandra will have little opportunity to lavish attention on TCS in the new role, as he will be saddled with untying the Gordian knot of Tata Sons politics, and also overseeing 200 group companies - all against the background of a bitter ongoing spat with its ousted chairman Cyrus Mistry. Mistry has publicly detailed the complex array of problems the conglomerate faces from its troubled European steel segment, from ethical concerns to allegations of fraudulent transactions at its Air Asia India joint-venture, and a host of other issues. Rocking the Boat Chandra, who joined the Tata group in 1987, rose through the ranks to become TCS CEO in 2009. Under his leadership, TCS revenue has risen almost fourfold and its workforce has almost tripled. TCS has fared better than rivals Infosys and Wipro. This is despite a rapidly evolving landscape that has forced IT services players to rethink some increasingly commoditised services and innovate with offerings such as automation and artificial intelligence to win clients and boost revenue. The size of TCS has long been its strength, but the changes in the industry mean its size could also become a challenge. "In a time marked with multiple challenges and key headwinds impacting the IT sector, this is not an apt moment to rock the boat for TCS," said Reliance Securities analyst Harit Shah, adding that Chandra's relationships will be missed. TCS has more than tripled the number of its $100 million plus accounts in the last six years to 34 from 10, according to data from JPMorgan. Over that same period, Infosys has only grown that customer base to 18 from 11. Its stock has also vastly outperformed both Infosys and its third-largest Indian rival, Wipro, in that same period. Inside the company, executives at the 350,000-strong firm are more confident, describing the new TCS chief, Gopinathan, as "hands-on". ""Chandra will be at the helm and he will continue to guide the new CEO," said RK Gupta, managing director at Taurus Asset Management, which owns TCS shares. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 As its boss moves to Tata HQ, investors fret over TCS future TCS, with its IT services and consulting businesses, accounts for nearly 90% of total group revenue Moving the head of Tata Consultancy Services to the top job at Tata Sons' holding company fills a critical hole for the salt-to-software conglomerate, but it leaves another at its most valuable company ahead of a complex and unpredictable 2017. The promotion of Tata veteran Natarajan Chandrasekaran - the well-regarded, high-performing boss of TCS under whom shares have quadrupled - should be no surprise. But the departure of Chandrasekaran, known as Chandra, from the Tata group's most profitable arm still rattled investors. They sent TCS shares down more than 4 per cent on Friday, a day after it also posted better-than-expected quarterly results. "The IT industry is facing headwinds, and shareholders would have preferred Chandra to stay as CEO for some more time," said Souvik Guha, an analyst with Shriram Asset Management, which owns shares in TCS. Indeed, for Tata Sons, promoting one-time Tata intern Chandrasekaran to chairman of the $100 billion conglomerate is something of a gamble: to help unpick the group's boardroom troubles, he leaves behind the growth engine and crown jewel. The vast majority of Tata Sons' annual revenue comes from dividend payouts. Key businesses include Tata Steel and Jaguar Land Rover-owner Tata Motors. But TCS, with its IT services and consulting businesses, accounts for nearly 90 per cent of total group revenue. Investor concerns highlight the outsized importance of TCS, more than 70 percent owned by Tata. "Investors were more confident about Chandra," said a fund manager at a local mutual fund, which owns shares in TCS. "In a tough time when volume growth is elusive, you want someone with a proven track record and it would been preferable to have someone from the business side." Chandrasekaran has been replaced at TCS by Rajesh Gopinathan, described by analysts and insiders as a meticulous operations man. Fund managers fret, however, over the vision for the IT services firm, at a time when it needs to tackle slowing growth in the industry and a problematic period ahead. From an incoming Donald Trump administration in the United States, determined to clamp down on visas vital to the smooth operations of IT services companies in their biggest market, to the still unravelling fallout from Britain's move to bow out of the European Union, TCS will face one of its most complex years. Some also fear that Chandra will have little opportunity to lavish attention on TCS in the new role, as he will be saddled with untying the Gordian knot of Tata Sons politics, and also overseeing 200 group companies - all against the background of a bitter ongoing spat with its ousted chairman Cyrus Mistry. Mistry has publicly detailed the complex array of problems the conglomerate faces from its troubled European steel segment, from ethical concerns to allegations of fraudulent transactions at its Air Asia India joint-venture, and a host of other issues. Rocking the Boat Chandra, who joined the Tata group in 1987, rose through the ranks to become TCS CEO in 2009. Under his leadership, TCS revenue has risen almost fourfold and its workforce has almost tripled. TCS has fared better than rivals Infosys and Wipro. This is despite a rapidly evolving landscape that has forced IT services players to rethink some increasingly commoditised services and innovate with offerings such as automation and artificial intelligence to win clients and boost revenue. The size of TCS has long been its strength, but the changes in the industry mean its size could also become a challenge. "In a time marked with multiple challenges and key headwinds impacting the IT sector, this is not an apt moment to rock the boat for TCS," said Reliance Securities analyst Harit Shah, adding that Chandra's relationships will be missed. TCS has more than tripled the number of its $100 million plus accounts in the last six years to 34 from 10, according to data from JPMorgan. Over that same period, Infosys has only grown that customer base to 18 from 11. Its stock has also vastly outperformed both Infosys and its third-largest Indian rival, Wipro, in that same period. Inside the company, executives at the 350,000-strong firm are more confident, describing the new TCS chief, Gopinathan, as "hands-on". ""Chandra will be at the helm and he will continue to guide the new CEO," said RK Gupta, managing director at Taurus Asset Management, which owns TCS shares. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video As its boss moves to Tata HQ, investors fret over TCS future Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Sat Jan 14, 2017 | 9:38pm EST As its boss moves to Tata HQ, investors fret over TCS future FILE PHOTO: Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) Chief Executive N. Chandrasekaran gestures as he speaks during a news conference in Mumbai, India, July 14, 2016. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade/File Photo By Devidutta Tripathy and Sankalp Phartiyal | MUMBAI MUMBAI Moving the head of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS.NS) to the top job at Tata Sons' holding company fills a critical hole for the salt-to-software conglomerate, but it leaves another at its most valuable company ahead of a complex and unpredictable 2017. The promotion of Tata veteran Natarajan Chandrasekaran - the well-regarded, high-performing boss of TCS under whom shares have quadrupled - should be no surprise. But the departure of Chandrasekaran, known as Chandra, from the Tata group's most profitable arm still rattled investors. They sent TCS shares down more than 4 percent on Friday, a day after it also posted better-than-expected quarterly results. "The IT industry is facing headwinds, and shareholders would have preferred Chandra to stay as CEO for some more time," said Souvik Guha, an analyst with Shriram Asset Management, which owns shares in TCS. Indeed, for Tata Sons, promoting one-time Tata intern Chandrasekaran to chairman of the $100 billion conglomerate is something of a gamble: to help unpick the group's boardroom troubles, he leaves behind the growth engine and crown jewel. The vast majority of Tata Sons' annual revenue comes from dividend payouts. Key businesses include Tata Steel (TISC.NS) and Jaguar Land Rover-owner Tata Motors (TAMO.NS). But TCS, with its IT services and consulting businesses, accounts for nearly 90 percent of total group revenue. Investor concerns highlight the outsized importance of TCS, more than 70 percent owned by Tata. "Investors were more confident about Chandra," said a fund manager at a local mutual fund, which owns shares in TCS. "In a tough time when volume growth is elusive, you want someone with a proven track record and it would been preferable to have someone from the business side." Chandrasekaran has been replaced at TCS by Rajesh Gopinathan, described by analysts and insiders as a meticulous operations man. Fund managers fret, however, over the vision for the IT services firm, at a time when it needs to tackle slowing growth in the industry and a problematic period ahead. From an incoming Donald Trump administration in the United States, determined to clamp down on visas vital to the smooth operations of IT services companies in their biggest market, to the still unravelling fallout from Britain's move to bow out of the European Union, TCS will face one of its most complex years. Some also fear that Chandra will have little opportunity to lavish attention on TCS in the new role, as he will be saddled with untying the Gordian knot of Tata Sons politics, and also overseeing 200 group companies - all against the background of a bitter ongoing spat with its ousted chairman Cyrus Mistry. Mistry has publicly detailed the complex array of problems the conglomerate faces from its troubled European steel segment, from ethical concerns to allegations of fraudulent transactions at its Air Asia India joint-venture, and a host of other issues. ROCKING THE BOAT Chandra, who joined the Tata group in 1987, rose through the ranks to become TCS CEO in 2009. Under his leadership, TCS revenue has risen almost fourfold and its workforce has almost tripled. TCS has fared better than rivals Infosys (INFY.NS) and Wipro (WIPR.NS). This is despite a rapidly evolving landscape that has forced IT services players to rethink some increasingly commoditized services and innovate with offerings such as automation and artificial intelligence to win clients and boost revenue. The size of TCS has long been its strength, but the changes in the industry mean its size could also become a challenge. "In a time marked with multiple challenges and key headwinds impacting the IT sector, this is not an apt moment to rock the boat for TCS," said Reliance Securities analyst Harit Shah, adding that Chandra's relationships will be missed. TCS has more than tripled the number of its $100 million plus accounts in the last six years to 34 from 10, according to data from JPMorgan. Over that same period, Infosys (INFY.NS) has only grown that customer base to 18 from 11. Its stock has also vastly outperformed both Infosys and its third-largest Indian rival, Wipro (WIPR.NS), in that same period. Inside the company, executives at the 350,000-strong firm are more confident, describing the new TCS chief, Gopinathan, as "hands-on". ""Chandra will be at the helm and he will continue to guide the new CEO," said RK Gupta, managing director at Taurus Asset Management, which owns TCS shares. (Additional reporting by Aby Jose Koilparambil, Suvashree Choudhury, Arathy Nair, Savio Shetty, Aditi Shah, Euan Rocha and Promit Mukherjee; Editing by Bill Tarrant) Next In Business News Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico MEXICO CITY Billionaire Carlos Slim said on Friday that Mexico should not fear Donald Trump, seeing opportunities for his country in the U.S. president's economic policies, and praising Mexicans for uniting behind their government in talks with the northern neighbor. Border tax ideas roil oil markets, favor Gulf Coast refiners HOUSTON/NEW YORK As with many industries now fretting over the uncertain future of U.S. trade policy, the oil business is sizing up the potential impact of the various protectionist measures being bandied about Washington - which have sent crude markets into a tizzy. Evoking Reagan and Thatcher, May hails new UK-U.S. 'special relationship' WASHINGTON Evoking the closeness of U.S. President Ronald Reagan and British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, Theresa May and Donald Trump shared a "warm conversation" at lunch on Friday to cement their own "special relationship", a source in May's team said. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad As its boss moves to Tata HQ, investors fret over TCS future By Reuters Published: 21:37 EST, 14 January 2017 | Updated: 21:37 EST, 14 January 2017 e-mail By Devidutta Tripathy and Sankalp Phartiyal MUMBAI, Jan 15 (Reuters) - Moving the head of Tata Consultancy Services to the top job at Tata Sons' holding company fills a critical hole for the salt-to-software conglomerate, but it leaves another at its most valuable company ahead of a complex and unpredictable 2017. The promotion of Tata veteran Natarajan Chandrasekaran - the well-regarded, high-performing boss of TCS under whom shares have quadrupled - should be no surprise. But the departure of Chandrasekaran, known as Chandra, from the Tata group's most profitable arm still rattled investors. They sent TCS shares down more than 4 percent on Friday, a day after it also posted better-than-expected quarterly results. "The IT industry is facing headwinds, and shareholders would have preferred Chandra to stay as CEO for some more time," said Souvik Guha, an analyst with Shriram Asset Management, which owns shares in TCS. Indeed, for Tata Sons, promoting one-time Tata intern Chandrasekaran to chairman of the $100 billion conglomerate is something of a gamble: to help unpick the group's boardroom troubles, he leaves behind the growth engine and crown jewel. The vast majority of Tata Sons' annual revenue comes from dividend payouts. Key businesses include Tata Steel and Jaguar Land Rover-owner Tata Motors. But TCS, with its IT services and consulting businesses, accounts for nearly 90 percent of total group revenue. Investor concerns highlight the outsized importance of TCS, more than 70 percent owned by Tata. "Investors were more confident about Chandra," said a fund manager at a local mutual fund, which owns shares in TCS. "In a tough time when volume growth is elusive, you want someone with a proven track record and it would been preferable to have someone from the business side." Chandrasekaran has been replaced at TCS by Rajesh Gopinathan, described by analysts and insiders as a meticulous operations man. Fund managers fret, however, over the vision for the IT services firm, at a time when it needs to tackle slowing growth in the industry and a problematic period ahead. From an incoming Donald Trump administration in the United States, determined to clamp down on visas vital to the smooth operations of IT services companies in their biggest market, to the still unravelling fallout from Britain's move to bow out of the European Union, TCS will face one of its most complex years. Some also fear that Chandra will have little opportunity to lavish attention on TCS in the new role, as he will be saddled with untying the Gordian knot of Tata Sons politics, and also overseeing 200 group companies - all against the background of a bitter ongoing spat with its ousted chairman Cyrus Mistry. Mistry has publicly detailed the complex array of problems the conglomerate faces from its troubled European steel segment, from ethical concerns to allegations of fraudulent transactions at its Air Asia India joint-venture, and a host of other issues. ROCKING THE BOAT Chandra, who joined the Tata group in 1987, rose through the ranks to become TCS CEO in 2009. Under his leadership, TCS revenue has risen almost fourfold and its workforce has almost tripled. TCS has fared better than rivals Infosys and Wipro . This is despite a rapidly evolving landscape that has forced IT services players to rethink some increasingly commoditised services and innovate with offerings such as automation and artificial intelligence to win clients and boost revenue. The size of TCS has long been its strength, but the changes in the industry mean its size could also become a challenge. "In a time marked with multiple challenges and key headwinds impacting the IT sector, this is not an apt moment to rock the boat for TCS," said Reliance Securities analyst Harit Shah, adding that Chandra's relationships will be missed. TCS has more than tripled the number of its $100 million plus accounts in the last six years to 34 from 10, according to data from JPMorgan. Over that same period, Infosys has only grown that customer base to 18 from 11. Its stock has also vastly outperformed both Infosys and its third-largest Indian rival, Wipro, in that same period. Inside the company, executives at the 350,000-strong firm are more confident, describing the new TCS chief, Gopinathan, as "hands-on". ""Chandra will be at the helm and he will continue to guide the new CEO," said RK Gupta, managing director at Taurus Asset Management, which owns TCS shares. (Additional reporting by Aby Jose Koilparambil, Suvashree Choudhury, Arathy Nair, Savio Shetty, Aditi Shah, Euan Rocha and Promit Mukherjee; Editing by Bill Tarrant) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'I found a bench and made my bed': Gail Porter reveals she was forced to sleep outdoors and now lives off just £200 a month... after being declared bankrupt The hardest-working top in the world! Kim Kardashian nearly spills out of cropped tank that shows off cleavage AND abs during Costa Rica dinner These boots are made for partying! Michelle Keegan cuts a stunning figure in clinging cream mini-dress and thigh-high boots for night on the town  'I'm lucky to have conceived naturally at 44': Geri Horner reveals delight in smooth delivery of son Montague... and admits she won't be a 'fanatic' about losing baby weight 'It's the reason we split!': Katie Price's ex-fiance Leandro Penna claims 'he ended their engagement after she bedded Simon Cowell... despite glamour model's firm denials'  She's got some front! Thandie Newton wows in plunging dress as she supports Westworld at the Producers Guild Of America Awards 'She could win the whole show!' Will.i.am left embarrassed on The Voice after failing to turn round for a contestant who co-wrote one of his hits Off to the races! Karolina Kurkova shows off curves in form-fitting cream dress and  big floppy hat at  Pegasus World Cup Actor Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he doesn't belong in this country PICTURED: Robin Thicke seen for first time after pulling out from events honouring late father Alan 'I gained 40 pounds': Katherine Heigl reveals her 'terror' as she packed on the pounds during her pregnancy with newborn son Joshua Twice as nice! Bella Thorne shares two topless photos after showing off new piercing in tight pink top Shake It Up actress shared risque photos  Star power: Supermodel Karlie Kloss to lead the runway at the David Jones Autumn/Winter show... as she models the latest collection of moody florals Just like dad! King Cairo, four, shows off his new grill during Costa Rica vacation...while Tyga poses up a storm with girlfriend Kylie Jenner Victoria's Secret Model Kelly Gale shows off her INCREDIBLY toned abs and impressive cleavage as she continues her luxury Bali vacation  Move aside boys! Martha Hunt shows off her incredible body as she takes over historic Muscle Beach for a sizzling photoshoot Bali beauty! The Bachelor's Megan Marx flaunts toned physique in TINY black bikini beachside as she enjoys her new island life with girlfriend Tiffany Scanlon  Kim Kardashian's jewels seized in the Paris heist 'have been MELTED and the only piece left is her £3.5m engagement ring, gang boss tells police' Sheer dazzling! Nicole Kidman stuns in an embellished gown at the Producers Guild Awards with husband Keith Urban Dapper Justin Timberlake dons designer black suit for Variety brunch celebrating Oscar nominees An incredible feet! David Beckham reveals his shoe collection rivals that of wife Victoria as he admits he owns 'thousands' of pairs of football boots Is Vince Colosimo wondering 'What if?' as I'm a Celebrity...kicks off without him after claims the actor was 'pulled' from the cast last minute due to drugs charges Incest, cannibalism, and parties for duck hunters & prostitutes dressed as ducks...but using the 'N word' was a dangerous step backwards in Taboo, by Jim Shelley Curves ahead! Kylie Jenner shows off her cleavage and flat stomach in eye-catching swimwear during family holiday in Costa Rica Kerry Washington shows off her incredible post-baby body in a semi-sheer dress as she hits the Producers Guild Awards red carpet  'He's a hypocrite': Calum Best put up for eviction by Jedward... as they battle against Kim Woodburn, Nicola McLean and Jamie O'Hara to stay in the CBB house Her sexiest selfie yet! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample bosom in teeny designer string bikini on family vacay in Costa Rica 'Another day in paradise': Bronzed beauty Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her hard-earned abs in a bright orange bikini on holiday in Abu Dhabi Back in black!: Olivia Newton-John, 68, looks radiant walking through LAX as she arrives from her Ireland and UK tour Jennifer Metcalfe steps out with boyfriend Greg Lake... after his ex-Geordie Shore co-star Gaz Beadle's cringey tweet about the Hollyoaks actress' relationship with Duncan James She's funny too! Emma Stone does her best Ryan Gosling impression as she promotes awards favorite La La Land PICTURE EXCLUSIVE! Chairlift for two? The Jump's Spencer Matthews and Vogue Williams put on a VERY cosy display as they hit the ski slopes 'I was numb to all the bullsh*t': Rihanna reveals past struggles while recording her Anti album on year anniversary Angelina Jolie rocks black leather pants and boots with silky top as she takes twins Knox and Vivienne, 8, shopping in Malibu Game Of Thrones' Maisie Williams showcases her svelte figure in black mini dress at SAG nominees event A vision in white! Kaley Cuoco wows in embellished mini dress for Entertainment Weekly bash Sadie Frost goes casual in joggers while cosying up to multi-millionaire beau Darren Strowger... as they join Jo Wood and her on-off boyfriend at glitzy birthday bash His leading lady! John Legend plants kiss on Chrissy Teigen as couple make arrival to Producers Guild Awards No Hidden Figures here! Taraji P Henson and Janelle Monae turn heads in delightful dresses at PGA Awards Natalie Portman pays tribute to her Jackie co-star Sir John Hurt after he dies at age 77 Pregnant star released a moving statement So didn't anyone tell Alesha Dixon it was Britain's Got Talent's 'bring your dog to work' day? ...or has she hidden one inside those giant flares?  Not just a pretty face! Victoria's Secret model Karlie Kloss is learning COMPUTER CODING and is launching a Kode with Klossy scholarship for women Charlotte McKinney puts on a leggy display in metallic bodycon dress... after revealing she was called a 's**t' growing up due to her ample chest Back in her bikini! Kim Kardashian shows off her stunning figure as she sunbathes in tiny two piece in Costa Rica Displayed her perfect curves Gaz Beadle's stunning girlfriend Emma McVey flashes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as the pair enjoy a romantic date night in Manchester Purple patch! Katie Piper shows off new LILAC hairstyle as she celebrates success of her latest book with husband Richard  Lindsay Lohan rebrands herself as she returns to Instagram after hiatus with posts about Syrian refugees Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic jihadist immigrants  Funny guy Justin Timberlake photobombs John Legend and Chrissy Teigen at the Producers Guild Awards The doctor is in! Kristen Stewart poses with Peanuts character Lucy for breast cancer benefit at Knott's Berry Farm She's got great jeans! Jessica Biel keeps it casual in ripped denim while leaving her restaurant Au Fudge with son Silas La La Land executive producer John Legend slams Trump's 'Muslim ban'... as musical wins best film of the year at Producers Guild Of America Awards Hilary Duff makes red carpet debut with new beau Matthew Koma at Hollywood bash Sizzling snow bunnies! Vogue Williams, Lydia Bright and Josie Gibson dazzle in vibrant ski suits in the first official stills from The Jump Blonde beauties dazzle 'They are not realistic or even attractive': Jedward slam Nicola McLean's BOOBS after she scolded them for walking in on her changing in the CBB house 'We know each other better than anyone': David Beckham reveals he and Victoria have worked through 'tough times' as he gushes about their marriage on Desert Island Discs Getting a grip on things? Georgia May Foote enjoys a PDA packed frolic on the beach in Los Angeles with shirtless boyfriend George Alsford From yachts, mansions and parties to an AVO: Entertainment entrepreneur Ron Creevey has order taken out against him by wife Danielle She must be hot! Kim Kardashian wears very low-cut tank top as she uses Snapchat filters while playing with North and Saint in Costa Rica GIRL ABOUT TOWN: 'Naked' Kate is on the verge of getting a gong at long last for service to the Royal Family after impressing the Queen with her work for mental health charities  Suddenly shy! Bella Hadid hides behind a scarf and baseball cap in NYC after showing off her chest in see-through dress in Paris The 20-year-old model hid behind a scarf What a pro! Justin Bieber shoots goal for his team at NHL All-Star Celebrity Shootout honouring Alan Thicke The 21-year-old pop star hit the ice Monochrome mayhem! Alesha Dixon flashes her taut tummy and cleavage in a sassy tonal coord at Britain's Got Talent auditions in London Scarlett Moffatt flaunts enviably slender figure in slinky top and skinny jeans on glamorous girls' night... after making presenting debut at the NTAs Showing Scott (and Justin) what they're missing! Kourtney Kardashian stuns in black bra top with silky slacks as she dines with her sisters Legs eleven...out of Ocean's Eight! Sandra Bullock, 52, stuns in thigh-skimming sheer mini-dress on set in NYC Puppy love! Amanda Holden, David Walliams and Ant & Dec cuddle up to their pet pooches as they arrive at first audition for Britain's Got Talent 2017 Daddy and me time! Blac Chyna shares sweet Snaps of Rob Kardashian kissing and cuddling their baby Dream She wore blue lace! Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner dazzles in see-through suit at Variety brunch Left little to the imagination She didn't get the memo! Khloe Kardashian covers up in maroon top and jeans as her sisters model bra tops in Costa Rica 'Oh the horror!': Dame Joan Collins on the nightmarish scene at her home after a leak in a neighbour's flat led to a ceiling caving in  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Anthony Joshua punching above his weight? Heavyweight champion only owns a minority share in his new 'passion project' gym New channel, same old problem...The mentors are better than on the BBC. But ITV is finding improving the contestants rather harder on The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Newly-engaged Pixie Lott oozes androgynous chic in black pantsuit as she cosies up to fiancé Oliver Cheshire at Dolce and Gabbana show in Milan White hot! Amanda Holden oozes sex appeal as she shows off her sensational legs while lounging around during Britain's Got Talent audition break Heather Mills, 49, shows off her sensational figure in a plunging white mermaid maxi as she throws some shapes during night out in Austria 'A few drinks in Scotland!': Pete Wicks enjoys solo weekend away from girlfriend Megan McKenna... following their blazing row at the NTAs All bundled up: Lea Michele looks like she can barely breathe as she wraps scarf tightly around her neck during NYC outing with a pal Move over, Arnold! Adriana Lima shows off toned abs at Muscle Beach in Venice for Victoria's Secret shoot Strutted along the boardwalk  Sharon Osbourne 'negotiates £2million deal to return to X Factor this year... despite not finalising commitments for US show The Talk' Looking good for her lady! Stella Maxwell flashes her amazing abs for spa outing with 'girlfriend' Kristen Stewart Tickled pink! Taryn Manning giggles as she models flirty hair color at Variety brunch after revealing she has no plans to leave OITNB The baby is here! Law & Order: Criminal Intent star Saffron Burrows, 44, welcomes daughter Daisy with her wife Alison CBB's Coleen Nolan breaks down in tears as she discovers son Shane Richie Jr. has taken her surname in show of support during marriage woes Newlywed Luann De Lesseps looks radiant as she dances with RHONY castmates at fundraiser after romantic honeymoon Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown set to appear in her first movie Godzilla: King Of Monsters Expanding career with epic new role Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Hailey Baldwin looks lovely in blue leather outfit as she graces her third Harper's Bazaar cover... this time for Turkey GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Boris takes a leaf out of Churchill's book by posing in a bath (but unlike Sir Winston, the Foreign Secretary kept his clothes on) 'I want another baby!' Emily MacDonagh reveals plans to add to brood with husband Peter Andre... as he admits he 'doesn't mind practicing' New Fifty Shades Darker clip shows extended date night between Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey that gets steamy in elevator Ruff day? Downcast Rooney Mara steps out in all black with her pup following two successful Sundance premieres Just returned from the Sundance Film Festival  Date night! Model Chanel Iman shows off her toned tummy as she joins beau Sterling Shepard for dinner at LA hotspot Make-up free Sam Faiers looks worlds away from her usual glamorous self as she goes low-key in workout gear after a gym session Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out with Liam Payne's ex Danielle Peazer 'She's fuming!' Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry shoots daggers as ex Marty McKenna swears at her during yet ANOTHER explosive spat in nightclub Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration It's only been six months! Kim Kardashian's ex Ray J renews wedding vows with Princess Love in Europe 'We're basically in a relationship!' Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara declare themselves 'official' on CBB... before laughing about her boyfriend on the outside Princess Eugenie keeps a low profile in sombre ensemble as she steps out for dinner at celebrity hotspot Chiltern Firehouse in London 'Stop Crying, we're in Woolies': Guy Sebastian shares video of wife Jules sobbing in the supermarket after watching Lion Affected audience 'F*** you! I'm not your buddy': CBB's Calum Best bites back as Jedward's John Grimes launches a scathing attack on him and Nicola McLean  Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy But where's Jen? Aniston's husband Justin Theroux steps out in all black as he bumps into House Of Cards star Elizabeth Marvel in NYC Sofia Vergara flaunts her fabulous figure in ripped jeans and a slinky poloneck as she enjoys date night with husband Joe Manganiello Teeny bikini! Kelly Bensimon, 48, enjoys a lemon-soaked drink as she splashes around in Miami wearing a body-baring swimsuit Is Tom Arnold the latest star to join I'm A Celebrity....? The Hollywood actor has dropped MAJOR hints that he's headed for the jungle Leonardo DiCaprio goes incognito in bucket hat and dark shades as he plays the tourist while T-shirt shopping in Rwanda 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Jemma Lucy flaunts her assets in black tracksuit as she steps out with leggy gal pal Chantelle Connelly in Manchester... after THAT raunchy naked photoshoot Judgement day! Vanessa Feltz will enter the Celebrity Big Brother house this weekend... and is set to bring trouble with her for Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Turf war rocks racing as Queen's friend slams The Jockey Club over controversial plans to sell off Kempton Park for housing  Retired jockey AP McCoy's wife Chanelle puts on a sizzling display in skimpy white bikini as couple continue sun-drenched Barbados getaway Jamaican me crazy! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock displays her amazing gym-honed figure in a blue bikini for sultry beach shoot Causing a stir Looking ace! Karlie Kloss works nautical chic in a plunging vest and striped skirt at tennis match in Australia Erin Andrews looks healthy out and about in West Hollywood... after revealing secret surgery for cervical cancer last autumn Michelle Heaton flaunts her sculpted arms in halterneck top as she takes sweet daughter Faith to Lego Batman Movie screening Jet lag and 'really long days' on beach shoots: Jessica Hart reveals the tough life of modelling as she admits to owning at least 100 bikinis Not as easy as it seems Kate Fischer being paid to drop pounds? The model has 'signed a magazine deal' to lose 20 kilos after calling herself 'morbidly obese' Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Justin Bieber steps out solo in quirky lensless glasses and ripped jeans... as romance between ex Selena Gomez and The Weeknd heats up Wayne Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her toned figure as she poses completely NAKED before slipping into studded bikini in raunchy X-rated photoshoot That's a wrap! Aidan Turner and Eleanor Tomlinson brace themselves against the January chill as they shoot Poldark season three on the windswept Welsh moors    Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Goodbye my lover! Cate Blanchett blows a kiss to husband Andrew Upton in adorable PDA as he heads to the airport leaving her alone in New York Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Putting the dance in Sundance! Toni Collette and her 'Fun Mom Dinner' co-stars let their hair down as they party into the night following premiere Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'Couple goals': The Bachelor's Richie Strahan shares a VERY loved-up video with bikini-clad Alex Nation as the pair recap stunning Coral Bay trip  Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Staying busy! Heartbroken Celine Dion squeezing in Bee Gees show as she continues Vegas concert one year after husband's death Oscar-nominated Emmanuelle Riva of the film Amour dies in Paris at the age of 89 after long illness Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles Australian model Jessica Hart appears to undergo controversial -129 degree cryotherapy healing treatment  after admitting to jet lag and 'really long days' on beach shoots 'Nobody knows when': Louis Tomlinson hints at One Direction reunion... as he moves on from split with girlfriend Danielle Campbell 'Hottest runway ever': Victoria's Secret models Bridget Malcolm and Karlie Kloss to headline David Jones show with Jesinta Franklin and Jess Gomes Walking Dead star Steven Yeun enjoys a sunlit day out with his pregnant wife Joana Pak Spent sunny day out and about in Los Angeles Barbara Hale, who played the loyal secretary opposite Raymond Burr on long-running crime TV show Perry Mason, dies at age 94 A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Adrienne Bailon is a ray of sunshine in bright yellow dress with thigh high slit at NAACP Image Awards Nominees Luncheon 'I look in the mirror each morning for signs of extra manliness and then I see it': David Campbell pens a hilarious column about growing a beard The Price is right: 2GB shock-jock Steve Price, 62, CONFIRMED for I'm A Celebrity...Get me out of here! And he wants to be 'in charge' Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Should Jess be worried? Ruby Rose trades in Vin Diesel for new co-star as she enjoys blossoming friendship with Pitch Perfect 3 band-mate Andy Allo 'He is making me feel good things': Fans go wild as new Beauty & The Beast posters give a first glimpse of Girl On The Train hunk Luke Evans as Gaston  Serena's final passing shot! Awkward moment triumphant Williams appears to IGNORE her fiance as she hugs model Karlie Kloss after winning the Australian Open  Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Leighton Meester teases a hint of cleavage in plunging embellished black dress as she poses up a storm at Harper's Bazaar bash Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Is Lara Bingle coming back home? Speculation mounts the former model is arriving in Australia this week from New York for the first time with her two sons  'Not a day goes by that he does not make me laugh': Jesinta Campbell gushes over husband buddy Franklin following their secret nuptials She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads 'I don't sit at home and obsess': Jon Hamm says he doesn't watch old episodes of Mad Men because that's 'weird' Actor, 45, played Don Draper on hit show DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event 'You have to laugh or it'll get you down': Casey Batchelor hits back at cruel trolls who brand her natural 32F breasts 'fake and ugly' Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Robin Thicke pulled out of LA gala tribute for his late father Alan Thicke as custody battle with ex Paula Patton takes nasty turn Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Like mother like daughter! Rebecca Judd gushes over her lookalike daughter Billie, two, taking a picture of her doll on toy phone Adorable images Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'She's moved on in': The Bachelor's Kiki Morris moves in with boyfriend Jeremy Banks, before fueling rumours she'll appear on I'm A Celebrity...Get Met Out Of Here! 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night 'She's at it again!': Pia Miller flaunts her incredible physique in red hot bikini at the beach after calling herself 'clumsy' and 'too daggy' That's not Summer Bay! Home and Away's Pia Miller and shirtless beau Tyson Mullane take lover's stroll along Bondi Beach She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her impossibly youthful complexion and famous  'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday 'Not my president!' Karrueche Tran sizzles in oversized sweater and thigh-high boots as she sends a clear anti-Trump message during night out Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
